Crest Pro-Health For Me Anticavity Fluoride Rinse
Marketed by: Procter & Gamble (Cincinnati, OH)Indication: Crest introduces the first line of oral care products created specifically for children aged 8 to 12 years. The Crest Pro-Health For Me Anticavity Fluoride Rinse is an alcohol-free rinse designed to reach areas in the mouth that children miss when brushing. Formulated to fight cavities and strengthen tooth enamel, it also freshens breath. A 15.7-oz bottle has a suggested retail price of $4.59.For More Information: www.crestprohealth.comOmega JointXtra
Marketed by: Nordic Naturals Inc (Watsonville, CA)Indication: Omega JointXtra is a dietary supplement designed to promote the repair and rebuilding of connective tissue and joint cartilage while supporting the body’s natural anti-inflammatory response. The serving size of 3 soft gels delivers 900 mg of the omega-3s docosahexaenoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid, 1500 mg of shellfish-free glucosamine sulfate, and 40 mg of UC-II collagen concentrate, which is an all-natural, patented, fast-acting, undenatured type II collagen.For More Information: www.nordicnaturals.comCortizone-10 Hydratensive Anti-Itch Lotions
Marketed by: Chattem Inc, a wholly owned subsidiary of the sanofi-aventis Group (Chattanooga, TN)Indication: Cortizone-10’s new Hydratensive product line includes a healing formula with aloe to provide deep moisturizing and a soothing formula with oatmeal to relieve itching and irritation. Each hypoallergenic formula contains 1% hydrocortisone, which is the maximum nonprescription strength. Cortizone-10 Hydratensive anti-itch lotions are available at grocery stores, mass retailers, and pharmacies nationwide in the hand and body lotion aisle.For More Information: www.cortizone10.com/hydratensive/index.htmlPenetran+Plus
Marketed by: Penetran Products+Plus (North Palm Beach, FL)Indication: Penetran+Plus is a topical pain relief lotion indicated for the temporary relief of aches and pains, including those from backaches and arthritis. It contains allantoin from aloe vera, natural lemon oil, and the compound methyl sulfonyl methane. The active ammoniums of Penetran+Plus work with the body’s natural pain relieving mechanism to bring quick, longlasting relief of pain and inflammation. Penetran+Plus is absorbed quickly through a unique transdermal delivery system, and contains no capsaicin, menthol, or aspirin. Penetran+Plus is available at pharmacies nationwide.For More Information: www.penetran.com 800-282-5511Veripur Hand Sanitizer Moisturizer
Marketed by: Fusion Brands (New York, NY)Indication: Veripur is an alcohol-free, nondrying hand sanitizer moisturizer that kills 99.9% of germs on contact. Veripur contains benzathonium chloride in suspended layers of white wax, which allows it to continue to protect hands from germs for up to 4 hours after application. It also contains the moisturizing ingredients avocado, jojoba, and grape seed. Available unscented or in fresh scent, the 3-oz tube has a suggested retail price of $5.99 and the 13-oz pump bottle has a suggested retail price of $10.99. For More Information: http://veripur.com/Brush & Learn Toothbrushes
Marketed by: Plackers (San Diego, CA)Indication: Brush & Learn toothbrushes are a line of musical toothbrushes designed to encourage good oral hygiene habits in children. Each of the 4 varieties of Brush & Learn toothbrushes plays a different educational song and features an ergonomic handle, gentle bristles, and a pedestal base. Brush & Learn toothbrushes have a suggested retail price of $4.99. They are currently available at Walmart and will be soon be available in the oral care aisle of other major retailers.For More Information: www.plackers.com FiberChoice Weight Management Supplements
Marketed by: GlaxoSmithKline (Philadelphia, PA) Indication: FiberChoice Weight Management formula is a fiber supplement indicated to curb cravings between meals and promote weight control and features an improved strawberry flavor. The supplement contains chromium picolinate, a compound that can help promote fat metabolism when used as part of a diet and exercise plan. Each 2-tablet dose of FiberChoice Weight Management is sugar free and provides 4 g of fiber and 200 mcg of chromium.For More Information: www.fiberchoice.comZim’s Matura-Care Odor Spray
Marketed by: Perfecta Products Inc (North Lima, OH)Indication: Perfecta Products introduces Zim’s Matura-Care Odor Spray, which is designed to neutralize unpleasant odors caused by adult incontinence. Safe for use on the body, bedding, clothing, or in the air, the continuous spray penetrates even hardto- reach areas. A 4-oz container of spray has a suggested retail price of $9.99. Zim’s products are available at pharmacies, grocery stores, and mass retailers nationwide.For More Information: www.crackcreme.comKids Relief Pain & Fever
Marketed by: Homeolab USA (Monteal, Quebec, Canada)Indication: Kids Relief Pain & Fever is a homeopathic medicine for the reduction of fever and the relief of pain associated with headache, sore throat, toothache, and the flu in children. Free of dyes, sugar, and acetaminophen, Kids Relief Pain & Fever is available in cherry flavor and is indicated for children years and older. Kids Relief Pain & Fever is available at selected pharmacies and food stores.For More Information: www.kidsrelief.com/ pain-relief.htmlBENGAY Pain Relief + Massage
Marketed by: Johnson & Johnson Consumer Products Co (Skillman, NJ)Indication: BENGAY Pain Relief + Massage is a topical menthol gel indicated for the relief of simple backache, arthritis, strains, bruises, and sprains. The nomess applicator controls the flow of the gel and features nubs designed to help massage the product into the affected areas. BENGAY Pain Relief + Massage’s vanishing scent begins to disappear minutes after application. It is available in a 3-oz tube.For More Information: www.bengay.com/bengay-pain-relief-massage-gel
