CoQ10 Ubiquinol
Marketed by: Nordic Naturals
Nordic Naturals CoQ10 Ubiquinol offers 100 mg of coenzyme Q10 ubiquinol to support energy production and cardiovascular health in a soft gel that also contains extra virgin olive oil. The suggested dose is 1 soft gel daily in the morning, or as directed by a physician or pharmacist. Patients in need of extra support can take 2 to 3 soft gels daily in the morning, with food, for the first 2 weeks on the product, and follow with 1 daily soft gel thereafter.For More Information: www.nordicnaturals.comIrritable Bowel Syndrome Therapy Homeopathic Fast Dissolving TabletsMarketed by: TRP Company
Irritable Bowel Syndrome Therapy Homeopathic Fast Dissolving Tablets offers a remedy for diarrhea, bloating, constipation, flatulence, irritability, abdominal pain, irregularity, and cramping associated with irritable bowel syndrome. Patients should dissolve 1 tablet under the tongue 3 times per day or as directed by a physician. Tablets should be taken at least 10 minutes prior to or 10 minutes after eating or drinking. Tablets should not be chewed or swallowed whole.For More Information: www.trpcompany.comNew-Skin Anti-Chafing Spray
Marketed by: Prestige Brands, Inc
New-Skin Anti-Chafing Spray is a waterproof, silicon-based formula to prevent and soothe chafing and blistering from friction or rubbing. The no-touch spray application creates a thin protective layer under the arms, groin, inner thighs, chest, feet, and heels. Patients should spray a liberal amount of the product on areas prone to or affected by chafing, and should reapply if needed. It is indicated for external use only, and should not be used on broken skin. New-Skin Anti-Chafing Spray is available in a 1-ounce bottle.For More Information: www.newskinproducts.comDiabetic Direct
Marketed by: Homeostasis Labs
Homeostasis Labs introduces a sugar-free dietary supplement line formulated for diabetic patients. The naturally flavored microcrystalline formulas melt in the mouth and can be taken without water. The Diabetic Direct line includes Calcium Boost for bone and dental health, Immunity Boost to aid the immune system, Energy Boost for a safe and sugar free energy boost, and Magnesium Boost to maintain blood pressure and promote heart health. Each supplement comes in an individual serving size packet that can be taken daily.For More Information: http://www.homeostasislabs.com/diabeticdirect/Gold Bond No Mess Powder Spray
Marketed by: Chattem Inc
Gold Bond No Mess Powder Spray offers the odor and wetness protection found in Gold Bond Powder in an easy-to-use spray. It provides triple-action relief by cooling on contact, absorbing moisture, and soothing skin. Product ingredients include talc, starch, and zinc oxide. It can be used after shower, bath, or exercise. It is available in classic formula, which mimics the feel and scent of Gold Bond Medicated Powder, and fresh formula, which has the same feel and a light, fresh fragrance. The 7-ounce spray has a suggested retail price of $7.99.For More Information: www.goldbond.comOsteo Bi-Flex Joint & BoneMarketed by: Rexall Sundown, Inc
Osteo Bi-Flex Joint & Bone is formulated to promote mobility, revitalize joints, and maintain bone mass and strength. It contains 1500 mg of glucosamine, a cartilage building block, and 80 mcg of vitamin K. It also contains 375 mg of Osteo Bi-Flex’s proprietary Joint Shield blend that includes chondroitin, MSM, and 5-LOXIN Advanced AKBA. The recommended serving size is 2 caplets per day with food. It is available in bottles of 74 caplets at supermarkets, pharmacies, and mass market retailers.For More Information: www.osteobiflex.comAlka-Seltzer Fruit Chews
Marketed by: Bayer Consumer Health
Alka-Seltzer Fruit Chews provide fast relief from heartburn, acid indigestion, sour stomach, upset stomach, and upset stomach associated with these symptoms, in a soft-textured chew that is not chalky or gritty. The chews come in strawberry, orange, and lemon flavors. Each chew contains 750 mg of calcium carbonate as an antacid. The recommended dose is 1 to 2 chews every 2 to 4 hours as symptoms occur, or as directed by a doctor. Patients should not exceed 10 chews in a 24-hour period.For More Information: www.alkaseltzer.com
