Micatin Antifungal Cream
Marketed by: WellSpring Pharmaceutical Corp (Sarasota, FL)Indication: WellSpring Pharmaceutical introduces new packaging and information for its Micatin Antifungal Cream aimed to improve adherence among Spanishspeaking patients. The new package carton features English and Spanish text, and complete Drug Facts in Spanish are also included with the product. Micatin Antifungal Cream provides relief from the burning, discomfort, and scaling associated with 3 conditions: athlete’s foot, jock itch, and ringworm. It has a suggested retail price of $7.49 for a ½-oz tube.For More Information: www.micatin.com HOT OTC
Ensure Clinical Strength Marketed by: Abbott Nutrition (Columbus, OH) Ensure Clinical Strength nutrition shakes contain Revigor, a proprietary amino acid metabolite, and 13 g of protein to help rebuild the muscle that is lost naturally with age. Each shake also contains 24 essential vitamins and minerals, omega-3 fatty acids, and a blend of prebiotics and antioxidants. Ensure Clinical Strength shakes are low in saturated fat and cholesterol and are available in 3 flavors: chocolate, vanilla, and strawberries and cream.For More Information: www.ensure.com
One A Day Men’s Pro Edge
Marketed by: Bayer Healthcare LLC (Morristown, NJ)Indication: One A Day Men’s Pro Edge is a complete multivitamin supplement for physically active adult men. This new formulation provides high levels of magnesium to support healthy muscle function; vitamins A, C, and E to meet the increased nutritional needs of the body caused by moderate to intense physical activity; and B vitamins to help convert food to fuel. Adults can take 1 One A Day Men’s Pro Edge tablet daily with food.For More Information: http://oneaday.com/mens_proedge.html#directions
Aquaphor Lip Repair
Marketed by: Beiersdorf Inc (Wilton, CT) Aquaphor Lip Repair provides immediate and long-lasting relief of dry, cracked, chapped, or irritated lips and seals in moisture to help prevent dryness. The fragrance- free, preservative- free, and dye-free formula contains shea butter, glycerin, castor seed oil, vitamins C and E, panthanol (provitamin B5), and bisabolol to help moisturize and condition lips. The suggested retail price is $4.49 for a 0.35-oz tube.For More Information: www.aquaphorhealing.com
Children’s Oxylent
Marketed by: Vitalah Inc (Watsonville, CA)Indication: Children’s Oxylent is an effervescent multivitamin and multimineral drink indicated for daily use in children aged 4 years and older. Children’s Oxylent contains 800 IU of vitamin D3, along with calcium, magnesium, vitamin C, zinc, and other vitamins and minerals to promote a child’s growth and development. One packet of Children’s Oxylent can be added to 4 to 6 oz of water with or without ice. Each box of Children’s Oxylent contains 30 individual stick packets.For More Information: www.oxylent.com 877-699-5368 
TheraVeda Allergy Support
Marketed by: Organix-South (Bowling Green, FL) Indication: Aller Support herbal supplements are indicated for the promotion of respiratory and immune system health. The supplements contain the certified organic active ingredients turmeric, neem, coriander, and black pepper in a nondrowsy formula. Individuals should take 1 capsule with food or room temperature water. A 60-capsule bottle has a suggested retail price of $26.95.For More Information: www.organixsouth.com 888-989-NEEM (6336)
Sippy Sure
Marketed by: Iatrical Innovations LLC (Laurens, SC)Indication: Sippy Sure is a patented spill-proof, medicationdispensing sippy cup designed to help parents administer medicine to young children. The medicine is located in its own container inside the cup and kept separate from the beverage until the child takes a drink, when the medicine is mixed with the beverage and administered to the child. Sippy Sure is available on the company’s Web site for a suggested retail price of $8.99.For More Information: www.sippysure.com
Advil Congestion Relief
Marketed by: Pfizer Consumer Healthcare (Madison, NJ)Indication: Advil Congestion Relief is a unique combination of the nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug ibuprofen and the nasal decongestant phenylephrine indicated for the relief of sinus pressure, nasal swelling, congestion, and headache. Adults and children aged 12 years and older can take 1 tablet every 4 hours while symptoms persist, and should not exceed 6 tablets in 24 hours unless directed by a physician. Advil Congestion Relief is available in the cough and cold aisles at major retailers nationwide.For More Information: www.advil.com/OurProducts/Advil- Congestion-Relief.aspx
Nordic Omega-3 Gummy Worms
Marketed by: Nordic Naturals Inc (Watsonville, CA)Indication: Nordic Omega-3 Gummy Worms offer the omega-3 fatty acids docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) in a kid-friendly gummy shape. Each strawberry-flavored worm contains 34 mg of EPA, 22 mg of DHA, and 12 mg of other omega-3s. Nordic Omega-3 Gummy Worms contain no artificial flavorings, colorings, or preservatives and are gluten-, yeast-, and milk-derivativefree. Children aged 2 years and older can take 1 gummy daily with food.For More Information: www.nordicnaturals.com
Breathe Right Advanced
Marketed by: GlaxoSmithKline (Philadelphia, PA)Indication: Breathe Right Advanced provides a drug-free treatment to help relieve nighttime nasal congestion. Designed to work with the anatomy of the nose, the strips feature 4-point technology that work on key touch points to open the nose more completely. The special adhesive system holds the strip comfortably and securely in place. Breathe Right Advanced is available in 2-, 10-, and 26-count packages.For More Information: www.breatheright.com/products/advanced.aspx
