Bengay Zero Degrees 

	Marketed by: Johnson & Johnson Consumer Companies (Skillman, NJ)

	Indication: Bengay Zero Degrees provides the pain relief of Bengay gel in an applicator that can be stored in the freezer. The product contains menthol 5% to help provide relief from the pain associated with simple backaches, arthritis, strains, bruises, and sprains. Adults and children 12 years and older can apply Bengay Zero Degrees to the affected area not more than 3 or 4 times daily. The product should not be used on damaged skin or in conjunction with a heating pad.

	For More Information: www.bengay.com

	

	Carmex Healing Lotion 

	Marketed by: Carma Laboratories Inc (Franklin, WI)

	Indication: Carmex Laboratories introduced a new lotion to treat damaged skin. Carmex Healing Lotion, available in a 13-oz pump and a 5.5-oz tube, is a thick formula that works to repair extremely dry and cracked skin, particularly areas such as the hands, feet, elbows, and knees. It contains aloe and vitamin E to help moisturize, heal, and protect the skin from dryness. Designed for daily use, Carmex Healing Lotion features a quickabsorbing, nongreasy formula. Carmex Healing Lotion is available at major retailers nationwide.

	For More Information: www.mycarmex.com 

	

	Eye Promise EZ Tears 

	Marketed by: ZeaVision LLC (Chesterfield, MO)

	Indication: EyePromise EZ Tears work to help relieve symptoms of dry eye and support healthy tear production and quality by improving tear composition and reducing inflammation. The product is taken as 2 softgels per day to improve irritation and redness from the inside out. It contains omega-3 fatty acids along with vitamins A, D3 , and E, and is enteric-coated to reduce aftertaste. EZ Tears can be purchased from the company’s Web site, where a 60-count bottle retails for $34.95.

	For More Information: www.eyepromise.com

	

	Carlson Super Daily D3 

	Marketed by: Carlson Laboratories Inc (Arlington Heights, IL)

	Indication: Carlson Super Daily D3 liquid supplement provides the benefits of vitamin D in a single drop. Available in dosages of 1000 IU and 2000 IU, the product is odorless and has no taste and is designed to make it easier for patients to obtain adequate levels of vitamin D, which can promote calcium absorption and support bone health, immunity, and muscle strength. The 1000 IU strength bottle retails for $14.90, and the 2000 IU strength bottle retails for $18.90.

	For More Information: www.carlsonlabs.com 

	

	Wellesse Bariatric Liquid Solutions 

	Marketed by: Botanical Laboratories (Ferndale, WA)

	Indication: Botanical Laboratories introduced a bariatric-focused line of liquid dietary supplements that targets common vitamin and mineral deficiencies specific to bariatric patients, including vitamins A, B 12 and B-complex, iron, calcium, and vitamin D. The products are designed to provide liquid nutritional sources during critical recovery phases and help facilitate ongoing maintenance following bariatric surgery. Many of the products in the Bariatric Liquid Solutions line, including the Calcium & Vitamin D3 formula, are sugar free.

	For More Information: www.botlab.com

	

	Sooner Relief 

	Marketed by: Physical Performance Health LLC (Norman, OK)

	Indication: Sooner Relief pain relief gel can provide quick relief for individuals with arthritis, backaches, sore muscles, fibromyalgia, knee pain, bruises, and sprains. The product is all natural and contains remedies such as arnica, aloe vera, and menthol, and is free of animal products, paraben, and dyes. Sooner Relief is delivered through a nongreasy gel to help cool the skin and alleviate inflammatory pain. A 2-oz bottle retails for $19.95, and a 4-oz bottle retails for $29.95.

	For More Information: http://soonerpainrelief.com

	

	Hyland’s Defend Cold & Cough 

	Marketed by: Hyland’s Inc (Los Angeles, CA)

	Indication: Specifically tailored for adults, Hyland’s DEFEND Cold & Cough is part of a new homeopathic product line that is designed to offer multi-symptom relief from seasonal illnesses. DEFEND Cold & Cough helps to soothe nasal congestion, cough, sore throat, and sneezing in a liquid daytime relief formula. It will not cause drowsiness and does not contain dyes, alcohol, or sugar. DEFEND Cold & Cough is available in Walgreens, Rite Aid, and other stores for a suggested retail price of $12.99.

	For More Information: www.hylands.com

	

	Aveeno Eczema Therapy Moisturizing Cream 

	Marketed by: Johnson & Johnson Consumer Companies (Skillman, NJ)

	Indication: Aveeno Eczema Therapy Moisturizing Cream relieves dry, irritated skin resulting from eczema. It also moisturizes the skin to strengthen its natural barrier function and reduce the recurrence of extra-dry skin. The natural colloidal oatmeal found in the product prevents water loss to help maintain moisture all day long. It is free of steroids and fragrances, and contains humectants, ceramides, and panthenol. Aveeno Eczema Therapy Moisturizing Cream is gentle enough for use on children and infants.

	For More Information: www.aveeno.com

	

	Nordic Naturals ProOmega-3.6.9

	Marketed by: Nordic Naturals (Watsonville, CA)

	Indication: Nordic Naturals ProOmega-3.6.9 is a comprehensive blend of essential fatty acids that provide balanced omega nutrition in a single serving. This new formulation contains the omega-3s docosahexaenoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid, the omega-6 gamma-linolenic acid, and the omega-9 oleic acid. These ingredients promote the production of prostaglandins E1 and E3, which support the body’s ability to fight inflammation and promote healthy joints, immune function, and skin.

	For More Information: www.nordicnaturals.com

	

	ScarAway Scar Diminishing Serum 

	Marketed by: Mitchell-Vance Laboratories LLC (Guilford, CT)

	Indication: ScarAway Scar Diminishing Serum is designed to shrink, flatten, and fade hypertrophic and keloid scars resulting from surgical procedures, injuries, burns, stretch marks, or acne. The product is massaged into the healed scar for 1 to 2 minutes, twice daily, and should be continued for 12 weeks for new scars and 5 to 6 months for older scars. ScarAway can be worn under makeup and is available for a suggested retail price of $17.99.

	For More Information: www.myscaraway.com
