HOT OTC Vitafusion HeartOne Gummy Vitamins Marketed by: 
Northwest Natural Products (Vancouver, WA)Indications: 
Vitafusion HeartOne Gummy Vitamins is the first gummy vitamin for adults designed to support healthy cholesterol levels. Each serving of peach-flavored gummies contains 400 mg of CoroWise, phytosterols derived from soybeans. Vitafusion HeartOne Gummy Vitamins should be taken twice daily with meals to support heart health. The product is available at Target and Walgreens stores.For More Information: www.nwnaturalproducts.com/vitafusion/ Baby Orajel SmartDose Teething GelMarketed by:
Church & Dwight Co Inc (Princeton, NJ)Indications:
Baby Orajel SmartDose Teething Gel contains 7.5% benzocaine for topical relief of sore gums and features a pump that controls the amount of medication being dispensed. Baby Orajel SmartDose is available in cherry flavor and in a nighttime formulation—which contains 10% benzocaine— for extra comfort through the night. Baby Orajel SmartDose Teething Gel is available at major drugstores, grocery stores, and mass retailers. For More Information:www.orajel.comUA-789PC Blood Pressure Monitor for Extra Large Arms Marketed by:
A&D Medical (San Jose, CA)Indications:
A&D Medical introduces the UA-789PC Blood Pressure Monitor for home blood pressure monitoring, featuring an extra large cuff to accommodate arm circumferences from 16.5 to 23.6 inches. The UA-789PC has a large display and buttons, alarm reminders, and offers one-touch measurement. The monitor also has a data port for USB connectivity. A list of online retailers is available at www.andmedical.com/and_med.nsf/html/Resellers. For More Information:www.andmedical.com
800-726-3364Reed’s Rx Natural Ginger Nausea Relief Marketed by: 
Reed’s Inc (Los Angeles, CA)Indications: 
Reed’s Rx Natural Ginger Nausea Relief is an antinausea beverage made from 12 g of fresh ginger and containing 10 mg of vitamin B6. Flavored with lemon, lime, honey, and pineapple, Reed’s Rx Natural Ginger Nausea Relief is a remedy for morning sickness, motion sickness, and other causes of nausea. Reed’s Rx Natural Ginger Nausea Relief is available at natural food stores and at CVS in the digestive/stomach aisle.For More Information: www.reedsinc.com/reeds-rx/ 
800-99-REEDS (800-997-3337)Spenco For Her Total Suport Replacement Insoles Marketed by: 
Spenco Medical Corp (Waco, TX)Indications: 
Spenco For Her Total Support Replacement Insoles uses a patent-pending 3-POD cushioning system to provide women athletes with firm support and stability. The insoles have a gel heel strike cushion and metatarsal arch support to absorb shock and prevent overpronation. The lowfriction, antimicrobial covering prevents blisters and controls odors. Spenco For Her Total Support Replacement Insoles have a suggested retail price of $29.99.For More Information: www.spenco.com/her_1.shtml SalonPas Pain Relief Patch Marketed by: 
Hisamitsu Inc (Torrance, CA)Indications: 
SalonPas Pain Relief Patch is the only FDA-approved topical pain relief patch for the temporary relief of muscle and joint pain. The patches are indicated for relief of the pain associated with sprains and strains, arthritis, bruises, and backaches for up to 12 hours. Each patch contains menthol 3% and methyl salicylate 10%. SalonPas Pain Relief Patches are available in a 5-count package at retail pharmacies and grocery stores.For More Information: www.salonpas.us/ 
Wellgate for Women Braces and Supports Marketed by: 
Lil’ Drug Store Products (Cedar Rapids, IA)Indications: 
Wellgate for Women introduces braces and supports designed to fit a woman’s body and proportions, and address a woman’s unique orthopedic problems. Wellgate braces and supports— which are available for the wrist, knee, and ankle—are made with a soft, breathable fabric for comfortable support. They are also available in plus sizes. Wellgate for Women braces and supports are available at Wal-Mart, Publix, and ShopKo stores.For More Information: www.wellgateproducts.comKank-A Soothing Beads Marketed by:
Blistex Inc (Oak Brook, IL)Indications: 
Kank-A Soothing Beads are smooth balls that melt in the mouth for relief of gum irritations from orthodontic appliances, dentures, mouth burns, and canker sores. Containing 3 mg of benzocaine per bead, Kank-A Soothing Beads can be rolled around the mouth for all-over relief, or held in one place for concentrated treatment. Each 5-bead dose is individually packaged. Kank-A Soothing Beads are available at drugstores, grocery stores, and mass retailers.For More Information: www.blistex.com/other-blistex-brands/kank-a
BioGaia Gut Health Probiotic Chewable Tablets Marketed by: 
Everidis Health Sciences (St. Louis, MO) Indications: BioGaia Gut Health Probiotic Chewable Tablets help maintain good digestive health for the entire family. Each tablet contains 100 million live, active cells of Lactobacillus reuteri Protectis. L reuteri is an indigenous probiotic, meaning that the human body is its natural habitat. Individuals can take 1 tablet per day. BioGaia Gut Health Probiotic Chewable Tablets are available in a 30-count bottle.For More Information: www.childrensprobiotics.com
877-776-0101Digest Spectrum Digestive Supplements Marketed by: 
Enzymedica Inc (Port Charlotte, FL)Indications: 
Digest Spectrum is a dietary supplement formulated to address multiple food sensitivities, and to aid in the digestion of lactose, gluten, casein, and phenols. To assist digestion in individuals on restricted diets, the supplements contain no corn, rice, potato, soy, gluten, casein, sugar, or fillers. Enzymedica products are available at Whole Foods, health food stores, and independent pharmacies.For More Information:www.enzymedica.com ON THE WEB: For pharmacist-recommended OTC products, go to www.OTCGuide.net.
