BIOSAFE Diabetes Risk Assessment
Marketed by: BIOSAFE Medical Technologies (Lake Forest, IL)Indication:BIOSAFE Diabetes Risk Assessment evaluates diabetes risk. The product is a 2-part process comprised of an immediate fasting glucose reading and a mailin laboratory analysis for hemoglobin A1C, a blood glucose marker for the previous 90-day period. Samples for both tests can be either professionally collected or self-collected through the use of a simple finger-nick collection kit. Taken in combination, these 2 results become a reliable indicator of diabetes or a prediabetes condition. BIOSAFE Diabetes Risk Assessment retails for $24.99.For More Information:www.ebiosafe.com
Fertili-T

Marketed by:
Life Tech (Newport Beach, CA)

Indication:Fertili-T for men and women is a holistic formula that combines efficacious amounts of clinically validated ingredients to detoxify, revitalize, and optimize the body for peak fertility. The product line is comprised of programs specifically designed for the varied conditions affecting fertility. The product line for women includes Fertili-T Essential for women who are trying to conceive naturally and have no known infertility issues or have been diagnosed by their physician as having unexplained infertility; Fertili-T UTERO is designed for women who have been diagnosed by their physician with endometriosis; Fertili-T Fibroid is designed for women who have or have had fibroids; and Fertili-PCOS is designed to help women with polycystic ovarian syndrome and to help detoxify, revitalize, and optimize the body as a whole. Fertili-T Virili-T is designed for men to help with male-factor infertility by detoxifying, revitalizing, and optimizing the entire body as well as helping to optimize sperm count, morphology, motility, and sperm progression.For More Information:www.Fertili-T.com
OcuFresh Eye Wash

Marketed by:
Optics Laboratory (El Monte, CA)

Indication:Preservative-free OcuFresh Eye Wash is indicated for rinsing and irrigating the interior of the eye. The product also removes bacteria associated with contact lens applications and can be used daily to remove smoke, mascara flakes, chemicals, garden-care products, dirt, sand, and other debris that can irritate or scratch the eyes' surface. OcuFresh Eye Wash, which is made from water-forinjection, is packaged in individually sealed 20-mL vials.For More Information:www.ocufresh.com800-968-6788
MidNite

Marketed by:
Concepts In Health (Blauvelt, NY)

Indication:MidNite contains a unique complex of natural herbs as well as an ingredient identical to what is made by an individual's body during the natural sleep cycle. The dietary supplement's 4 natural sleep ingredients include melatonin (1.5 mg of European melatonin) and a proprietary blend of lavender, lemon balm, and chamomile (22 mcg). Because MidNite is nonsedating, an individual can take it anytime up to 3 hours before he or she wishes to awaken— even in the middle of the night. The product will not cause morning grogginess, affect mood, alertness, or the ability to function normally with a clear head if taken as directed. MidNite's fast-dissolving tablets are packaged individually in protective easy-open blister packages.For More Information:www.midnitesleep.com866-4-MidNite (866-464-3648)


Hot OTC
Ester-C

Marketed by:
Ester C Co (Bohemia, NY)

Indication:Ester-C offers 24-hour immune protection by increasing the vitamin C levels in the body. The product has been specially formulated for faster absorption and retention, so the maximum benefits of vitamin C are obtained quickly. Ester-C can be taken year-round and provides the powerful antioxidant protection needed during times of seasonal change and other situations that stress the immune system. Ester-C is nonacidic, so it is gentler on the stomach, and it is available in 500-mg tablets in 60-count bottles for $7.99 and 1000-mg tablets in 60-count bottles for $9.99.For More Information:www.ester-c.com866-417-0739
Liver D-Tox Fuel

Marketed by:
Twinlab Corp (Grand Rapids, MI)

Indication:Liver D-Tox Fuel is a daily liver detoxifying formula that combines L-glutathione and alpha lipoic acid along with an exclusive Purification Matrix formula. Designed with athletes in mind, the product is made with natural ingredients and contains no harsh chemicals that interfere with the natural detoxification process. L-glutathione and alpha lipoic acid are antioxidants that help to dissolve toxic substances and maintain healthy enzyme levels. The Purification Matrix formula contains kudzu (root) powder and extract, milk thistle (seed) extract (standardized to 80% silymarin), artichoke (aerial part), and sarsaparilla (root). The recommended dose is 1 capsule twice daily. Liver D-Tox Fuel is available in 60-capsule bottles.For More Information:www.twinlab.com
Ultimate Omega 500

Marketed by:
Nordic Naturals (Watsonville, CA)

Indication:Ultimate Omega 500 is the newest addition to the Ultimate Omega product line. The product provides the same high concentrated oil as Ultimate Omega, but the smaller size soft gel allows for easier swallowing. Ultimate Omega 500 provides essential nutrients for brain and nerve health, as well as providing support for cardiovascular health. The product can help patients meet the American Heart Association's recommendation of 1 g of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid daily for patients with risk markers for heart disease. Ideal for individuals aged 5 years through adult, Omega 500 is all natural and available in a strawberry flavor.For More Information:www.nordicnaturals.com800-662-2544
Crest Whitestrips Daily Whitening Plus Tartar Protection

Marketed by:
Procter & Gamble (Cincinnati, OH)

Indication:Crest Whitestrips Daily Whitening Plus Tartar Protection provides 3 significant benefits: (1) protects against daily tartar buildup, (2) whitens and protects from everyday stain buildup, and (3) provides a gentle routine for teeth sensitive to whitening. Each kit contains thin, flexible strips coated with a gel formula, and it takes only 5 minutes a day. The strips are designed to conform to the shape of an individual's teeth. The kits each contain 38 daily doses. Crest Whitestrips Daily Whitening Plus Tartar Protection retails for $39.99.For More Information:www.whitestrips.com
Refenesen Chest Congestion & Pain Relief PE

Marketed by:
Reese Pharmaceutical Co (Cleveland, OH)

Indication:Refenesen Chest Congestion & Pain Relief PE relieves chest and sinus congestion, thins and loosens mucus, relieves headache and pain, and reduces fever. The product contains 400 mg guaifenesin, 10 mg phenylephrine HCl, and 650 mg acetaminophen. The nondrowsy formula is available in 50-count bottles.For More Information:www.ReesePharmaceutical.com800-321-7178
Tru-Ice Ice Massager

Marketed by:
Health Enterprises Inc (North Attleboro, MA)

Indication:Tru-Ice Ice Massager provides cold therapy in one third the time of an ice bag to help reduce swelling and relieve pain. The product is good for sprains, strains, arthritis, tendinitis, and plantar fasciitis. The ergonomic, reusable design is easy to use on a knee, elbow, ankle, foot, neck, or shoulder. In addition to traditional sports-medicine uses, Tru-Ice Ice Massager can provide fast, effective relief for headaches, fevers, migraines, hot flashes, and insect bites.For More Information:www.healthenterprises.com


Find it Online

For more OTC Product News, visit www.PharmacyTimes.com/OTCproducts
