Nature Made VitaMelts Vitamin DMarketed by: Pharmavite, LLC
Nature Made VitaMelts Vitamin D delivers 1000 IU of Vitamin D3 in an easily dissolving tablet to support bone and immune system health. The tablets are creamy vanilla flavored, come in a small, portable package, and can be taken without water for on-the-go use. Patients should dissolve 1 tablet in the mouth before swallowing, up to 4 times per day. Tablets should not be taken more than 4 times per day unless advised by a physician.For More Information: www.naturemade.comPerceptivMarketed by: Sevo Nutraceuticals
Perceptiv is a blend of 6 vitamins and nutrients designed to maintain cellular health and vitality in the brain. It contains vitamin E, folic acid, vitamin B12, and a proprietary blend of n-acteyl l-cysteine, acetyl l-carnitine, and s-adenosyl methionine. It is meant to protect against normal cognitive decline associated with aging, enhance mental clarity, improve memory, increase focus and concentration, and provide cognitive enhancement in adults of all ages. It is available through select retailers and through www.thinkperceptiv.com.For More Information: www.thinkperceptiv.comAllegra Anti-Itch CreamMarketed by: Chattem
Chattem introduces Allegra Anti-Itch Cream, designed to help provide itch relief from reactions to skin irritations. Allegra Anti-Itch Intensive Relief provides moisturizing relief for itchy, dry, and irritated skin, as well as providing temporary relief from the pain and itching associated with insect bites, minor skin irritations, sunburn, minor cuts and scrapes, and rashes due to poison ivy, oak, or sumac. It is indicated for adults and children 2 years and older. The suggested retail price is $4.99 to $6.99.For More Information: www.allegra.comVoots Veggie-Fruit TartsMarketed by: Pharmavite, LLC
Voots Veggie-Fruit Tarts are supplements for children 4 years and older to provide the vitamin C of 3 servings of fruits and vegetables in 2 chewable berry-flavored tarts. The supplements contain 11 fruits and vegetables, including apples, cranberries, oranges, prunes, raspberries, strawberries, blueberries, carrots, sweet potatoes, zucchinis, and green beans, and are made without artificial flavors, colors, or preservatives. Each serving contains 60 mg of vitamin C and can be taken in addition to a regular multivitamin.For More Information: www.voots.comHello Anticavity ToothpasteMarketed by: Hello Products
Hello anticavity toothpaste features fluoride to help prevent cavities and is designed to strengthen and whiten teeth while reducing the effects of acid erosion and tartar buildup. It is free of triclosan and stannous fluoride and contains silica to gently clean and polish teeth. It is available in supermint, pink grapefruit mint mojito mint, and sweet cinnamint flavors. Hello anticavity toothpaste is available nationwide in Walgreens, Duane Reade, and select Target stores, as well as online at www.drugstore.com.For More Information: www.hello-products.comRing Relief Fast Dissolving TabletsMarketed by: TRP Relief Products
Ring Relief Fast Dissolving Tablets provide a homeopathic remedy for tinnitus symptoms, including ringing, buzzing, noises in the ears, pain, and discomfort. It is formulated to stimulate the body’s natural ability to alleviate tinnitus symptoms. Tablets contain arnica Montana, hepar sulphuris calcareum, lycopodium clavatum, mercurius solubilis, salicylicum acidum, silicea, and thiosinaminum. The tablets will be available nationwide at CVS, Walgreens, Walmart, Rite-Aid, and independent health food stores.For More Information: www.trpcompany.comThera-GesicMarketed by: Mission Pharmacal Company
Thera-Gesic is a maximum-strength analgesic cream designed to be used for temporary relief of minor muscle aches and joint pain associated with arthritis, simple backache, strains, bruises, and sprains. Thera-Gesic features a non-staining formula that is absorbed quickly into the skin. Adults and children 12 years or older should apply thin layers of cream into and around the sore or painful area, not more than 3 to 4 times daily.For More Information: www.thera-gesic.com
