Cetaphil DermaControl

	Marketed by: Galderma Laboratories, LP (Fort Worth, TX)

	Indication: Cetaphil announced the launch of Cetaphil DermaControl, a new line of products formulated to complement regimens for acne-prone skin. Cetaphil DermaControl Oil Control Foam Wash contains zinc and is gentle enough to use with prescription acne treatments without drying out the skin. Cetaphil DermaControl Oil Control Moisturizer SPF 30 features oleosome technology to provide protection from ultraviolet radiation and ingredients to reduce surface oil and control shine. Both products are noncomedogenic and support healthy skin by soothing irritation and maintaining the skin’s barrier function.

	For More Information: www.cetaphil.com

	

	Lipigesic M

	Marketed by: PuraMed BioScience, Inc (Schofield, WI)

	Indication: PuraMed BioScience’s LipiGesic M is a fast, safe, and effective homeopathic medication created to reduce or eliminate migraine pain and its associated symptoms. The all-natural, patentpending formulation containing feverfew and ginger suspended in pharmaceutical-grade olive oil delivers the active ingredients sublingually using a premeasured 3-mL unit dose dispenser. LipiGesic M has an excellent safety profile with no known drug interactions, and is not associated with rebound headaches. LipiGesic M is available in Walgreens and CVS/pharmacy stores.

	For More Information: www.lipigesic.com

	

	AKEDamins Chewable Tablets

	Marketed by: Macoven Pharmaceuticals (Magnolia, TX)

	Indication: Macoven Pharmaceuticals announced the availability of AKEDamins Chewable Tablets, a specialty multivitamin that is a new source for A, D, E, and K multivitamin supplementation. The tablets contain watermiscible forms of the fat-soluble vitamins A, D, E, and K, along with zinc. A gluten-free product that is also free of food dyes, AKEDamins can be chewed or the tablets can be crushed and taken with soft food. AKEDamins is available in 60-count bottles through national wholesalers.

	For More Information: www.akedamins.com

	

	Preparation H Totables Burning Relief Gel

	Marketed by: Pfizer Consumer Healthcare (New York, NY)

	Indication: Preparation H Totables Burning Relief Gel provides cooling relief from the painful burning, itching, and swelling associated with hemorrhoids. The product has a clear, nonstaining, and nongreasy formula, and contains vitamin E and aloe. Patients can apply the gel externally to the affected area up to 4 times daily, especially in the morning, at night, and after each bowel movement. Preparation H Totables Burning Relief Gel is available in a package of three 2-oz Mini-Prep tubes.

	For More Information: www.preparationh.com

	

	Nordic GLA

	Marketed by: Nordic Naturals (Watsonville, CA)

	Indication: Nordic Naturals introduced Nordic GLA, a vegetarian borage oil supplement for the support of skin health, hormonal balance, healthy joints, proper respiratory function, and optimal body fat metabolism. Nordic GLA contains 480 mg of the omega-6 gamma-linolenic acid per serving for natural anti-inflammatory support. It can be taken alone or with fish or algae oil omega-3 products. Nordic GLA is gluten- and flavor-free, and contains no milk derivatives or artificial colors. The recommended dose is 1/2 teaspoon daily with food.

	For More Information: www.nordicnaturals.com

	

	Arm & Hammer Simply Saline Allergy & Sinus Relief

	Marketed by: Church & Dwight Co, Inc (Princeton, NJ)

	Indication: Simply Saline Allergy & Sinus Relief is a drug-free nasal spray designed to provide allergy and sinus relief. It features a hypertonic solution to help dry, runny noses and a gentle mist to clear nasal and sinus mucus. Its unique delivery system keeps contents sterile throughout use. The product can be used alone or, because it is drug free, with allergy medicines. Simply Saline Allergy & Sinus Relief is nonaddictive and can be used as often as needed.

	For More Information: www .simplysalinepro.com
