Hot OTC ProductNyloxin OTCMarketed by: 
Nutra Pharma Corp (Plantation, FL) Indication: 
Nutra Pharma has introduced Nyloxin OTC, a formulation of diluted cobra venom, as a pain reliever for the treatment of moderateto- severe chronic pain. Nyloxin OTC will be available as an oral spray for treating lower back pain, migraines, neck aches, shoulder pain, cramps, and neuralgia, and as a topical gel for treating joint pain and pain associated with repetitive stress and arthritis. For More Information: 
www.nyloxin.com SinuCleanse Neti Pot Marketed by: 
Med-Systems, Inc (Madison, WI) Indication: 
SinuCleanse recently introduced a clear, lightly tinted blue version of its Neti Pot, a nasal irrigation system used to relieve sinus and allergy problems. Dishwasher-safe, the new design enhances ease of use by enabling visual inspection of the saline solution to ensure proper mixture and to better control the flow and volume of saline. Neti Pot includes 30 saline packets and has a suggested retail price of $14.99. 
For More Information: 
www.sinucleanse.com Arctic-D Cod Liver Oil Effervescent Marketed by:
Nordic Naturals (Watsonville, CA)Indication: 
Nordic Naturals has introduced Arctic-D Cod Liver Oil Effervescent, an innovative water-soluble drink mix containing 500 mg of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid and 1200 IU of vitamin D in a delicious orange flavor. Arctic-D Cod Liver Oil Effervescent’s unique delivery system absorbs quickly into the bloodsteram to deliver heart, brain, bone, and joint support. The 21-count package has a suggested retail price of $34.95. For More Information: 
www.nordicnaturals.com 
800-662-2544 Elations Powder Pack Marketed by: 
The Elations Company (Cincinnati, OH) Indication: 
The Elations Company now offers their patent-pending formula in a powder form for improving joint health. Designed for use with a 20-oz bottle of water, each packet delivers the same recommended levels of glucosamine and chondroitin as the ready-to-drink supplement. Easy to use on the go, the powder packs will be available in 2 flavors—cranberry-apple and raspberry white grape. Suggested retail price for the 7-stick box ranges from $6.97 to $7.99. For More Information: 
www.elations.com Kank-A SoftBrush Tooth/Mouth Pain Gel Marketed by: 
Blistex Inc (Oak Brook, IL) Indication: 
Kank-A SoftBrush is the first oral pain treatment to deliver maximum strength benzocaine through a wand-shaped applicator with a brush tip dispenser. Now containing zinc chloride for dual relief, the mild, pleasant-tasting gel treats pain caused by toothaches and minor irritations of the mouth. The soft, flexible brush tip applies the painrelieving gel to hard-to-reach places, including between the teeth and braces. For More Information: 
www.blistex.com/other-blistex-brands/kank-a 
800-837-1800 MyClyns Germ Protection Spray Marketed by: 
Union Spring Pharmaceuticals (Erlanger, KY) 
Indication: 
MyClyns Germ Protection Spray is a nonalcohol, germ-killing spray that can be applied directly to the eyes, ears, nose, mouth, and in minor cuts and abrasions—locations where germs are most likely to enter the body. MyClyns reduces by 99.99% more than 60 pathogens, including methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus and Escherichia coli. The 6-mL container can be sprayed up to 60 times and has a suggested retail price of $9.99. For More Information: 
www.mygermspray.com Bifera Iron Supplements Marketed by: 
Alaven Consumer Healthcare (Marietta, GA) Indication: 
Bifera is a dual-action iron supplement made from natural ingredients that contains 2 forms of iron—6 mg of heme iron polypeptide and 22 mg of polysaccharide iron complex. Together, they allow for maximum iron absorption without side effects. Bifera may be taken once daily, with or without food, and does not require vitamin C or an acidic stomach for absorption.For More Information: 
www.bifera.com 
800-328-0502 Chloraseptic Sore Throat Lozenges with Liquid Center Marketed by: 
Prestige Brands, Inc (Irvington, NY)Indication: 
Chloraseptic has improved its entire line of fast-acting lozenges to include benzocaine and methol liquid centers. Benzocaine is a proven ingredient to relieve sore throat pain on contact, and menthol soothes the throat and cools the nasal passages. The lozenges are available in 7 varieties and 4 flavors and may be taken every 2 hours as needed.For More Information: 
www.chloraseptic.com ULTRACEPT Antiseptic Handwash Marketed by:
Healthpoint Ltd (Fort Worth, TX)Indication:
ULTRACEPT Antiseptic Handwash is an alcohol-based sanitizer product that kills 99.99% of harmful germs instantly. With repeated use, its unique, patent-pending formula provides antimicrobial protection for up to 6 hours. Used by surgeons and hospital clinicians since 2004, ULTRACEPT will not dry out hands and leaves a soft, silky feeling. Available only online, a 3-pack of 2-oz ULTRACEPT is $11.97 with free shipping. For More Information: 
www.ultracept.com 
877-61-ULTRA Thera-Med Headache Band Marketed by: 
Carex Health Brands Indication: 
Carex is reintroducing an updated version of their Thera-Med Headache Band in response to popular demand. A nonnarcotic solution for headache relief, the Thera- Med Headache Band is a cold pack that attaches around the head using a Velcro fastener. Filled with microbead gel, the pack is soft and flexible out of the freezer and has 2 sides to provide either gentle cooling or maximum cold. The suggested retail price is $7.99. For More Information: 
www.carex.com 
800-328-2935 â–  
For pharmacist-recommended OTC products, visit: www.OTCGuide.net
