B-SURE Perineal Wash
Marketed by:Birchwood Laboratories (Eden Prairie,MN)
Indication:B-SURE Perineal Wash is a gentle, no-rinse formula that is an effective alternative to soap and water for cleansing the perineal area of dried feces, urine, and other bodily fluids without irritation. Enriched with aloe and glycerin, the product soothes sensitive skin while it cleanses and can be used on other areas of the body as needed.

For More Information:www.birchwoodlaboratories.com
800-328-6156

Ivy-Dry Defense
Marketed by:Ivy-Dry Inc (Fairfield, NJ)
Indication:Ivy-Dry Defense contains the new Zytrel technology called Allergy Guard. Clinical testing has proven that Ivy- Dry Defense puts down a chemical barrier on the skin and prevents plants? toxins from penetrating and causing irritations. The product is applied before going out into the woods, gardening, or any outdoor activity where individuals will be exposed to poison plant toxins. Ivy-Dry Defense is also an SPF-25 sunscreen and is hypoallergenic.

For More Information:www.ivydry.com
800-443-8856



Hot Rx
Omeprazole

Marketed by:Perrigo Co (Allegan, MI)

Indication:Store brand Omeprazole, a proton pump inhibitor that will treat the same frequent heartburn symptoms as Procter & Gamble?s Prilosec OTC, is now available. Omeprazole begins working on the first day, and the therapeutic benefits get progressively better with each additional treatment. Omeprazole delayed-release tablets 20 mg are available in 14-, 28-, and 42-count packages. The product should be use as directed for 14 days for treating frequent heartburn and is not for immediate relief.
For More Information:www.perrigo.com
MyAllergyTest
Marketed by:ImmuneTech Inc (Menlo Park, CA)
Indication:MyAllergyTest is a home test that requires a finger stick of blood. The kit tests for the 10 most common allergens: house dust mite, Timothy Grass, Bermuda Grass, Mountain Cedar, short ragweed, mold, cat, milk, egg white, and wheat. Once the blood sample is collected, it is mailed to ImmuneTech for analysis. Test results are confidential. In order to access test results, it requires the PIN that an individual attaches to his or her personal identification card and e-mail address. 

For More Information:www.immunetech.com
800-807-1968

Zucol Coldcare
Marketed by:Abkit Inc (New York, NY)
Indication:Zucol Coldcare stops the cold before it takes hold by shortening the duration and severity. Zucol Coldcare?s active ingredient is an extract from a plant called pelargonium sidoides. The plant extract appears to have properties that boost immune function and contains antimicrobial properties, which seem to have a limiting effect on the intensity of the viral infection. It also increases ciliary beat frequency that speeds up the movement of mucus out of the upper respiratory mucous membranes. Zucol Coldcare should be taken at the first sign of any cold symptoms. The recommended dose is 3 lozenges daily for a period of 6 days even if symptoms disappear.


For More Information:www.zucol.com
800-226-6227

BioSil
Marketed by:Natrol Inc (Chatsworth, CA), a wholly owned subsidiary of Plethico Pharmaceuticals Ltd
Indication:BioSil is a collagengenerating supplement formulated as a liquid, a capsule, and a bone-building tablet with calcium and vitamin D. The product has been shown in clinical studies to help reduce fine lines and wrinkles in facial skin, thicken and strengthen hair, and strengthen nails, as well as helping to promote bone mineral density and healthy joints.




For More Information:www.Natrol.com
800-2-NATROL (800-262-8765)
