LecSmart

Marketed by:
Lectin Labs (Carson City, NV)


Indication:
LecSmart is formulated to
help individuals control
gastric distress, ulcers,
and other stomach disorders.
A proprietary nutritional
food supplement,
LecSmart is a specialized
powder extract concentrate
derived from wheat grain, scientifically developed to
control harmful microbes such as Helicobacter pylori
in the stomach and support proper gastrointestinal
health. This natural product is for the use of common
stomach complaints and the support of digestive
health. The recommended daily dose of LecSmart,
which easily mixes in drinks and foods, is 20 g
(2 tablespoons) taken twice a day: in the early morning
and again before bedtime.


For More Information:www.lecsmart.com

Hangover Buster

Marketed by:
Pillar Rock USA Corp (New York, NY)


Indication:
Hangover Buster
is an effervescent
tablet specially
formulated
to prevent hangover
symptoms
such as nausea,
headache, excessive thirst, fatigue, muscle ache, and
sensitivity to light and noise. A package of Hangover
Buster includes 3 individually foil-wrapped tablets to
be dissolved in water and taken throughout an
evening of alcohol consumption. Each lemon-lime?flavored
Hangover Buster tablet includes a blend of vitamins
A, C, and B12, as well as ginseng extract and
other FDA-approved ingredients.


For More Information:www.hangoverbuster.com

ALEVE-D Sinus & Cold

Marketed by:
Bayer Consumer Care (Morristown, NJ)


Indication:
Bayer Consumer
Care recently
announced the availability
of ALEVE-D
Sinus & Cold (formerly
ALEVE Cold &
Sinus) that combines a long-lasting nasal decongestant
with the pain-relieving power of ALEVE (naproxen
sodium) for all-day relief from multiple sinus and pain
symptoms. The active ingredients in the product—
pseudoephedrine and naproxen sodium—combine to
provide 12 hours of relief from symptoms including
sinus pressure, headache, and nasal and sinus congestion.


For More Information:www.AleveD.com
800-986-0369

Baby Gas-X Infant Drops

Marketed by:
Novartis Consumer Health Inc (Parsippany, NJ)


Indication:
Baby Gas-X Infant Drops
relieve the symptoms of
gas. The product contains
no alcohol, saccharin, or
artificial colors or flavors.
All dosages may be repeated
as needed, after meals
and at bedtime, or as
directed by a physician.
Doses should not exceed 6
in a 24-hour period. Baby
Gas-X Infant Drops should be dispensed slowly into
the baby's mouth, toward the inner cheek. The drops
may be mixed with 1 oz of cool water, infant formula,
or other suitable liquids.


For More Information:www.Gas-X.com
800-452-0051



Hot OTC
Cetirizine Hydrochloride Tablets

Marketed by:
Perrigo Co (Allegan, MI)


Indication:
The Perrigo Co recently
received FDA approval for
its Abbreviated New Drug
Application for Cetirizine
Hydrochloride Tablets, 5
and 10 mg. The product is
indicated to treat indoor
and outdoor allergies and
provide 24-hour relief
from runny nose; itchy, watery eyes; itchy throat or
nose; and sneezing. Cetirizine Hydrochloride Tablets
will be marketed under store-brand labels and is comparable
with McNeil Consumer Healthcare?s Cetirizine
Hydrochloride Tablets, 5 and 10 mg, which will be
marketed as Zyrtec Tablets, indicated for allergy and
hives relief.


For More Information:www.perrigo.com

ActivaMune

Marketed by:
Berkeley BioSciences Inc (Berkeley, CA)


Indication:
ActivaMune is an advanced
immune support dietary supplement
exclusively licensed from
the University of California at
Berkeley. The product's unique
formula contains nutritional
ingredients that enhance the
immune system and support
multiple organ systems throughout
the body for breast, prostate, cardiovascular,
vision, skin, and colon health. ActivaMune's principal
ingredient, diindolylmethane, has been clinically shown
to promote a healthy estrogen metabolism. The product
is available in 60-count bottles, and the recommended
dose is 2 capsules a day.


For More Information:www.activamune.com
877-777-0719

Topricin

Marketed by:
Topical BioMedics Inc (Rhinebeck, NY)


Indication:
Topricin is a
homeopathic
pain-relief and healing cream that is safe for use on
babies, children, pregnant women, and seniors.
Instead of treating only the pain symptom, Topricin's
transdermal, microdosed medicines go deep to where
the pain originates and stimulate the body's natural
instinct to heal the damage that is causing the pain.
The product contains 11 naturally sourced, homeopathic
medicines that target the injured area, bringing
relief associated with arthritic pain, backaches, bruising,
chronic pain, inflammation, neuropathic pain, and
skin conditions. Topricin is odorless and nongreasy.


For More Information:www.topricin.com
800-537-7246

Maximum Strength Mucinex

Marketed by:
Adams Respiratory Therapeutics Inc
(Chester, NJ)


Indication:
The company is introducing a new line of Mucinex
extended-release bilayer tablets: Maximum Strength
Mucinex (1200 mg guaifenesin), Maximum Strength
Mucinex DM (1200 mg guaifenesin/60 mg dextromethorphan
HBr), and Maximum Strength Mucinex
D (1200 mg guaifenesin/120 mg pseudoephedrine
HCl). All 3 products contain guaifenesin to relieve
chest congestion and thin/loosen mucus for 12 hours.
In addition, Maximum Strength Mucinex DM contains
dextromethorphan for the added benefit of cough
control. Furthermore, Maximum Strength Mucinex D
combines guaifenesin with pseudoephedrine HCI to
provide relief from nasal congestion.


For More Information:www.mucinex.com
866-MUCINEX (866-682-4639)
