Sensodyne Repair & Protect ToothpasteMarketed by: GlaxoSmithKline
Sensodyne Repair & Protect Toothpaste is formulated to form a repairing layer over areas of exposed dentin that can cause sensitivity and pain, while preventing dental cavities. It contains stannous fluoride 0.454% (0.15 w/v fluoride ion) as an anticavity and antihypersensitivity agent. The recommended use for adults and children 12 years and older is to apply at least a 1-inch strip of the product to a soft-bristle toothbrush and to brush the teeth thoroughly for at least 1 minute twice daily. Patients should ensure that they brush all sensitive areas of the teeth.For More Information: http://us.sensodyne.com  Glucerna Advance ShakesMarketed by: Abbott Laboratories, Inc
Glucerna Advance Shakes provide a blend of slowly digestible carbohydrates designed to minimize blood sugar spikes, support blood sugar management, and support heart health. They offer 27 vitamins and minerals, including vitamins A, C, E, and K; calcium; foliate; thiamine; and iron. They are suitable for individuals who are lactose or gluten intolerant. Each shake contains 200 calories, 3 g of fiber, and plant-based phytosterols and omega 3s. Glucerna Advance is available in chocolate and vanilla flavors. A 4-pack of 8-oz shakes costs $8.99.For More Information: www.glucerna.comCarmex Fragrance-Free Everyday Healing Cream
Marketed by: Carma Laboratories, Inc
Carma Laboratories, Inc, announces the introduction of Carmex Fragrance-Free Everyday Healing Cream, an alternative to the company’s fragranced Everyday Healing Cream product. The new fragrance-free cream uses the same ultramoisturizing, nongreasy formulation as the existing product to provide fast-absorbing, long-lasting relief for dry skin. Its ingredients include lanolin and petrolatum to soften dry skin. Carmex Fragrance-Free Everyday Healing Cream is available in 4-oz tubes for a suggested retail price of $5.49 in drugstores and $4.99 in mass-market stores.For More Information: www.mycarmex.com Halls Intense Cool Extra Strong Menthol Flavor Oral Anesthetic Drops
Marketed by: Mondeléz International
Halls Intense Cool Extra Strong Menthol Flavor Oral Anesthetic Drops provides relief for occasional minor irritation and pain associated with sore throat and sore mouth. It is indicated to soothe sore throats and to cool nasal passages, and comes in a resealable zippered bag. The recommended use for adults and children 5 years and older is to dissolve 1 drop slowly in the mouth, repeating every 2 hours as necessary.For More Information: www.gethalls.com
Nature Made Adult Gummies Energy B12
Marketed by: Pharmavite, LLC
Nature Made Adult Gummies Energy B12 contains 1000 mcg of vitamin B12 per serving to help the body convert food to energy and to support cellular energy production. Vitamin B12 supplements are recommended for vegetarians and vegans and patients older than 50 years. Nature Made Adult Gummies Energy B12 feature all-natural wild berry and cherry flavors and contain no synthetic dyes, preservatives, yeast, or gluten. Nature Made Adult Gummies Energy B12 is available at a suggested retail price of $4.87.For More Information: www.naturemade.com
PortionMate
Marketed by: PortionMate
PortionMate provides a portable and simple way of measuring food portions for meals or snacks to assist patients in measuring the proper portions of food. The color-coded cylinders correspond to 1 cup, 3 oz, ¾ cup, ½ cup, 1/3 cup, and 1 oz, and can be placed in a plate or bowl and removed after being filled with food. The cylinders are bisphenol-A free and are constructed from food-grade plastic. They are top-rack dishwasher safe, although hand washing is recommended. PortionMate is not heat safe and should not be used in the microwave.For More Information: www.portionmate.com
Similasan Cough Relief
Marketed by: Similasan USA
Similasan Cough Relief is a homeopathic multisymptom syrup to stimulate the body’s abilities to relieve dry or tickling coughs, fever, and nasal congestion due to cold-related throat or bronchial irritation. The formula does not cause drowsiness, contains 100% natural active ingredients and is free of alcohol, dye, gluten, and artificial flavoring. The active ingredients include Belladonna 6X, Drosera 3X, Laurocerasus 2X, Rumex crispus 4X, Senega officinalis 6X, and Verbascum thapsus 6X. The recommended dose is 5 mL, 3 to 6 times daily, or as directed by a licensed health care professional.For More Information: www.similasanusa.com
