Similasan Kids Allergy Eye ReliefMarketed by: Similasan USA
Similasan Kids Allergy Eye Relief offers temporary relief from itching, burning, and watering eyes caused by allergic reactions to pet dander, pollen, ragweed, and other irritants. The homeopathic formula is designed to stimulate the body’s natural ability to temporarily relieve allergy symptoms. Directions for use for children 2 years and older are to apply as needed, squeezing plastic tip to release 1 to 2 drops in each affected eye.For More Information: www.similasanusa.comCepacol Sensations HydraMarketed by: Reckitt Benckiser
Cepacol Sensations Hydra is designed to offer instant, temporary relief from pain due to sore throats, sore mouths, and minor mouth irritation, and pain associated with canker sores. Each lozenge contains 3 mg benzocaine as an oral pain reliever. Adults and children 5 years and older should allow lozenges to dissolve slowly in the mouth, repeating every 2 hours as needed or as directed by a doctor or dentist. Children younger than 5 years should not use the lozenges.For More Information: www.cepacol.comMucinex Sinus-Mac Pressure & PainMarketed by: Reckitt Benckiser
Mucinex Sinus-Max Pressure & Pain contains 3 maximum strength medicines designed to relieve sinus pressure and congestion, relieve headache, and thin and loosen mucus. Each caplet contains 325 mg acetaminophen as a pain reliever, 200 mg guaifenesin as an expectorant, and 5 mg phenylephrine HCl as a nasal decongestant. The recommended dose for adults and children 12 years and older is 2 caplets every 4 hours, not to exceed 12 caplets in a 24-hour period.For More Information: www.mucinex.comDoseGuardMarketed by: Comar, Inc
Comar created an easy-to-use 2-part system, DoseGuard, to prevent the unintentional ingestion of liquid medications by children. The system consists of a proprietary valved bottle adapter and an oral dispenser. Parents insert the dispenser into the valved bottle adapter to withdraw medicine. After dispensing, the adapter reseals to prevent children and toddlers from gaining unsupervised access to liquid medications. Dispensers are available in 0.5 mL, 1 mL, 3 mL, 5 mL, 10 mL, and 20 mL sizes. Product samples are available.For More Information: www.comar.comNature Made Full Strength Minis Super Omega-3Marketed by: Pharmavite, LLC
Nature Made Full Strength Minis Super Omega-3 contains 780 mg of fish oil, providing 500 mg of omega-3 fatty acids, including EPA and DHA, all packed into the company’s smallest possible softgel. The formula includes fish oil from sardines, mackerel, and anchovies to support heart health by keeping cell membranes flexible and healthy. The recommended dose is 1 softgel taken daily with a meal for optimal absorption.For More Information: www.naturemade.comZarbee's All-Natural Adult Nighttime Cough SyrupMarketed by: Zarbee’s Inc
Zarbee’s All-Natural Adult Nighttime Cough Syrup is designed to offer fast, soothing relief from coughs and irritated throats. It is recommended for coughs, irritated throats, dry coughing, hoarseness, and immune system support for adults and children 12 years and older. It is available in honey lemon flavor and ï¿¼ formula gently exfoliates while 3 essential is drug-, dye-, and gluten-free. It is formulated ï¿¼with dark honeys, zinc, vitamin C, and melatonin. The recommended dose is 2 teaspoons prior to sleep.For More Information: www.zarbees.comAmlactin Cerapeutic Restoring Body LotionMarketed by: Upsher-Smith Laboratories Inc
AmLacting Cerapeutic Restoring Body Lotion uses alpha-hydroxy ceramide therapy designed to repair extremely rough, dry, flaky skin. It is also formulated to renew, heal, and replenish skin while protecting it from additional moisture loss. The intensely hydrating Ultraplex formula gently exfoliates while 3 essential ceramides quickly strengthen the skin's protective moisture barrier. AmLactin Cerapeutic Restoring Body Lotion is formulated to be fragrance-free and long-lasting. It comes in a 7.9-oz container.For More Information: www.amlactin.comCortizone-10 Poison Ivy Relief PadsMarketed by: Chattem Inc
Cortizone-10 Poison Ivy Relief Pads are formulated to provide relief from the itching, irritation, inflammation, and rashes that can occur after exposure to poison ivy, poison oak, or poison sumac. Pads contain hydrocortisone 1% to relieve itching, as well as oat extract, aloe, and botanicals. The product can be applied to affected areas up to 3 to 4 times daily. Patients should gently dab the affected area and rub the product into the skin until thoroughly absorbed.For More Information: www.cortizone10.comTom’s of Maine Wicked Cool! ToothpasteMarketed by: Tom’s of Maine
Tom’s of Maine Wicked Cool! Toothpaste is designed specifically for children 8 years and older, with a mild mint taste to help them transition from fruit-flavored children’s toothpaste to the stronger mint flavors found in adult toothpaste. It contains no artificial dyes, sweeteners, or flavors, and is also available in a formula without fluoride. It is designed to fight cavities and strengthen enamel and is available for a suggested retail price of $3.29 per tube.For More Information: www.tomsofmaine.comRescue Remedy Rescue PearlsMarketed by: Bach Flower Remedies Ltd
Rescue Remedy introduces Rescue Pearls, the newest addition to its family of stress relief products. Rescue Pearls are dissolvable gel capsules that quickly release 1 dose of Rescue Remedy’s natural formula designed to relieve occasional stress. Each pearl contains helianthemum nummularium, clematis vitalba, impatiens glandulifera, prunus cerasifera, and ornithogalum umbellatum. Adults and children 12 years and older should place 1 capsule on the tongue and allow it to dissolve. Additional capsules may be taken as needed.For More Information: www.rescueremedy.comCarmex Ultra Smooth Pomegranate Lip Balm StickMarketed by: Carma Labs Inc
Carmex Ultra Smooth Pomegranate Lip Balm Stick is a water-resistant, smooth-glide balm designed to moisturize and protect lips. The new lip balm contains a combination of 9 moisturizers that glide on without a greasy feeling. It contains broad spectrum SPF 15 sunscreen to shield lips from the elements. It also contains vitamin E as an antioxidant to prevent premature aging and aloe to soothe and heal sensitive lips. The suggested retail price is $1.59.For More Information: http://www.mycarmex.comTricalmMarketed by: Cosmederm Bioscience
TriCalm is a steroid-free OTC gel designed to stop the itching, burning, and stinging associated with bug bites, poison ivy, hives, sunburn pain, and allergy-induced rashes. It is designed to selectively block nerves that cause itching. It is steroid-free and can be reapplied as often as necessary on adults and children 2 years and older, and has been tested to be safe and effective for long-term use. It is currently available at Walgreens, CVS, Kerr Drug Stores, and other retailers.For More Information: www.tricalm.comDi-Gel Antacid and Antacid/AntigasMarketed by: di-gel Products, LLC
Di-gel offers antacid and combination antacid and antigas formulas to relieve heartburn, sour stomach, acid indigestion, pressure, bloating, and other gastrointestinal symptoms. Its antacid and antigas formula is available in regular and maximum strength liquids containing aluminum hydroxide, magnesium hydroxide, and simethicone, and in regular strength tablets containing calcium carbonate, magnesium hydroxide, and simethicone. Di-gel’s antacid formula contains calcium carbonate and magnesium hydroxide, and is available in tablets.For More Information: www.godigel.com
