Selsun Blue Deep Cleansing Micro-Bead Scrub 

	Marketed by: Sanofi-aventis (Bridgewater, NJ) and Chattem Inc (Chattanooga, TN)

	Indication: Selsun Blue Deep Cleansing Micro-Bead Scrub contains maximum-strength salicylic acid to help control flaking and itching. Its microcleansing beads provide scrubbing action for a deep-clean feeling and can help stop flakes before they happen by targeting the source of dandruff. Selsun Blue is available in an 11-oz bottle at most major drugstores.

	For More Information: www.selsunblue.com

	Nature Made Prenatal DHa liquid Softgels

	Marketed by: Nature Made (Mission Hills, CA) 

	Indication: Nature Made Prenatal DHA Liquid SoftGels provide multiple nutrients in a single dosage for women who are pregnant or nursing. The product contains 200 mg DHA, which supports fetal brain and eye development, and folic acid, which can reduce the risk of brain and spinal cord defects in infants. It contains no artificial flavors, preservatives, yeast, starch, or gluten, and is available in 30-count and 60-count bottles.

	For More Information: www.naturemade.com

	Omega Water 

	Marketed by: Nature’s Way Purewater Systems Inc (Pittstown, PA) and Mycell Techonologies (Paramus, NJ)

	Indication: Omega Water is a flavored drink that contains 100 mg of omega- 3 and 6 daily vitamins to help improve cognitive function and promote cardiovascular health. Omega Water has no calories, is sugar free, and is available in 4 flavors: Lemon Squeeze, Orange Splash, Fruit Fusion, and Berry Breeze. The product is sold at Duane Reade stores throughout New York City for a suggested price of $1.99, and is also available at Wegmans, Hy-Vee, and Roundy’s.

	For More Information: www.omegawater.com

	Theraveda Immune Support 

	Marketed by: Organix-South (Bowling Green, FL)

	Indication: Made with organic herbs, TheraVeda Immune Support is designed to support healthy immune system function and boost energy levels by utilizing the body’s natural defenses. It contains turmeric, an antioxidant designed to support inflammation response; ginger, which promotes healthy digestion; and neem, which is rich in antioxidants. The capsules are gluten-free and contain no preservatives or artificial flavors, and no corn, soy, salt, yeast, sugar, wheat, egg, or dairy products. It is recommended that users take 1 to 2 capsules with food or water.

	For More Information: www.organixsouth.com

	Nutra-Support Energy 

	Marketed by: Carlson Labs (Arlington Heights, IL)

	Indication: Nutra-Support Energy contains vitamin E, vitamin B, omega-3, and niacin to fight fatigue and tiredness and boost energy levels. The product does not contain caffeine or sugar, and is designed to help users feel more energized and focused through the day. It is available in 60-count and 120-count bottles.

	For More Information: www.goldbondultimate.com

	Bed Buddy Warming Bear 

	Marketed by: Carex Health Brands (Sioux Falls, SD)

	Indication: Part of the TheraTherapy line of products from Carex, Bed Buddy Bear provides comfort and targeted heat to help reduce aches and pains associated with arthritis, fibromyalgia, back problems, earaches, toothaches, and stiff necks. It is made with 100% natural materials, and can be frozen to create a cold pack or placed in the microwave to provide heat that lasts for up to an hour. The Bed BuddyWarming Bear is available online and at select stores for a suggested retail price of $19.99.

	For More Information: www.carex.com

	Tears Again advanced Liposome Spray 

	Marketed by: OCuSOFT Inc (Richmond, TX) 

	Indication: Tears Again Advanced Liposome Spray delivers water, lipids, and vitamins A, C, and E to help moisturize dry, irritated eyelids and protect against moisture loss. The product, which is recommended for individuals that have trouble instilling eye drops, is designed to provide relief from computer vision syndrome and reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles around the eyes and eyelids. It is available at CVS, Harmon, and Kerr Drug Stores.

	For More Information: www.tearsagainspray.com

	Rembrandt Deeply White Peroxide Fresh Mint Toothpaste 

	Marketed by: Johnson & Johnson Consumer Companies, Inc (New Brunswick, NJ)

	Indication: Rembrandt Deeply White toothpaste is formulated with a rapid-release peroxide to provide immediate whitening and safely restore enamel. The product, which is also available in a Winter Mint flavor, is designed to help remove stains while leaving the mouth feeling clean. The Rembrandt Deeply White product line also features a Peroxide Mouthwash. Both products retail for around $6.99.

	For More Information: www.rembrandt.com

	Similasan Kids Cough Relief 

	Marked by: Similasan USA (Highlands Ranch, CO)

	Indication: Kids Cough Relief is a homeopathic cough syrup that uses natural ingredients to relieve the symptoms of cough, including dry cough, spasmodic cough, hacking cough, hoarse throat, and nighttime cough, and hoarseness due to colds. Children aged 2 to 12 years can take 2.5 mL every 4 hours, and those 12 years and older can take 5 mL every 4 hours. The product does not contain alcohol or dyes, and should be kept out of the reach of children. Similasan also introduced Kids Cold & Mucus Relief, an expectorant that can provide relief for common cold symptoms.

	For More Information: www.similasanusa.com

	Gold Bond Ultimate Sheer Ribbons Body Lotion 

	Marketed by: Sanofiaventis (Bridgewater, NJ) and Chattem Inc (Chattanooga, TN)

	Indication: Developed specifically for women, Gold Bond Ultimate Sheer Ribbons Body Lotion features a blend of hydrating moisturizers designed to replenish and soften the skin. Sheer Ribbons is available in 2 formulas: Silk Softness, which features an apricot scent, and Pearl Radiance, which features a light citrus scent. The product is sold at most drugstores nationwide.

	For More Information: www.goldbondultimate.com
