HOT OTCBayer Quick Release Crystals Marketed by: Bayer Consumer Care (Morristown, NJ), a division of Bayer HealthCare LLC Indication: Bayer Quick Release Crystals are intended for individuals seeking fast pain relief. The product contains 850 mg of aspirin and 65 mg of caffeine per dose. The powder composition allows the product to dissolve faster than tablets, and the caffeine aids in the action of the aspirin for pain relief. Bayer Quick Release Crystals are recommended for adults and children aged 12 and older. Individuals should take the contents of 1 powder pouch every 6 hours as needed. For More Information: www.wonderdrug.com 800-331-4536
 

 
CarbGestMarketed by: Enzymedica Inc (Port Charlotte, FL) Indication: CarbGest is an enzyme supplement formulated to support healthy phenol and carbohydrate digestion. The supplement provides phenol-targeting enzymes, such as xylanase, to enhance the digestion of phenolic compounds in fruits, vegetables, nuts, grains, and food additives. CarbGest contains a blend of carbohydrase (amylase) enzymes to aid the breakdown and assimilation of carbohydrates in the diet. The product uses the company’s exclusive Thera-blend process for the enzymes protease, lipase, amylase, and cellulase. This process blends several different strains of each enzyme to achieve greater activity over a broader pH range. Available in 60-count bottles, CarbGest retails for $29.98. For More Information: www.enzymedica.com
 
Children’s Chestal Honey Marketed by: Boiron (Newtown Square, PA) Indication: Children’s Chestal Honey is a homeopathic multicough formula to relieve all types of coughs due to minor throat and bronchial irritation that may occur with a cold, including dry, wet, croupy, night, and day coughs. The cough syrup works naturally to loosen phlegm and thin bronchial secretions to make coughs more productive. Additionally, Children’s Chestal Honey uses honey as a base to soothe the throat. Safe for children aged 2 years and older, the 8.45-oz bottle retails for $11.99, and the 4.2-oz bottle retails for $6.99. For More Information: www.boironusa.com 800-BOIRON-1 (800-264-7661)
 
Omega Longevity Marketed by: Nordic Naturals (Watsonville, CA) Indication: Omega Longevity—purified fish oil high in omega-3 fatty acids combined with the 2 antioxidants resveratrol and green tea extract—targets nutritional support for healthy aging. Omega Longevity offers 445 mg eicosapentaenoic acid, 315 mg docosahexaenoic acid, 120 mg resveratrol, and 500 mg green tea extract per 2–soft-gel serving. By combining the benefits of fish oil with these powerful antioxidants, the product helps protect the cells from damage associated with aging, neutralizes harmful free radicals, optimizes cell membrane fluidity, and supports long-term physical and cognitive health for optimal aging. Omega Longevity is available in 60-count bottles. For More Information: www.nordicnaturals.com 800-662-2544
 
 
Histame Marketed by: Naturally Vitamins (Phoenix, AZ) Indication: Histame is a dietary supplement formula for individuals who experience food intolerance. It is estimated that up to 25% of the population deals with food intolerance. Food intolerance or histamine intolerance is an adverse reaction to foods rich in histamine due to a deficiency of the body’s digestive enzyme, diamine oxidase (DAO). Effects can range from common digestive problems, including abdominal pain and spasms, diarrhea, constipation and flatulence, to facial flushing, headaches, nasal congestion, skin rash, and itching. The product’s active ingredient, DAO, has been acknowledged by the FDA as a new dietary ingredient. The recommended dose of Histame is 1 to 2 capsules within 15 minutes of consuming histamine-rich foods/substances known to cause food intolerance. For More Information: www.histame.com 800-899-4499
 
Pill Glide Marketed by: FLAVORx Inc (Columbia, MD) Indication: Pill Glide was developed by a pharmacist looking for a solution for patients who complained about trouble swallowing medications. The swallowing aid is a water-based liquid that is sprayed directly into the mouth. The spray coats the tongue and back of the mouth, helping pills, tablets, and capsules easily slide down the throat. Pill Glide is offered in 5 flavors: grape, bubblegum, strawberry, orange, and peach. All flavor variations of Pill Glide are sugar-free, diabetic-safe, hypoallergenic, and do not contain oils. For More Information: www.pillglide.com 866-370-2337
 
 
 
Vagisil Satin Marketed by: Combe Inc (White Plains, NY) Indication: Vagisil Satin is a fast-absorbing creme that provides quick and long-lasting relief from itch and irritation as it soothes and helps heal the skin. Available in an easy-to-use and discreet pump, Vagisil Satin contains 1% hydrocortisone acetate and provides 12 hours of relief from itch, discomfort, and distraction. For More Information: www.vagisil.com 800-431-2610

RepHresh Pro-B Marketed by: Lil’ Drug Store Products (Cedar Rapids, IA) Indication: RepHresh Pro-B is an oral probiotic feminine supplement that contains 2 probiotic strains, Lactobacillus rhamnosus GR-1 and L reuteri RC-14, clinically shown to balance yeast and bacteria to maintain feminine health. The recommended dose of RepHresh Pro-B is 1 capsule a day. For More Information: www.rephreshprob.com 877-507-6516
 
Boy or Girl Gender Prediction Test Marketed by: IntelliGender (Plano, TX) Indication: The Boy or Girl Gender Prediction Test is a simple urine analysis similar to the pregnancy test. The test uses the first morning urine and a proprietary mix of chemicals, which reacts with a combination of hormones to indicate the gender of the baby. Once the urine is collected and inserted into the test vessel, swirl rapidly in a circular motion, and place the test on a flat surface undisturbed for 10 minutes. After 10 minutes, read the test at eye level, and match the color to the boy or girl color chart on the test vessel. The test can be performed as early as 10 weeks (6 weeks from the first day of the missed period). For More Information: www.intelligender.com

Hyland’s Teething Gel Marketed by: Hyland’s Inc (Los Angeles, CA) Indication: The company recently announced an improved version of Hyland’s Teething Gel in a paraben-free preservative base. This formula provides parents with an easy-to-use, all-natural topical application to soothe the pain, restlessness, and irritability due to infant teething. The homeopathic formula contains no numbing benzocaine, sugar, artificial flavoring, dyes, or coloring agents. Hyland’s Teething Gel is now available in a new 0.5-oz tube. For More Information: www.hylandsteething.com 800-624-9659
