HOT OTC 

	

	Lindi Skin Face Serum 

	Marketed by: Lindi Skin (Narberth, PA)

	Indication: Available in a light citrus or lavender scent, Lindi Face Serum contains botanicals, antioxidants, and vitamins to deliver moisture to compromised skin on the face, neck, chest, back, and scalp. The product is allergy tested and nonirritating, and begins to restore the skin immediately. Lindi Face Serum can be used as often as needed, and for best results should be applied after washing the face. It is available in a 1 fl oz/30 ml bottle.

	For More Information: www.lindiskin.com; 1-800-380-4704 

	

	Metamucil Pink Lemonade 

	Marketed by: Procter & Gamble (Cincinnati, OH)

	Indication: For patients who struggle to get a sufficient amount of fiber in their diet, Metamucil Pink Lemonade provides 3 g of fiber per serving with a sweet lemonade flavor. With 100% natural psyllium fiber, Metamucil helps ease constipation for patients while causing no excess gas. The pink lemonade–flavored power is sugar free, and can be added to at least 8 oz of water at the first sign of irregularity. It is available in 48-, 72-, and 114-dose canisters.

	For More Information: www.metamucil.com

	

	Theraneem Nail & Cuticle Oil 

	Marketed by: Organix-South (Bowling Green, FL)

	Indication: TheraNeem Nail & Cuticle Oil combines organic neem leaf and neem seed oil with other ingredients, including cocoa seed butter and vitamin E, to create an antioxidant-rich blend that can help support healthy, strong nails while softening the cuticles. The product can be used several times a day as needed, and can be used in combination with hand cream to moisturize the skin and protect the nails and cuticles from damage. TheraNeem Nail & Cuticle Oil is available in a 0.5-fl oz bottle with a pump or in a 0.17-fl oz nail applicator pen with a brush.

	For More Information: http://organixsouth.com

	

	Ridvantage Lice Comb and Rid Complete Lice Elimination Kit 

	Marketed by: Bayer HealthCare LLC (Morristown, NJ)

	Indication: The RIDvantage Lice Comb can make the process of combing out lice and their eggs faster and easier through its patented diamond-shaped tines, which create additional friction, resulting in a scraping effect to help remove lice and their eggs. The Comb is intended for use with RID Lice Killing Shampoo with the active ingredients piperonyl butoxide (4%) and pyrethrum extract (equivalent to 0.33% pyrethrins), and may be purchased separately or as part of the Complete Lice Elimination Kit.

	For More Information: www.ridlice.com, 1-800-RID-LICE

	

	Crest 3D White 2-Hour Express WhiteStrips 

	Marketed by: Procter & Gamble (Cincinnati, OH)

	Indication: Coated with a peroxide-infused gel designed to conform to the shape of the user’s teeth, Crest 3D White 2-Hour Express Whitestrips can help achieve a whiter smile that lasts for up to 3 months. It features an improved lower strip for more whitening coverage, and uses advanced seal technology that prevents slips and allows patients to drink water while whitening. Each kit contains 4 treatments.

	For More Information: www.crestprohealth.com

	

	Life’s-Trio Dietary Supplement 

	Marketed by: EuroPharma (Green Bay, WI)

	Indication: Life’s-Trio offers a convenient way to incorporate nutrients into the diet without having to take additional tablets or capsules. The lignan-rich crushed flax seed powder—which contains a triple blend of plant sterols, potassium, and calcium—can be added to cereal, yogurt, smoothies, or other foods and beverages to help improve heart, digestion, bone, and cellular immune health. Each box contains 30 servings (of 10 g each) of the supplement.

	For More Information: www.europharmausa.com

	

	Raw Probiotics Men 

	Marketed by: Garden of Life (West Palm Beach, FL)

	Indication: Specifically formulated for men, RAW ProbioticsMen delivers vitamins, minerals, and prebiotics to support immunity during exercise and physical exertion. The product is designed to maintain microbial balance by promoting healthy bacteria in the gut; relieve occasional gas and constipation; support nutrient absorption and assimilation; and provide dairy-digesting enzymes to help break down lactose and casein. Each bottle contains 90 capsules.

	For More Information: www.gardenoflife.com

	

	Little Colds Honey Elixir

	Marketed by: Prestige Brands, Inc (Irvington, NY)

	Indication: Little Colds Honey Elixir is a nonmedicated treatment for cough and sore throat that contains honey and other ingredients for a sweet taste that is easier for children to tolerate. It is gluten-free and does not contain any alcohol, saccharin, or dyes. The recommended dose is 1 teaspoon every 2 to 4 hours for toddlers aged 1 to 4 years. Children older than 4 years can take a dose of 2 teaspoons.

	For More Information: www.littleremedies.com

	

	Nordic Naturals Kenai Wild Alaskan Salmon Oil

	Marketed by: Nordic Naturals (Watsonville, CA)

	Indication: Kenai Wild Alaskan Salmon Oil now is in a liquid form that contains up to 23 different omega fatty acids, including omegas 3, 5, 6, 7, 9, and 11. The nonconcentrated fish oil contains the antioxidant astaxanthin, which is naturally abundant in wild salmon, and provides more than 500 mg of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid in each serving. Kenai Wild Alaskan Salmon Oil liquid is available at natural health stores and retailers nationwide.

	For More Information: www.nordicnaturals.com

	

	New Chapter Perfect Energy

	Marketed by: New Chapter (Brattleboro, VT)

	Indication: Perfect Energy is an organic multivitamin herbal and nutrient formula designed for adults seeking enhanced energy, performance, and endurance. It uses herbs such as maca and ginseng to boost energy without the crash of traditional stimulants, and provides antioxidants that help optimize mitochondrial energy production by decreasing muscle soreness and promoting recovery following physical exertion. Available in bottle sizes of 36 or 72 tablets, Perfect Energy is 100% vegetarian and contains no artificial flavors or colors. It can be taken on an empty stomach.

	For More Information: www.newchapter.com
