Children’s Chestal Cold & CoughMarketed by: Boiron USA
Children’s Chestal Cold & Cough targets symptoms of a common cold, including nasal and chest congestion, cough, runny or stuffy nose, sneezing, and minor sore throat. The homeopathic formula is meant to help loosen phlegm and thin bronchial secretions to make coughs more productive. The recommended dose for children ages 2 to 12 years is 10 mL (2 teaspoons) every 2 hours. Children’s Chestal Cold & Cough is not recommended for children younger than 2 years. It is available through natural product stores and independent pharmacies. The suggested retail price for 6.7 fluid ounces is $10.99.For More Information: www.childrenschestal.com; www.boironusa.com
 
Similasan Mucus Relief Multi-Symptom SyrupMarketed by: Similasan USA
Similasan introduces Mucus Multi-Symptom Syrup, a homeopathic expectorant syrup. It is formulated to stimulate the body’s ability to temporarily relieve symptoms of a common cold, while also relieving mucus congestion, cough, fever, and chest congestion. Active ingredients include Antimonium sulphuratum aureum, Kali iodatum, and Senega officinalis. The recommended dose for adults is 5 mL every 4 hours, or as directed by a health care professional.For More Information: www.similasanusa.com
 Nature Made CholestOff PlusMarketed by: Pharmavite LLC
CholestOff Plus is made with esterified sterols and stanols to lower the low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol level in conjunction with lifestyle changes. It is formulated to provide 900 mg of plant sterols per 2-softgel serving. The softgels contain no synthetic dyes, artificial colors, preservatives, yeast or starch, or gluten. The recommended dose is 2 softgels twice daily with a glass of water or other beverage during the patient’s largest meals. Patients should exercise caution when using CholestOff in conjunction with statin drugs.For More Information: www.naturemade.com
 RolaidsMarketed by: Chattem, a Sanofi company
Sanofi US and its consumer health business Chattem, Inc, have re-introduced Rolaids to stores across the United States, following a 3-year hiatus from the marketplace. The release follows Chattem’s acquisition of Rolaids earlier this year. Rolaids will be available in retail stores in tablets and a new liquid form. Available formulations include regular-strength tablets and liquid, extra-strength tablets, and ultra-strength tablets and liquid. Rolaids products are indicated for the relief of heartburn, sour stomach, and acid indigestion.For More Information: www.rolaids.comGeritol MultivitaminMarketed by: Meda Consumer Healthcare
Geritol Multivitamin provides all essential vitamins and minerals in 1 tablet, in the correct formulations to avoid vitamin mega-dosing. It is formulated with antioxidants to support the immune system, B vitamins to provide energy, and vitamin D to provide bone health support. It also contains close to the recommended daily allowances of vitamins A, C, D, E, niacin, and folic acid. Geritol Multivitamins can be found in the vitamin section of major retailers and drugstores. The suggested retail price for a 100-count bottle is $11.99For More Information: www.geritol.comRobitussin Maximum Strength Cough + Chest Congestion DMMarketed by: Pfizer Consumer Health Care
Robitussin Maximum Strength Cough + Chest Congestion DM offers a portable, liquid-filled capsule to relieve cough due to minor throat and bronchial irritation that may occur with a cold and to help loosen phlegm and thin bronchial secretions to drain bronchial tubes. It contains dextromethorphan HBr USP 10 mg as a cough suppressant and guaifenesin USP 200 mg as an expectorant. The recommended dose for adults and children 12 years and older is 2 capsules every 4 hours. It should not be used in children younger than 12 years.For More Information: www.robitussin.comSenzzzzz Away Tooth DesensitizerMarketed by: Majestic Drug Company, Inc
Senzzzzz Away Tooth Desensitizer is designed to instantly relieve tooth sensitivity to cold, hot, and sweet stimuli. It is a single-dose dental gel meant to relieve tooth sensitivity with a single application and offers immediate and long-term relief that can last up to 6 months after application. A single unit dose provides enough medicine to treat all the teeth in a patient’s mouth. The manufacturer’s suggested retail price for a single-unit dispenser is $5.99. It is available at drug stores, supermarkets, and mass-market retailers nationwide.For More Information: www.SenzzzzzAway.com
