Halls Defense Dietary Supplement DropsMarketed by: Kraft Foods (Northfield, IL)Indication: Halls Defense Dietary Supplement Drops each deliver 30 mg of vitamin C and 7.5 IU of vitamin E to help maintain healthy cells. The 5-calorie drops are sugar free, but contain sucralose as a sweetener. The recommended dose is 1 drop as a dietary supplement for adults, although more can be taken. Patients with diabetes should be advised that 8 drops equal 1 fruit according to the American Diabetes Association and American Dietetic Association criteria. The drops are not suitable for children younger than 4 years, as they present a choking hazard.For More Information: www.gethalls.comPremama Prenatal Drink MixMarketed by: Premama Inc (Providence, RI)Indication: Premama Prenatal Drink Mix offers a new vitamin supplement option for pregnant women who dislike typical pill-form supplements. Instead, these patients can get their nutrients in a flavorless vitamin drink. The formula includes vitamin D3, biotin, folic acid, iron, calcium, magnesium, choline, coenzyme Q10, ginger root powder, and vitamins B2, B6, and B12. A daily serving of the mix should be consumed in 2 equally divided doses. The powder can be added to juice, milk, or iced tea, and should be consumed within 5 minutes of mixing.For More Information: www.drinkpremama.comLuden's Kiwi Strawberry Moisture DropsMarketed by: Prestige Brands Inc (Irvington, NY)Indication: Luden’s adds a new moisturizing throat drop to its line of cough and cold products. The drops are indicated for temporary relief of irritated areas in the mouth and throat and can also be used for relief of occasional dry mouth. Each drop contains 2.8 mg of pectin as an oral demulcent. Patients should consult a physician if a sore throat is severe, lasts more than 2 days, or is accompanied by a fever, headache, rash, swelling, nausea, or vomiting.For More Information: http://ludens.comNature Made VitaMelts Vitamin CMarketed by: Pharmavite LLC (Mission Hills, CA)Indication: Nature Made VitaMelts Vitamin C supplies 100% of the recommended daily allowance of vitamin C in a quick dissolving tablet. Each tablet contains 60 mg of vitamin C, the recommended dose is 1 tablet, and tablets can be taken up to 8 times per day. VitaMelts Vitamin C tablets are available in juicy orange flavor. Patients who take anticoagulants, including warfarin, should be cautioned that vitamin C may decrease their effectiveness.For More Information: www.naturemade.comAct Total Care Sensitive FormulaMarketed by: Chattem Inc (Chattanooga, TN)Indication: Chattem Inc introduces Act Total Care Sensitive Formula, a non-burning, non-irritating mouthwash that kills bad breath germs and strengthens teeth without irritating sore mouths. The mouthwash contains 0.02% sodium fluoride as an active ingredient to fortify teeth. It is formulated without alcohol to prevent burning sensation, although it is not indicated for relief of sensitive teeth, oral pain, or gum disease. It also contains natural botanicals meant to be gentle on sore mouths. The formula is available in mild mint and tropical breeze flavors.For More Information: www.actfluoride.comEnsure ClearMarketed by: Abbott Nutrition (Columbus, OH)Indication: Ensure Clear offers an alternative to Abbott Nutrition’s traditional nutrition supplement shakes. The fruit-flavored beverage contains 9 grams of protein—3 times that of most juices—to support muscle maintenance. Ensure Clear is also fortified with 21 vitamins and minerals, including vitamins A, C, D, E, K, B6, B12, iron, thiamine, and riboflavin. A 10-ounce bottle contains 180 calories and no fat. It is available in blueberry pomegranate and peach flavors. The suggested retail price is $7.99 for a 4-pack of bottles.For More Information: http://ensure.comChildren's Robitussin Cough & Cold CFMarketed by: Pfizer Consumer Healthcare (Madison, NJ)Indication: Children’s Robitussin Cough & Cold CF is indicated for the treatment of nasal congestion, stuffy nose, and cough resulting from minor throat and bronchial irritation. The grape-flavored liquid also helps loosen phlegm and thin bronchial secretions to drain bronchial tubes. The recommended dosage is 1 teaspoon every 4 hours for children aged 4 to 6 years, 2 teaspoons every 4 hours for children aged 6 to 12 years, and 4 teaspoons every 4 hours for adults and children 12 years and older. It is not recommended for use by children younger than 4 years.For More Information: www.robitussin.comDr. Mehta's Ear Wax Removal Complete KitMarketed by: NeilMed Pharmaceuticals Inc (Santa Rosa, CA)Indication: The kit contains sufficient ear wax removal drops, ear plugs, and removal rinse for 10 ear treatments. Product instructions recommend placing 10 drops into each ear canal, letting the drops remain there for 10 minutes— either by keeping the head tilted or by inserting earplugs—and rinsing the ear canals with the removal rinse. The kit should not be used more than twice per week and should not be used if the eardrum is injured or perforated.For More Information: www.neilmed.comCrest 3D White Vivid Toothpaste
Marketed by: Procter & Gamble (Cincinnati, OH)Indication: Procter & Gamble introduces Crest 3D White Vivid Toothpaste, which whitens teeth by removing surface stains. It uses a dual-action silica system to gently polish away surface stains while preventing cavities. It is formulated as a paste-gel hybrid to clean like a paste with the freshness of a gel. Its foaming action allows whitening agents to fully surround the teeth and access the spaces between them. It is available at major retailers, supermarkets, and pharmacies.For More Information: www.3dwhite.comAquaphor Lip Repair + ProtectMarketed by: Beiersdorf Inc (Wilton, CT)Indication: Aquaphor Lip Repair + Protect is designed to relieve dryness and soothe chapped or severely dry lips and protect against UVA and UVB rays. It is made without fragrances, dyes, or preservatives, so it does not irritate sensitive skin. The formula includes petrolatum as a skin protectant, shea butter to increase elasticity, glycerin to hydrate, castor seed oil to moisturize, panthenol as a skin conditioner, and vitamins C and E as antioxidants. It has a suggested retail price of $4.49 for a 0.35-ounce tube.For More Information: www.aquaphorhealing.com
