Salonpas Massage Foam

	Marketed by: Hisamitsu (Florham Park, NJ

	Indication: Hisamitsu introduced Salonpas Massage Foam, a topical pain reliever that is an alternative to OTC pain pills. The foam combines menthol to provide quick pain relief and the NSAID methyl salicylate to fight inflammation and control pain over a longer period of time. It provides temporary relief of minor muscle aches and joint pain from strains, sprains, bruises, simple backaches, or arthritis. The foam is a nondrip, quick-drying formula for arms, hands, legs, feet, and other still joints. It is available at Rite Aid, CVS, Walgreens, and other retailers. The suggested retail price for 4 fluid ounces is $9.99.

	For More Information: www.salonpas.us
	 

	
	ScarAway Silicone Scar Sheets

	Marketed by: Mitchell-Vance (Guilford, CT)

	Indication: Mitchell-Vance’s ScarAway Silicon Scar Sheets use patented, medical-grade technology to shrink, flatten, and fade hypertrophic and keloid scars for non-invasive, drug-free treatment. The washable sheets can be applied directly to scars, regardless of whether the scar is old or new. Each fabric-backed sheet is washable and lasts about 1 week, though it should be removed before bathing or showering. ScarAway Sheets can be used on any skin tone, are nongreasy, and do not stain or stick to clothing.

	For More Information: www.myscaraway.com
	 

	
	Apex Medication Station

	Marketed by: Carex Health Brands (Norwell, MA)

	Indication: Apex’s Medication Station helps patients keep their pills and dosages contained and organized to encourage compliance with their medication regime. The station places two 7-day medication organizers alongside a pill splitter, allowing patients to keep several aspects of medication management together. The medication compartments feature Carex’s Bubble-Lok technology for easy opening and the pill splitter has a blade guard. Parts are removable to allow for traveling or cleaning and are held together on a no-slip base. The Medication Station is available at select retailers, independent pharmacies, and online for a suggested retail price of $9.99.

	For More Information: www.carex.comContour Next EZ

	Marketed by: Bayer Healthcare (Tarrytown, NY)

	Indication: Contour Next EZ, a blood glucose monitoring meter, has been cleared for use in the United States. The meter features a high signal-to-noise ratio, allowing it to give accurate readings of blood glucose even at low blood glucose levels. The technology ensures the machine remains accurate under a wide range of storage conditions, corrects for common errors, and is not affected by hematocrit or other substances that interfere with readings. The system is expected to be available in summer 2012.

	For More Information: www.bayercontour.com
	 

	
	Eye Science Macular Health Formula

	Marketed by: EyeScience (Columbus, OH)

	Indication: EyeScience’s Macular Health Formula was designed to help protect against the effects of age-related eye diseases, particularly age-related macular degeneration (AMD). It includes nutrients meant to promote retinal health, such as omega-3, lutein, selenium, and grape seed extract and is specifically formulated for AMD. The recommended dosage is 2 capsules daily, preferably with food, although patients should follow their physician’s directions. It is available EyeScience.com, through participating eye care professionals, and CVS and Rite Aid pharmacies.

	For More information: www.eyescience.com
	 

	
	Purell Advanced

	Marketed by: GoJo Industries (Akron, OH)

	Indication: GoJo Industries has added Purell Advanced Instant Hand Sanitizer to its line of on-the-go germ killers. The new formulation kills germs with less product, while being gentle on hands. It contains 4 different skin conditioners to sooth skin and maintain moisture levels, even with frequent use. Purell Advanced is available in gel or foam formulations, with several dispensing options. It is offered in original, aloe, and skin-nourishing formulas. The 8- and 2-fluid ounce pump bottles come in aloe, refreshing gel, SpongeBob Splash, and Ocean Kiss formulas. Purell Advanced products are available at retailers or online at drugstore.com.

	For More Information: www.purell.com/purelladvanced.aspxNeosporin Eczema Essentials Daily Moisturizing Cream

	Marketed by: Johnson & Johnson Consumer Healthcare (Skillman, NJ)

	Indication: Johnson & Johnson introduces a moisturizing cream for individuals who suffer from eczema or atopic dermatitis to help restore visibly healthy skin. The cream contains a RELIPID formula with lipids, humectants, emollients, and botanicals meant to soothe irritation and strengthen and restore skin’s barrier function. It also contains colloidal oatmeal to help relieve dryness, itch, and irritation. The formula is fragrance and steroid free, contains no antibiotics, and is gentle enough for daily use. It is available in the first aid aisle of food, drug, and mass market retail stores, and has a suggested retail price of $13.99 for 6 ounces.

	For More Information: www.neosporin.com/essentials/skin-solutions
	 

	Gum Star Wars Toothbrushes

	Marketed by: Sunstar Americas, Inc (Chicago, IL)

	Indication: Sunstar Americas, Inc has launched a line of children’s toothbrushes in characters from the popular Star Wars franchise. The line contains manual toothbrushes, LED Lightsaber toothbrushes that flash at 60-second intervals, and power toothbrushes. Manual toothbrushes are available as Clone Captain Rex, Yoda, Darth Vader, and Anakin Skywalker. Lightsaber toothbrushes are available as Yoda, Darth Vader and Anakin Skywalker. Power toothbrushes, which have oscillating bristles, are available as Darth Vader and Clone Captain Rex.

	For More Information: www.gumbrand.com
	 

	
	Ultimate Cleanse

	Marketed by: Supplement RX (West Jordan, UT)

	Indication: Ultimate Cleanse is designed to revitalize the body’s lymphatic system by removing impurities. It is meant to detoxify the body and promote weight loss, allowing the body to effectively absorb necessary nutrients. The formula contains soy protein, betatene, inulin, alpha-lipoic acid, quercetin, ginkgo, and l-glutamine, and should be used alongside nutritious food and lots of water. The cleanse should be taken twice daily, prior to meals, over a 15-day period, and should be repeated at 3-month intervals. It is available through select gyms and personal trainers, and can also be ordered online.

	For More information: www.supplementrx.com
	 

	Preparation H Totables Wipes
Marketed by: Pfizer Consumer Healthcare (New York, NY)

	Indication: Preparation H Totables Wipes is a 10-count pack of medicated hemorrhoid relief wipes, designed for discreet and convenient hemorrhoid treatment when away from home. The wipes allow for gentle cleansing of external hemorrhoids and can be used up to 6 times per day or after bowel movements. The wipes can precede the use of topical hemorrhoid treatments and can also be used for vaginal care or as a 15-minute compress. The wipes are flushable and contain witch hazel 50% and aloe. Preparation H Totables Wipes can be purchased at most retail shops, or online through Amazon.com, BJ’s, CVS, Drugstore.com, Mejier, Kmart, Rite Aid, Walmart, and Walgreens.

	For More information: www.preparationh.com
