HOT OTC 

	

	Little Colds Honey Elixir 

	Marketed by: Prestige Brands, Inc (Irvington, NY)

	Indication: Little Colds Honey Elixir is a nonmedicated treatment for cough and sore throat that contains honey and other ingredients for a sweet taste that is easier for children to tolerate. It is gluten-free and does not contain any alcohol, saccharin, or dyes. The recommended dose is 1 teaspoon every 2 to 4 hours for toddlers aged 1 to 4 years. Children older than 4 years can take a dose of 2 teaspoons.

	For More Information: www.littleremedies.com

	

	ThinkBaby Sunscreen 

	Marketed by: thinkOperations (Austin, TX)

	Indication: ThinkBaby SPF 30  sunscreen provides broad spectrum UVA and UVB protection to help limit the effects of sun exposure in young children. The product contains 2.5% zinc oxide and is water-resistant. ThinkBaby is not chemical-based and does not contain nano particles, parabens, or PABA. A 3-oz tube of ThinkBaby SPF 30  sunscreen retails for $16.99.

	For More Information: www.thinkbabybottles.com 

	

	Camilia Teething Relief 

	Marketed by: Boiron (Newtown Square, PA)

	Indication: Now available in national pharmacy chains, Camilia is a natural teething medicine that works to alleviate gum swelling, irritability, minor digestive disorders, and the pain associated with teething. Each singleuse dose, which contains a small amount of premeasured, tasteless liquid, is absorbed without numbing the gums or affecting the gag reflex. Doses can be repeated every 15 minutes for a total of 3 times. The product does not contain benzocaine, preservatives, alcohol, flavors, dyes, sugar, or artificial sweeteners.

	For More Information: www.camiliateething.com 

	

	Oral-B Pro-Health FOR ME Floss Picks 

	Marketed by: Procter & Gamble (Cincinnati, OH)

	Indication: Oral-B Pro-Health FOR ME Floss Picks are part of the first and only complete line of oral care products for children aged 8 to 12 years. They are easy to use and allow children to clean their teeth more completely than with brushing alone. Oral-B Pro-Health FOR ME Floss Picks are available in minty breeze flavor at major retailers nationwide and have a suggested retail price of $2.49.

	For More Information: www.crestprohealth.com

	

	Kid’s Xlear Nasal Spray 

	Marketed by: Xlear, Inc (Orem, UT)

	Indication: Kids Xlear is a nonaddictive nasal spray designed to help wash, hydrate, and moisturize the nasal passages and clean out the bacteria and particles that can lead to a cold, ear infection, sinusitis, or the flu. The product contains xylitol, a naturally occurring 5-carbon sugar alcohol that can help relieve nasal discomfort and promote dental health. Kids Xlear Nasal Spray can be used in children of all ages, and can be purchased at natural product retailers nationwide as well as online.

	For More Information: www.xlear.com 

	

	ProbioKid Vita 

	Marketed by: Institut Rosell-Lallemand (Montreal, Canada)

	Indication: ProbioKid Vita is a natural solution formulated to reduce common infections in school-aged children, including ear, nose, and throat conditions, and bronchopulmonary and gastric disorders. The product contains vitamin D to help boost the immune system and vitamin C to reduce tiredness and fatigue. Each box of ProbioKid Vita contains 10 capsules, which can be dissolved in water.

	For More Information: www.institut-rosell-lallemand.com 

	

	Ava the Elephant Talking Medicine Dispenser 

	Marketed by: Elephant Lady, LLC (Atlanta, GA)

	Indication: Ava the Elephant is a talking medicine dispenser designed to create a more pleasant experience for children when taking medicine and vitamins. The product is dishwasher- safe and does not contain BPA or phthalates. Users can fill the dropper with the desired medicine, insert it in the opening, and press a button that provides both instructions (“1, 2, 3…Open wide!”) and positive reinforcements (“Good job!”) aimed at young children. Ava the Elephant can be purchased through the company’s Web site, or at retailers such as CVS.

	For More Information: http://avatheelephant.com

	

	MyKidz Iron 10 

	Marketed by: Tris Pharma (Monmouth Junction, NJ)

	Indication: Part of the MyKidz Iron product line recently relaunched by Tris Pharma, MyKidz Iron 10 liquid supplements feature a berry/banana flavor that has no strong metallic taste or smell, making it easier for children to take. The product contains no alcohol or dyes and is made from a gluten-free formula designed to reduce teeth staining. Each 1.5-mL dose delivers 15 mg of elemental iron to help meet the nutritional needs of infants and toddlers.

	For More Information: www.mykidziron.com
