TUMS Freshers

	Marketed by: GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (Parsippany, NJ)

	Indication: Because many patients who experience heartburn also have bad breath, TUMS Freshers are formulated for the relief of both conditions. Each tablet is 40% smaller than a regular TUMS tablet and contains 500 mg calcium carbonate for the relief of heartburn, sour stomach, and acid indigestion, as well as stomach upset associated with these conditions. TUMS Freshers also contain breath-freshening ingredients. Patients can chew 2 to 4 tablets as symptoms occur, not to exceed 15 tablets in 24 hours. TUMS Freshers is available in pocket-sized packaging of 25 or 50 tablets.

	For More Information: www.tums.com/products/freshers

	

	Adrisin 

	Marketed by: Heel Inc (Albuquerque, NM)

	Indication: Adrisin from Heel Inc is a nondrowsy homeopathic product that offers temporary relief from seasonal and perennial allergy symptoms, including runny nose, sneezing, watery eyes, and skin irritations. Adrisin is designed to reduce the severity of allergy symptoms without suppressing the immune system. It may be taken with other medications without the risk of drug interactions and is suitable for all ages. Adults and children older than 6 years can take 1 tablet sublingually or dissolve it completely in the mouth 3 times daily. Infants and children should be given half the adult dosage.

	For More Information: www.heelusa.com/adrisin/Default.aspx

	

	Orazyme Dry Mouth Moisturizing Spray 

	Marketed by: Dr. Fresh Inc (Buena Park, CA)

	Indication: Dr. Fresh introduced Orazyme Dry Mouth Moisturizing Spray, a portable version of its original Orazyme Mouth Rinse. Orazyme Dry Mouth Moisturizing Spray contains 7 bioactive enzymes designed to restore moisture in the mouth and create healthy microflora for long-lasting relief of xerostomia. It moistens the mouth on contact, soothes and protects irritated oral tissue, and promotes the healing of mouth sores. Orazyme Dry Mouth Moisturizing Spray is available at Rite Aid and independent pharmacies as well as online. The suggested retail price for the 1.5-oz spray is $6.99.

	For More Information: www.drymouthrelief.com

	

	O’Keeffe’s Working Hands 

	Marketed by: O’Keeffe’s Company (Cincinnati, OH)

	Indication: O’Keeffe’s Working Hands is a unique moisturizer designed to improve the health of skin, especially skin that is very dry, damaged, or cracked. O’Keeffe’s Working Hands contains a high concentration of glycerin, which draws in and retains moisture. It also contains allantoin, a nontoxic and nonallergenic skin protectant that also removes skin cells to allow for better penetration and absorption of the product’s moisturizing ingredients. O’Keeffe’s Working Hands is odorless, oil-free, and nongreasy. For best results, it should be applied 1 to 3 times daily, especially after bathing and before bedtime.

	For More Information: www.okeeffescompany.com; 800-275-271836

	

	Preparation H Totables Cream 

	Marketed by: Pfizer Consumer Healthcare (New York, NY)

	Indication: Preparation H Totables Cream is a smooth cream that provides relief from the burning, itching, irritation, and swelling associated with hemorrhoids in a discreet, portable package. It should only be used externally or in the lower portion of the anal canal. The product can be applied to the affected area up to 4 times daily, especially in the morning, at night, and after each bowel movement. Preparation H Totables Cream is available in a package of three 2-oz prep tubes.

	For More Information: www.preparationh.com

	

	Lichi Super Fruit 

	Marketed by: Bainbridge & Knight (New York, NY)

	Indication: LICHI Super Fruit, a dietary supplement designed to assist in the maintenance of a healthy body weight, has been reformulated to include raspberry ketone. A natural compound, raspberry ketone increases the body’s temperature and metabolism. LICHI Super Fruit contains a proprietary blend of 17 active ingredients, including polyphenol-rich lychee fruit extract, as well as copper, phosphorus, and potassium. The recommended dosage is 1 tablet before each meal. LICHI Super Fruit is available in a 90-count bottle.

	For More Information: www.lichisuperfruit.com

	

	Ultra Grip Extra & Ultra Grip Pivot Grab Bars 

	Marketed by: Carex Health Brands (Sioux Falls, SD)

	Indication: Carex Health Brands introduced 2 new products designed to help prevent accidental falls in the senior population. Designed for use in the bathtub or shower, Ultra Grip Extra & Ultra Grip Pivot Grab Bars feature strong suction grips that hold tightly to any smooth, flat, nonporous surface. The Ultra Grip Pivot Grab Bar’s design allows for multiple positions. The Ultra Grip Extra & Ultra Grip Pivot Grab Bars have a suggested retail price of $17.99 and $19.99, respectively. They will be available online and at select retailers, including independent pharmacies and drugstores.

	For More Information: www.carex.com

	

	Ultimate Omega Xtra

	Marketed by: Nordic Naturals (Watsonville, CA)

	Indication: Nordic Naturals Ultimate Omega Xtra is a nutritional supplement formulated to maintain a healthy heart and brain, bones, and immune system. It offers extra omega-3 fatty acids to provide a 2:1 ratio of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) to docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Each daily serving of 2 soft gels contains 800 mg of EPA and 400 mg of DHA, as well as 1000 mg of naturally occurring vitamin D3 . Vitamin D3 is included to support the immune system and regulate levels of calcium and other minerals involved in maintaining bone health.

	For More Information: www.nordicnaturals.com

	

	Arm & Hammer Simply Saline Neti Pot Kit And Refill Packets 

	Marketed by: Church & Dwight Co, Inc (Princeton, NJ)

	Indication: Simply Saline Neti Pot Kit provides a simple solution to flush out nasal mucus and allergens. The Neti Pot solution is made with real Arm & Hammer Baking Soda to help prevent burning and stinging. The Neti Pot features an ergonomic design that is comfortable to use and hold, is translucent, and has a fill line to aid in preparing the correct amount. The cap has a unique, patent-pending venting technology to help with mixing the solution and preventing leaks. This is a drug-free product that can be used alone or with allergy medicines.

	For More Information: www.simplysalinepro.com
