WaveSense Presto

Marketed by:AgaMatrix Inc (Salem, NH)
Indication:The company recently added to its line of blood glucose monitoring products with the launch of the WaveSense Presto. The product does not require coding, has improved ergonomics, and brighter backlit display. The WaveSense Presto requires only a 0.5-?L sample size, is "As Fast As 1-2-3," and has alternate site testing. Additional features of the monitor include no-slip rubber grips and feet that make it easy to use, 6 reminder alarms, 300-test memory, 14-, 30-, and 90-day averages, and onscreen graphing.
For More Information:www.wavesense.info866-906-4197
 
Tamanu Oil

Marketed by:Queen Bee Sauce (Pagosa Springs, CO)
Indication:Tamanu Oil is a topical cream that reduces eczema, psoriasis, and seasonal dry skin irritation. The chemical components of Tamanu Oil—calophylloloids, calophyllic acid, and benzoic and oxi-benzoic acids—help restore and regenerate skin tissue. Acting as an antiseptic and astringent with antimicrobial and antiviral properties, the product is useful for soothing dry skin and itching, reducing scarring, softening scar tissue, and minimizing redness and inflammation during healing.
For More Information:www.QueenBeeSauce.com
 
Simply Flawless O2

Marketed by:Simply Flawless O2 Inc (New York, NY)
Indication:Simply Flawless O2 is a line of 3 skin care products that use a patented oxygen complex called RejuvenOx PFD for long-lasting moisture and anti-aging benefits. The Anti-Aging Moisturizing Cr?me provides vital oxygen to the skin for reduced appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, increased elasticity, smooth tone, and texture. The Anti-Aging Lift Serum tightens and firms skin to help create a more youthful and flawless appearance. The serum helps to diminish the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles by providing the skin with moisture. The Anti-Aging UnderEye Gel gradually improves the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles and reduces puffiness and dark circles. The formula is allergy- and ophthalmologist-tested and will not irritate the gentle skin around the eyes.
For More Information:www.simplyflawlesso2.com888-896-7555
 
AstaVision

Marketed by:Astavita (Burlington, NJ)
Indication:The key ingredient in AstaVision, AstaREAL has been shown through research to improve eye fatigue, commonly known as tired eyes or eye strain. In addition, the product has been found to improve eye accommodation and recovery, depth perception and critical flicker fusion, capillary blood flow, and ciliary body function. AstaVision is available in bottles of 30-count soft gels.
For More Information:www.astavision.com
800-507-4011
 


Omron Elite 7300W



Marketed by:Omron Healthcare Inc (Bannockburn, IL)
Indication:Designed for women on the go, the portable Omron Elite 7300W is clinically proven accurate during all stages of a woman's life and makes monitoring blood pressure (BP) convenient with its 1-touch operation and large digital screen. The Omron Elite 7300W features 2 cuff sizes to help ensure proper cuff placement for accurate readings at home; advanced averaging that automatically displays the average of up to the last 3 readings taken within 10 minutes of each other; a hypertension indicator that flashes when measurements exceed the American Heart Association's guidelines for a healthy BP; memory function that stores 84 readings, plus a guest mode; and a medication reminder alarm. The product retails for $99.99.
For More Information:www.omronhealthcare.com

 
Osteo-K

Marketed by:Nutritional Biochemistry Inc (Bozeman, MT)
Indication:Osteo-K is a dietary supplement for bone health. The product contains 45 mg of vitamin K2 as MK-4, as well as calcium, vitamin D, magnesium, and boron. The recommended dose of Osteo-K is 3 capsules 2 times a day with meals or as directed by a health care professional. Available in 180-count bottles, Osteo-K retails for $75.95.
For More Information:www.bonehealthproduct.com800-624-1416
 
Thermofocus 5-in-1 Thermometer

Marketed by:Kidz-Med Inc (Weston, FL)
Indication:Thermofocus 5-in-1 Thermometer is a noncontact infrared clinical thermometer proven to accurately measure body temperature in infants and children. The product enables the temperature of adults and children to be taken without touching the skin simply by moving the thermometer close to the forehead at the distance indicated by the device. It uses infrared emissions from the body, in particular the forehead. In addition, Thermofocus 5-in-1 Thermometer is noninvasive, nonirritating, and FDAapproved. The product retails for $69.99.
For More Information:www.kidzmed.com866-KIDZMED (866-543-9633)
 
Coromega Healthy Heart

Marketed by:The Coromega Co (Vista, CA)
Indication:Coromega Healthy Heart provides 2 heart beneficial nutrients, omega-3 fish oil and CoQ10, in an innovative and easy-to-take dailydose pouch. The dietary supplement comes in boxes of 30 squeeze packets and can be added to smoothies, yogurt, or taken straight from the pack. Coromega Healthy Heart is available in orange flavor.
For More Information:www.Coromega.com877-275-3725
 
ANSR: Acne Care

Marketed by:Oregon Aesthetic Technologies (Portland, OR)
Indication:ANSR: Acne Care is a skin care solution that harnesses scientifically proven phototherapy and proprietary, patent-pending skin care treatments. The product treats, prevents, and controls acne, in addition to healing and revitalizing the skin. ANSR: Acne Care includes the BEAM phototherapy light, AC battery charger, and one free month of ANSR: Prep, Day, and Night topical solutions.
For More Information:www.ansr.com877-211-2677
 
Florastor

Marketed by:Biocodex Inc (San Bruno, CA)
Indication:Biocodex Inc is now offering its probiotic Florastor in new 20-count blister packs, making it more convenient to treat and prevent antibiotic-associated diarrhea. The effective ingredient in Florastor, Saccharomyces boulardii, acts as temporary flora to protect the intestinal tract and keep intestines functioning well. Florastor is all natural and works with the body to allow healthy microflora to grow, thereby maintaining a digestive balance.
For More Information:www.florastor.com

Find it Online


For more OTC Product News, visit www.PharmacyTimes.com/OTCproducts
