RectiCare 

	Marketed by: Ferndale Healthcare, Inc (Ferndale, MI)

	Indication: RectiCare (anorectal cream) was developed for the temporary relief of pain, itching, and burning associated with hemorrhoids and other anorectal disorders. It contains 5% lidocaine, the strongest nonprescription lidocaine available. RectiCare is indicated for adults and children 12 years and older. The product carton contains one 30-g tube of RectiCare and 10 finger cots.

	For More Information: www.RectiCare.com; www.FerndaleHealthcare.com; 866-668-7482  

	 

	 

	LidoPatch 

	Marketed by: JAR Laboratories (Elmhurst, IL)

	Indication: LidoPatch provides fast relief of minor pain associated with arthritis and simple strains or sprains for up to 24 hours. The patches contain 3.99% lidocaine and 1% menthol. Each LidoPatch is ultrathin and flexible and measures 4 x 5½ in. The patches, which are available in 3-count boxes, can be trimmed to fit. The patches should not be tightly bandaged, used in conjunction with heating pads, or applied to open wounds or sensitive skin.

	For More Information: www.lidopatch.com

	 

	 

	Extra Care 20 

	Marketed by: Redex Industries, Inc (Salem, OH)

	Indication: Extra Care 20, the newest addition to the Udderly Smooth line of moisturizers, is indicated for the relief of severely dry skin. The unscented formula contains 20% urea for enhanced moisturizing. Udderly Smooth products are particularly effective in restoring health to skin that is dry and irritated as a result of radiation and chemotherapy. Extra Care 20 is available in a 2-oz tube through Cardinal Health.

	For More Information: www.udderlysmooth.com

	 

	 

	Fungi-Nail Toe & Foot Ointment 

	Marketed by: Kramer Consumer Healthcare (Miami, FL)

	Indication: Fungi-Nail Toe & Foot Ointment is specially formulated to eliminate both toe fungus and athlete’s foot. It is the only ointment that features a unique dual-angled brush applicator for precise, mess-free application. Fungi-Nail Toe & Foot Ointment contains 20% zinc undecylenate and 5% undecylenic acid and provides lasting protection as it soothes and heals irritated skin. Fungi-Nail Toe & Foot Ointment comes in a 0.7-oz tube and will be available at local retailers beginning March 1, 2012.

	For More Information: www.funginail.com

	 

	

	Spenco Total Support Siesta

	Marketed by: Spenco Medical Corporation (Waco, TX)

	Indication: Spenco Medical Corporation announced the inclusion of the Total Support Siesta in its 2012 footwear line. Like Spenco’s sandals, the Siesta features a Total Support footbed, which is designed with a biomechanically accurate shape that promotes foot alignment and offers motion control. The shoe was also designed with a custom last that provides a relaxed fit in the toe and midfoot with a snug fit around the ankle. The Total Support Siesta is available for men and women, and retails for $79.99.

	For More Information: www.spenco.com

	 

	

	Carex Ultimate Shower Massager 

	Marketed by: Carex Health Brands (Sioux Falls, SD)

	Indication: Carex Health Brands introduces the Carex Ultimate Shower Massager, a showerhead that offers 5 massage settings and an extra-long 84-in tangle-free hose. The wide showerhead handle allows for a secure grip and features an on/ off switch. The product also includes an easy-to-install showerhead holder. The Carex Ultimate Shower Massager is available online and at select retailers, including independent pharmacies and drugstores, for a suggested retail price of $34.99.

	For More Information: www.carex .com

	 

	  

	Carmex Original Healing Ointment 

	Marketed by: Carma Laboratories, Inc (Franklin, WI)

	Indication: Carmex Original Healing Ointment is a concentrated formula that was developed to help repair and restore the driest, roughest skin. It is effective on the hands, heels, elbows, cuticles, and other areas with cracked or chafed skin. The ointment contains petrolatum, lanolin, beeswax, cetyl esters, mineral oil, cocoa butter, camphor, menthol, and salicyclic acid. Carmex Original Healing Ointment is available in a 4-oz jar at major retailers.

	For More Information: www.mycarmex.com

	 

	  

	Organic Diaper Ointment Marketed by: Nature’s Baby Organics (Woodland Hills, CA)

	Indication: Organic Diaper Ointment from Nature’s Baby Organics is formulated to soothe and heal delicate skin while preventing future diaper rashes. Organic Diaper Ointment is made from 98% certified organic ingredients, including sunflower oil, tamanu oil, chickweed oil, olive oil, and other essential oils. It also contains castor oil, which acts as a urine barrier. Clinically tested, it is gentle enough for babies with sensitive skin or allergies. A 3-oz tube of Organic Diaper Ointment retails for $11.95.

	For More Information: www.naturesbabyorganics.com

	 

	  Butterx Lip Care Line

	Marketed by: Aroma Naturals (Irvine, CA)

	Indication: Aroma Naturals introduces the Butterx Lip Care line, an all-natural and organic set of lip balms containing nutrients, antioxidants, and moisturizers. The Butterx Lip Care line is gluten free and safe for patients with diabetes. The available formulations include aloe vera (unflavored), cherry vanilla, pom-berry, iced green tea, and orange honeymint. Each tube has a retail price of $5.00.

	For More Information: www .aromanaturals.com

	 

	  

	Onnit Labs Nutritional Supplements

	Marketed by: Onnit Labs (Austin, TX)

	Indication: Onnit Labs’ ShroomTech Sport, ShroomTech Immune, and New Mood are part of a line of nutritional supplements designed to promote mental, physical, and emotional balance. ShroomTech Sport contains the Cordyceps sinesis mushroom, methylcobalamin, and other ingredients to help increase endurance and vitality. ShroomTech Immune contains mushroom extracts, echinacea, zinc, astragalus, and selenium to help boost immunity. Designed to improve mood and induce a sense of relaxation and calm, New Mood contains L-tryptophan and 5-HTP, the building blocks of serotonin, along with vitamins, minerals, and herbs.

	For More Information: www.onnit.com
