Vicks ZzzQuilMarketed by: Procter & Gamble (Cincinnati, OH)Indication: Vicks ZZZQuil is a non–habitforming sleep aid for occasional sleeplessness. The medication blocks histamine that normally promotes wakefulness and reduces the time it takes for a patient to fall asleep. It is available as a berryflavored liquid and in LiquiCap form. Both contain 50 mg diphenhydramine per 2-tablespoon or 2-capsule dose. The medicine is intended for adults and children 12 years or older, and a single dose of the medication is meant to be taken at bedtime. It is indicated for periodic sleeplessness, so patients should consult a physician if sleeplessness persists longer than 2 weeks.For More Information: www.zzzquil.comNeosporin Eczema Esentials Anti-Itch CreamMarketed by: Johnson & Johnson Consumer Healthcare (Skillman, NJ)Indication: Johnson & Johnson Consumer Healthcare introduced a third product to its Eczema Essentials line for patients affected by eczema or atopic dermatitis. Neosporin Eczema Essentials Anti-Itch Cream contains a dual-action formula to relieve itch flare-ups while moisturizing to promote skin health. It is meant to improve dryness, flaking, and redness symptoms. The antibiotic- and fragrance-free formula contains 1% hydrocortisone. It also contains the line’s RELIPID formula, which contains lipids, humectants, emollients, and botanicals to soothe irritation. The Anti-Itch Cream retails at $8.99 for a 1-oz tube.For More Information: www.neosporin.com/essentialsSalonpas Jet SprayMarketed by: Hisamitsu America (Florham Park, NJ)Indication: Hisamitsu America introduces Salonpas Jet Spray, a topical pain relieving spray. The topical analgesic spray contains 3% menthol for rapid pain relief and 10% methyl salicylate, a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug, for inflammation and long-term pain. It is meant for temporary relief of minor aches and pains from strains, sprains, bruises, simple backache, and arthritis, and can be used on arms, legs, hands, and feet. The quick-drying spray formula leaves no greasy feeling or messy drip. The suggested retail price for 4 fl oz is $9.99.For More Information: www.salonpas.us
PreppyEpi EpiPen HolderMarketed by: PreppyEpi, Inc (Rumson, NJ)Indication: Parents of children with serious anaphylactic allergies can send lifesaving medications and instructions to playdates, day care, camp, and other locations with PreppyEpi EpiPen holder. Each holder fits 2 auto-injectors, 2 antihistamines, 2 alcohol wipes, and a fill-in How to Use guide in a neoprene pouch. The How to Use guide includes spots for a child’s contact information, emergency contact information, serious reaction triggers, physician contact information, and instructions for using the medication. A black carbiner-style clip allows the kits to be clipped to a caretaker or to the child. PreppyEpi kits are $14.99 each.For More Information: www.preppyepi.comThermalon Moist Heat Sinus CompressMarketed by: Bruder Healthcare Company (Alpharetta, GA)Indication: Thermalon Moist Heat Sinus Compress is a reusable microwave-activated heat wrap for relief of sinus pressure, headaches, tension, and stress. It can also be used to relieve dry eye symptoms, temporomandibular joint disorders, dental pain, and migraine symptoms. It can be microwaved for 1 minute for a moist heat compress or frozen for at least 2 hours for a cold compress. The compress is nonallergenic, can be used as often as needed, and will not interact with prescription or OTC medications. Compresses are hand washable in cold water and mild detergent and can be air dried.For More Information: www.thermalon.comSpenco QuartetMarketed by: Spenco Medical Corporation (Waco, TX)Indication: The Quartet Sandal features a strap that secures the foot in the sandal and takes pressure off the ball of the foot. It combines the support and stability of the company’s shoe insoles with the comfort and simplicity of a slip-on sandal. The Quartet Sandal features orthotic-quality arch and heel support and impact cushioning and motion control to reduce pronation and supination. The men’s sandal is available in 2 colors, and the women’s sandal is available in 3 colors. It retails at a suggested price of $49.99.For More Information: www.spenco.com
Clear Eyes All Seasons Outdoor Dry Eye ProtectionMarketed by: Prestige Brands (Irvington, NY)Indication: Clear Eyes All Seasons Outdoor Dry Eye Protection is a lubricant eye drop to protect and hydrate eyes that are exposed to wind and sun. The eye drop contains polyvinyl alcohol 0.5% and povidone 0.6%. It is meant for temporary relief of burning and irritation due to dryness, and is also meant to protect against further irritation from eye dryness. It is available in 15-mL (0.5-fl oz) bottles. The recommended dosage is 1 to 2 drops in the affected eye as needed. Patients with contact lenses should remove their lenses before using the drops.For More Information: www.cleareyes.com
NodstopMarketed by: Nodstop LLC (Central Point, OR)Indication: Nodstop is a patented fleece headband to hold the head and neck in an upright position in patients with weakened neck muscles. Nodstop offers 2 varieties of its special needs bands: one for standard wheelchairs and a second for larger feeding chairs. Extensions are also available to fit large chairs. Both are secured by hook-and-loop straps, allowing the band to adjust to various seat dimensions. Caps and hats may be attached to either band to promote stability during use and to prevent the band from slipping. Both are available online through the company’s website for $47. Extensions are $10 each.For More Information: www.nodstop.com
Help I’m NauseousMarketed by: Help Remedies (New York, NY)Indication: help I’m nauseous offers a handy remedy to stomach-churning car rides, cruises, airplanes, and other summer travel. It contains eight 25-mg meclizine HCl tablets for relief of motion sickness in a portable, easy-to-carry package. The tables are nondrowsy, sugarless, and flavorless. help I’m nauseous prevents and treats nausea, vomiting, and dizziness associated with motion sickness. The recommended dosage is 1 to 2 tablets once daily to be taken 1 hour prior to travel, although patients should follow their physician’s directions. It is recommended for adults and children 12 years and older.For More Information: www.helpineedhelp.comTom’s Naturally Dry AntiperspirantMarketed by: Tom’s of Maine (Kennebunk, ME)Indication: Toms of Maine introduced its Naturally Dry antiperspirant, its first naturally derived antiperspirant stick. The stick is made with sustainably sourced ingredients from plant and mineral sources, and contains no artificial fragrances, preservatives, or silicones. It is available in both unscented and natural powder scents, and contains aluminum chlorohydrate as an active ingredient, with palm kernel oil and olive leaf extract as skin conditioners and odor fighters. Naturally Dry antiperspirant is available at Drugstore.com, Tomsofmainestore.com, and CVS.com, as well as select retailers. It has a suggested retail price of $4.79 for 2.25 oz.For More Information: www.tomsofmaine.com
