Keppra XR
Marketed by: UCB Inc (Smyrna, GA)
Indication: Once-daily Keppra XR (levetiracetam) extended-release tablets are now available in a new dosage strength: 750 mg. This new dosage strength will simplify patients’ treatment plans, as it will decrease the number of tablets they take each day. Keppra XR was approved last year as add-on therapy for partial-onset seizures in patients who are 16 years of age and older with epilepsy. The product also is available in a 500-mg strength.
Dosage Form: Tablets: 500 and 750 mg
For More Information: www.KeppraXR.com
866-822-0068

Optase
Marketed by: Eloquest Healthcare Inc (Ferndale, MI)
Indication: Eloquest Healthcare announced that it is partnering with Onset Therapeutics to market Optase (Balsam Peru [87 mg/g], castor oil [788 mg/g], and trypsin [0.12 mg/g]). Optase is a prescription product formulated in a patent-pending gel delivery system for topical application that promotes healing in the treatment of decubitus ulcers, varicose ulcers, and dehiscent wounds. Optase’s gel formulation contains active ingredients that not only protect the wound, but also increase capillary blood flow to promote healing. The gel also helps to maintain a moist wound healing environment, protects wounds from external moisture and debris, and promotes autolytic debridement.
Dosage Form: Gel: 95-g bottle
For More Information: www.eloquesthealthcare.com

 Nucynta
Marketed by: PriCara, Division of Ortho- McNeil-Janssen Pharmaceuticals Inc (Raritan, NJ)
Indication: PriCara, a division of Ortho-McNeil-Janssen Pharmaceuticals Inc, announced the availability of Nucynta (tapentadol) CII immediate-release tablets. Nucynta, an opioid analgesic indicated for the relief of moderate-to-severe acute pain in patients aged 18 years and older, is now available in 50-, 75-, and 100-mg tablets. Nucynta binds to mu-opioid receptors and inhibits norepinephrine reuptake. The dosing regimen of Nucynta should be individualized according to the severity of pain being treated, the previous experience with similar drugs, and the ability to monitor the patient.
Dosage Form: Tablets: 50, 75, and 100 mg
For More Information: www.nucynta.com
HOT Rx

Tekturna HCT
Marketed by: Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corp (East Hanover, NJ)
Indication: The FDA approved Tekturna HCT (aliskiren and hydrochlorothiazide [HCTZ]) tablets as initial therapy for patients who are likely to need multiple drugs to achieve their blood pressure goals. Tekturna HCT is a single-pill combination of Tekturna (aliskiren), the first and only approved direct renin inhibitor, and the diuretic HCTZ, one of the most commonly used high blood pressure medications.
Dosage Form: Tablets (mg aliskiren/mg HCTZ): 150/12.5, 150/25, 300/12.5, and 300/25
For More Information: www.novartis.com

Effient
Marketed by: Daiichi Sankyo Inc and Eli Lilly and Co (Parsippany, NJ, and Indianapolis, IN)
Indication: Daiichi Sankyo Inc and Eli Lilly and Co recently announced that the FDA approved Effient (prasugrel) tablets for the reduction of thrombotic cardiovascular events (including stent thrombosis) in patients with acute coronary syndrome who are to be managed with an artery-opening procedure known as percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), including patients with unstable angina or non–ST-elevation myocardial infarction and patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction when managed with either primary or delayed PCI. Effient helps keep blood platelets from sticking together to form clots, which can block an artery. Effient should be initiated with a loading dose of 60 mg followed by a maintenance dose of 10 mg once daily.
Dosage Form: Tablets: 5 and 10 mg
For More Information: www.effient.com

Besivance
Marketed by: Bausch & Lomb Inc (Madison, NJ)
Indication: Bausch & Lomb recently received FDA approval for Besivance (besifloxacin ophthalmic suspension) 0.6% for the treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis, commonly referred to as “pink eye.” Besivance is a new topical ophthalmic antibacterial, administered via sterile ophthalmic drops, that treats a wide range of eye pathogens, including those that most commonly cause bacterial conjunctivitis. Besivance is the first fluoroquinolone specifically developed for ophthalmic use and is the first and only ophthalmic fluoroquinolone with no previous systemic use.
Dosage Form: 7.5-mL bottle filled with 5 mL of besifloxacin ophthalmic suspension 0.6%
For More Information: www.besivance.com
www.bausch.com

Lamictal XR
Marketed by: GlaxoSmithKline (Research Triangle Park, NC)
Indication: GlaxoSmithKline announced that the FDA approved Lamictal XR (lamotrigine) Extended- Release Tablets as once-daily add-on therapy for epilepsy patients aged 13 years or older with partial-onset seizures. Partial seizures, which are limited to one part of the brain, are the most common type of seizure experienced by individuals with epilepsy. Lamictal XR reduced seizures in patients who were inadequately controlled on current therapy. Patients with partial seizures currently taking immediate-release Lamictal twice daily can be converted directly to once-daily Lamictal XR using the same total daily dose.
Dosage Form: Extended-release tablets: 25, 50, 100, and 200 mg
For More Information: www.gsk.com www.PharmacyTimes.com

Vimpat
Marketed by: UCB Inc (Atlanta, GA)
Indication: UCB announced the availability of Vimpat (lacosamide), a new antiepileptic drug, which is indicated as adjunctive therapy in the treatment of partial-onset seizures in patients with epilepsy aged 17 years and older. The injection is indicated as short-term replacement when oral administration is not feasible in these patients. The initial dose of Vimpat is 50 mg twice daily. The dose may be increased, based on clinical response and tolerability, at weekly intervals by 100 mg/day given as 2 divided doses to a daily dose of 200 to 400 mg/day.
Dosage Form: Tablets: 50, 100, 150, and 200 mg
Intravenous: 200 mg/20 mL single-use vial
For More Information: www.vimpat.com
800-477-7877
