HOT RXRefissaMarketed by:Spear Dermatology Products Inc (Randolph, NJ)Indication:The FDA approved Refissa, a new formulation oftretinoin, for the treatment of fine lines and wrinkleson the face. It is the only 0.05% prescription-strength,fragrance-free, emollient-based tretinoin cream on themarket. Refissa helps to reduce fine facial wrinkles,rough skin, and irregular pigmentation. Its formulationis for patients with normal-to-dry skin. Patients usingRefissa should also protect their skin from the sun bywearing sunscreen.Dosage Form:40-g tubeFor More Information:www.refissa.com
CimziaMarketed by:UCB (Brussels, Belgium)
Indication:UCB announced the FDA approval of Cimzia(certolizumab pegol) for the treatment of adultpatients with moderately to severely activerheumatoid arthritis (RA). The only PEGylated anti—tumor necrosis factor, Cimzia can be dosed at 400 mg initially and at weeks 2 and 4, followed by 200 mg every other week; for maintenance dosing, 400 mg every 4 weeks can be considered.Cimzia is administered by subcutaneous injection andis also indicated for reducing the signs and symptomsof Crohn’s disease and maintaining clinical responsein adult patients with moderately to severely active RAwho have had an inadequate response to conventionaltherapy.Dosage Form:200 mg lyophilized powder for reconstitution with1 mL of sterile water for injection, USP; 200 mg/mL in asingle-use prefilled glass syringeFor More Information:www.cimzia.com
SymbyaxMarketed by:Eli Lilly and Co (Indianapolis, IN)Indication:The FDA approved a new indication forSymbyax (olanzapine and fluoxetine HClcapsules). The approval makes Symbyaxthe first-ever medication for treatmentresistantdepression, a condition inwhich patients with major depressivedisorder do not respond adequately toantidepressant therapy. The format ofthe product labels was updated accordingto the Physician’s Labeling Rule to include additionalinformation regarding weight gain, hyperglycemia, andhyperlipidemia. Symbyax should not be used with amonoamine oxidase inhibitor (MAOI) or within 14 daysof discontinuing an MAOI. At least 5 weeks should beallowed after stopping Symbyax before starting an MAOI.Thioridazine should not be given with Symbyax or within5 weeks after stopping Symbyax. Concomitant use ofSymbyax with pimozide is contraindicated.Dosage Form:Capsules: 3/25 mg, 6/25 mg, 6/50 mg, 12/25 mg, and12/50 mg (mg equivalent olanzapine/mg equivalentfluoxetine)For More Information:www.symbyax.com

Exforge HCTMarketed by:Novartis (Basel, Switzerland)Indication:Exforge HCT (amlodipine, valsartan,hydrochlorothiazide) received FDAapproval for the treatment of hypertensionin patients not adequately controlledon monotherapy and as initial therapyin patients likely to need multiple drugs to reach theirblood pressure objectives. It is the only blood pressuretreatment that combines 3 medications in a single pill.Exforge HCT combines a calcium channel blocker, angiotensinreceptor blocker, and diuretic, providing a newoption for patients who have tried taking dual combinationsof these classes of blood pressure medicationswithout success.Dosage Form:Tablets (amlodipine/valsartan/hydrochlorothiazide):5/160/12.5 mg; 10/160/12.5 mg; 5/160/25 mg; 10/160/25mg; and 10/320/25 mgFor More Information:www.exforgehct.com
