Gardasil
Marketed by:
Merck & Co (Whitehouse Station, NJ)
Indication:
September 12, 2008—The
FDA approved Gardasil
(human papillomavirus
quadrivalent [types 6, 11, 16, and 18] vaccine,
recombinant) for the prevention of 2 additional
cancers—vulvar and vaginal cancers caused by
HPV types 16 and 18. Gardasil is now approved for
the prevention of cervical, vulvar, and vaginal cancers
caused by HPV types 16 and 18; genital warts
caused by HPV types 6 and 11; and precancerous
or dysplastic lesions caused by HPV types 6, 11, 16,
and 18 in girls and young women aged 9 through
26. It is estimated that HPV types 16 and 18 account
for 40% to 50% of vulvar cancers, 70% of vaginal
cancers, and 70% of all cases of cervical cancer.

Dosage Form:
0.5-mL suspension for injection as a single-dose vial and prefilled syringe
For More Information:www.gardasil.com
Aczone Gel 5%
Marketed by:
Allergan Inc (Irvine, CA)
Indication:
November 17, 2008—Allergan
Inc announced the nationwide
availability of Aczone (dapsone)
Gel 5%, a new, first-in-class topical
treatment for inflammatory
acne. Dapsone is the first new
molecule in a decade approved
by the FDA for the topical treatment of acne vulgaris,
and Aczone Gel 5% combines dapsone in a Solvent
Microparticulate gel, enabling dapsone to be applied
topically. It is approved for patients 12 and older, and
may be used beyond the face. Patients should apply
a pea-size drop in a thin layer on the affected area,
twice daily.
Dosage Form:
30-g tube
For More Information:www.allergan.com
Apidra
Marketed by:
Sanofi-aventis (Bridgewater, NJ)
Indication:
October 29, 2008—Sanofiaventis
announced the FDA
approval of Apidra (insulin
glulisine [rDNA origin] injection)
to improve glycemic
control in children 4 years
of age and older with diabetes mellitus. Apidra has a
rapid onset and short duration of action and should
normally be used in combination with a longer-acting
or basal insulin. It can be administered using an
insulin infusion pump, vial and syringe, the OptiClik
reusable pen, or intravenously under proper medical
supervision in a clinical setting. It also is indicated for
adults with type 1 and type 2 diabetes for the control
of high blood sugar.
Dosage Form:
Apidra 100 units/mL is available as: 10-mL vials and
3-mL cartridge system for use in OptiClik (Insulin
Delivery Device)
For More Information:www.apidra.com
Humalog and Humulin
Marketed by:
Eli Lilly and Co (Indianapolis, IN)
Indication:
October 27, 2008—Eli Lilly and Co announced the
introduction of a color differentiation system for
U-100 insulin products marketed in the United States,
including vials, pens, and individual packaging for
Humalog (insulin lispro injection [rDNA origin]) and
Humulin (regular insulin human injection, USP [rDNA
origin]). The Lilly color differentiation system follows
the introduction of bar coding of packaging and insulin
vials instituted in the United States by Lilly in 2004.
These safety measures offer patients, physicians,
pharmacists, and other health care professionals a
multitiered product identification and recognition
system for Lilly's insulin products. Colors indicate
both insulin family and insulin type: burgundy for the
Humalog family, blue for the Humulin family, and yellow
for Regular insulin. The Humalog brand of insulins
is indicated for use in patients with diabetes to control
high blood sugar.
For More Information:www.lilly.com
Promacta
Marketed by:
GlaxoSmithKline (Philadelphia, PA)
Indication:
November 20, 2008—GlaxoSmithKline announced that
the FDA granted accelerated approval for Promacta
(eltrombopag) for the
treatment of thrombocytopenia
in patients with
chronic immune (idiopathic)
thrombocytopenic
purpura (ITP) who
have had an insufficient response to corticosteroids,
immunoglobulins, or splenectomy. Chronic ITP is a
disorder marked by increased platelet destruction and/
or inadequate platelet production in the blood, which
causes an increased risk of bruising and bleeding.
Dosage Form:
Tablets: 25- and 50-mg tablets
For More Information:
877-9-PROMACTAwww.PROMACTACARES.com
Stalevo
Marketed by:
Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corp (East Hanover, NJ)
Indication: 
October 28, 2008—
Novartis Pharmaceuticals
Corp announced that the FDA approved 2 new dosage
strengths of Stalevo (carbidopa, levodopa, and entacapone)
and it subsequently launched the new dosage
strengths. Stalevo is indicated for certain individuals
with Parkinson's disease who experience end-of-dose
"wearing off." The approval of Stalevo 75 and 125 tablets
(18.75 mg carbidopa, 75 mg levodopa, and 200 mg
entacapone, and 31.25 mg carbidopa, 125 mg levodopa,
and 200 mg entacapone, respectively) provides
added dosing flexibility that enable more customized
approaches to treating people with Parkinson's disease
in the United States.
Dosage Form:
Tablets: Stalevo 50, 75, 100, 125, 150, and 200 tablets
For More Information:www.stalevo.com
Find it Online

For more Rx Product News, visit www.PharmacyTimes.com/Rxproducts
