Tetrix Cream
Marketed by:
Coria Laboratories Ltd (Fort Worth, TX)
Indication:
October 24, 2008—Coria
Laboratories Ltd announced that it
introduced Tetrix Cream, the first
prescription protection for the treatment
of hand eczema and hand
dermatitis, which is estimated to affect as many as
25 million Americans. Tetrix Cream is a nonsteroidal
cream comprised of aluminum magnesium hydroxide
stearate, cetyl dimethicone copolyol, cyclomethicone,
dimethicone, hexyl laurate, polyglyceryl-4-isostearate, purified water, and sodium chloride.
It also contains phenoxyethanol and propylparaben
as preservatives. The cream may be applied 2 to 3
times a day or as prescribed.

Dosage Form:
Supplied in a kit including two 2-oz tubes with 2
complimentary 2-oz tubes of CeraVe Cream.
For More Information:www.corialabs.comwww.TetrixCream.com
866-819-9007

Afluria
Marketed by:
CSL Biotherapies (King of Prussia, PA)
Indication:
September 4, 2008—CSL
Biotherapies announced that it began shipment of
Afluria (influenza virus vaccine), in the United States
for the 2008-2009 influenza season. Afluria is indicated
for the active immunization of individuals aged 18
years and older against influenza disease caused by
influenza virus subtypes A and type B. CSL plans to
deliver more than 6 million doses of Afluria, and the
majority of the supply will be in single-dose, thimerosal-
free, prefilled syringes. Afluria was originally granted
marketing approval by the FDA on September 28,
2007. CSL Biotherapies also announced an innovative
online, quick-ship ordering system, enabling health
care providers and other purchasers to buy Afluria for
adults directly from the company. The new purchasing
platform is available at www.mercuryfreefluvaccine.com.
Dosage Form:
0.5-mL, preservative-free, single-dose, prefilled
syringe; 5-mL multidose vial containing 10 doses
For More Information:www.Afluria.com
888-435-8633
Astepro
Marketed by:
Meda Pharmaceuticals Inc (Somerset, NJ)
Indication:
October 17, 2008—Meda
Pharmaceuticals Inc, the
US subsidiary of Meda AB,
announced that the FDA
approved Astepro (azelastine hydrochloride)—the
new formulation of Astelin. Astepro Nasal Spray is an
improvement over the marketed Astelin Nasal Spray
and is better tolerated by patients using the new spray.
The active substance in these products is azelastine—
the leading nasal antihistamine in the treatment of
rhinitis in the United States. Astepro is now approved
for the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis.
Dosage Form:
137 mcg per spray
For More Information:www.medpointepharma.com
Forteo
Marketed by:
Eli Lilly and Co (Indianapolis, IN)
Indication:
October 16, 2008—Eli Lilly and Co announced that
its new, simpler-to-use Forteo (teriparatide [rDNA origin]
injection) Delivery Device is available for patient
use in the United States. The new delivery device was
designed specifically for Forteo patients to help them
more easily administer their treatment on a day-to-day
basis. Originally approved by the FDA in June, the new
delivery device is now being shipped to pharmacies
and will be available for patients when they fill their
prescriptions. Forteo is indicated for the treatment of
osteoporosis in postmenopausal women who are at
high risk for fracture and to increase bone mass in men
with primary or hypogonadal osteoporosis who are at
high risk for fracture.
Dosage Form:
20 mcg once daily
For More Information:www.FORTEO.com
Rapaflo
Marketed by:
Watson Pharmaceuticals Inc (Corona, CA)
Indication:
October 8, 2008—Watson Pharmaceuticals Inc
announced that the FDA approved Rapaflo (silodosin),
the company's new alpha-blocker for the treatment
of signs and symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia
(BPH). BPH is the number-1 reason patients visit
urologists and is characterized by urination problems,
including decreased urine flow, more frequent urination,
and nocturia. Rapaflo is an effective, selective
alpha-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist.
Dosage Form:
Capsules: 4 and 8 mg
For More Information:www.watson.com
Reyataz
Marketed by:
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (Princeton, NJ)
Indication: October 1, 2008—Bristol-Myers
Squibb Co announced that the
FDA approved the use of Reyataz
(atazanavir sulfate) 300 mg
once-daily boosted with ritonavir
100 mg as part of combination
therapy in previously untreated (treatment-na?ve) HIV-
1?infected patients. Reyataz is a protease inhibitor
used in combination with other antiretroviral agents
to treat individuals who are infected with HIV. Reyataz
boosted with ritonavir taken once daily with food
is recognized by the US Department of Health and
Human Services as a preferred component of combination
HIV therapy for treatment-na?ve patients.
Dosage Form:
Capsules: 100, 150, 200, and 300 mg
For More Information:www.reyataz.comwww.BMS.com
Find it Online

For more Rx Product News, visit www.PharmacyTimes.com/Rxproducts
