Cleviprex
Marketed by:
The Medicines Co (Parsippany, NJ)
Indication:
August 4, 2008—The Medicines Co announced that
the FDA approved the intravenous therapy Cleviprex
(clevidipine butyrate) injectable emulsion for the
reduction of blood pressure when oral therapy is not
feasible or not desirable. A novel antihypertensive,
Cleviprex represents advancement over currently
available therapies, providing rapid and precise control
of blood pressure in the critical care setting.
Dosage Form:
Single-use vials: 50 or 100 mL. Concentration is 0.5
mg/mL.
For More Information:www.cleviprex.com
Diovan HCT/Exforge
Marketed by:
Novartis AG
(Basel, Switzerland)
Indication:
August 4, 2008—The FDA
approved 2 single-pill
combination medications,
Diovan HCT (valsartan
and hydrochlorothiazide)
and Exforge (amlodipine
and valsartan), as initial
or first-line therapies in
patients likely to need
multiple drugs to achieve
their blood pressure
goals. These approvals
will provide simplified treatment strategies to help
control high blood pressure with Diovan HCT and
Exforge. In patients who are likely to need multiple
drugs to achieve blood pressure goals, using first-line
single-pill combination medications will help eliminate
the added steps of starting on a single medication,
increasing the dose, and then adding another medication.
Dosage Form:
Diovan HCT tablets (valsartan/hydrochlorothiazide):
80/12.5, 160/12.5, 160/25, 320/12.5, 320/25 mg;
Exforge tablets (amlodipine/valsartan): 5/160, 10/160,
5/320, 10/320 mg
For More Information:www.entegrion.com
Elestrin
Marketed by:
BioSante Pharmaceuticals
Inc (Lincolnshire, IL)
Indication:
August 7, 2008—BioSante
Pharmaceuticals announced
that it reacquired
Elestrin (estradiol gel) from
Nycomed US, which in
February 2008 acquired Bradley Pharmaceuticals Inc,
BioSante's previous licensee of Elestrin. Elestrin is a
fast-drying formulation of estradiol, the same estrogen
produced naturally in women, and is approved
by the FDA for the treatment of hot flashes in postmenopausal
women. Elestrin is absorbed through the
skin after topical application on the upper arm, and
delivers estradiol to the bloodstream evenly over time
in a nonirritating, painless manner. Elestrin is administered
using a metered-dose applicator that delivers
12.5 mcg of estradiol.
Dosage Form:
Estradiol 0.06% in a colorless, nonstaining hydroalcoholic
gel supplied in a nonaerosol, metered-dose
pump container
For More Information:www.biosantepharma.com
Evamist
Marketed by:
Ther-Rx Corp
(St. Louis, MO)
Indication:
April 1, 2008—Ther-Rx Corp launched
Evamist (estradiol
transdermal
spray). The product
is indicated for
the treatment of
moderate-to-severe
vasomotor symptoms
due to menopause.
Evamist reduces the frequency and severity of
moderate-to-severe hot flashes, with sustained delivery
of estrogen. A metered-dose applicator delivers a
spray to a small area on the inner forearm and dries
quickly. Based on clinical response, the dosage can
be increased to 2 to 3 sprays daily to the forearm.Dosage Form:
1 spray delivers 90 mcL, which contains 1.53 mg
estradiol
For More Information:www.evamist.com877-567-7676
Requip XL
Marketed by:
GlaxoSmithKline
(Research Triangle
Park, NC)
Indication:
June 13, 2008—
GlaxoSmithKline
announced the
approval of Requip XL (ropinirole extended-release
tablets) by the FDA for the treatment of the signs
and symptoms of idiopathic Parkinson's disease. It is
the first and only oral once-daily non-ergot dopamine
agonist indicated for Parkinson's disease. Requip XL
is an extended-release, once-daily tablet formulation
that uses SkyePharma PLC's patented GEOMATRIX
technology, which allows for continuous delivery of
ropinirole over 24 hours to provide smooth blood
levels. This extended-release version offers patients a
simple titration regimen and a convenient, once-daily
dosing schedule.
Dosage Form:
Tablets: 2, 4, and 8 mg
For More Information:www.gsk.com
Stavzor
Marketed by:
Noven
Pharmaceuticals Inc
(Miami, FL)
Indication:
July 30, 2008—Noven
Pharmaceuticals Inc
announced that the
FDA approved Stavzor
(valproic acid delayedrelease
capsules) in
125-, 250-, and 500-mg
strengths. Stavzor is
approved for the treatment
of manic episodes
associated with
bipolar disorder, as monotherapy and adjunctive therapy
in the treatment of patients with complex partial
seizures that occur either in isolation or in association
with other types of seizures, and for the prophylaxis
of migraine headaches. The soft gel capsules are
small and easy to swallow, with an advanced enteric
technology designed to reduce reflux and gastric irritability.
Dosage Form:
Capsules: 125, 250, and 500 mg
For More Information:www.stavzor.com
Hot OTC6 Flu Vaccines
Approved for
2008-2009
Influenza Season
Vaccines and their Marketers:
Afluria: CSL Biotherapies (King of Prussia, PA);
Fluarix and FluLaval: GlaxoSmithKline (Research
Triangle Park, NC); FluMist: MedImmune Vaccines
Inc (Gaithersburg, MD); Fluvirin: Novartis Vaccines
and Diagnostics (Cambridge, MA); Fluzone: Sanofi
Pasteur Inc (Swiftwater, PA)
Indication:
August 5, 2008—The FDA approved 6 vaccines for
this year's seasonal influenza vaccines that include
3 new strains of the virus likely to cause flu in the
United States during the 2008-2009 season. A possibility
exists for a suboptimal match between the
virus strains predicted to circulate and the virus
strains that end up causing the most illness. Even if
the vaccines and the circulating strains are not an
exact match, however, they will provide some protection
and may reduce the severity of the illness or
prevent flu-related complications.
For More Information:www.fda.gov/cber/flu/flu2008.htm
Strattera
Marketed by:
Eli Lilly and Co
(Indianapolis, IN)
Indication:
May 8, 2008—Eli Lilly
and Co announced
that the FDA approved
Strattera (atomoxetine
HCl) for maintenance
treatment of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder
(ADHD) in children and adolescents. Strattera is a
selective norepinephine reuptake inhibitor and is
the first FDA-approved nonstimulant to treat ADHD
in children, adolescents, and adults. In children and
adolescents up to 70 kg, the initial daily dose is 0.5
mg/kg, with a target daily dose of 1.2 mg/kg and a
maximum total daily dose of 1.4 mg/kg. In children
and adolescents over 70 kg and adults, the initial daily
dose is 40 mg, with a target daily dose of 80 mg and
a maximum total daily dose of 100 mg.
Dosage Form:
Each capsule contains atomoxetine HCl equivalent to
10, 18, 25, 40, 60, 80, or 100 mg of atomoxetine
For More Information:www.strattera.com

Find it Online

For more Rx Product News, visit www.PharmacyTimes.com/Rxproducts
