Aciphex
Marketed by:
Eisai Corp of North America
(Woodcliff Lake, NJ), a
wholly owned subsidiary of
Eisai Co Ltd (Tokyo, Japan),
and PriCara, a division
of Ortho-McNeil-Janssen
Pharmaceuticals Inc
(Raritan, NJ)
Indication:June 30, 2008—Eisai Corp announced that the FDA
approved Aciphex (rabeprazole sodium) 20 mg for
the short-term (up to 8 weeks) treatment of gastroesophageal
reflux disease (GERD) in adolescents aged
12 and older. Aciphex is a proton pump inhibitor that
effectively suppresses gastric acid secretion while
inhibiting enzyme activity during the last phase of
stomach acid secretion. The product also is indicated
in adults for healing of erosive or ulcerative GERD;
maintenance of healing of erosive or ulcerative GERD;
treatment of symptomatic GERD; healing of duodenal
ulcers; Helicobacter pylori eradication to reduce
the risk of duodenal ulcer recurrence; and treatment
of pathologic hypersecretory conditions, including
Zollinger-Ellison syndrome.Dosage Form:Tablets: 20 mgFor More Information:www.aciphex.com
Aptivus
Marketed by:
Boehringer Ingelheim
Pharmaceuticals Inc
(Ridgefield, CT)
Indication:June 24, 2008—Boehringer
Ingelheim announced that the
FDA granted approval of Aptivus
(tipranavir) capsules/oral solution
with dosing information for
treatment-experienced pediatric
patients between the ages of 2
and 18 infected with HIV-1. The oral solution formulation,
which is a new dosage form of Aptivus, was also
approved for treatment-experienced adults. Aptivus,
a protease inhibitor coadministered with ritonavir,
is indicated for combination antiretroviral treatment
of HIV-1?infected patients who are treatment experienced
and infected with HIV-1 strains resistant to
more than 1 protease inhibitor. The Aptivus dosing for
adult patients is 500 mg coadministered with 200 mg
ritonavir, twice daily, with or without food; in pediatric
patients (aged 2-18 years), the dosing is based
on body weight or body surface area, not to exceed
adult dose.
Dosage Form:
Capsules: 250 mg
Oral solution: 100 mg/mL
For More Information:
www.aptivus.com
Concerta
Marketed by:
McNeil Pediatrics,
a division of Ortho-McNeil-Janssen Inc (Titusville, NJ)
Indication:
June 27, 2008—The FDA approved Concerta (methylphenidate
HCl) extended-release tablets for the
treatment of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder
(ADHD) in adults aged 18 to 65 years. With this new
approval, Concerta is now available for patients with
ADHD aged 6 to 65. The doses approved for adults
range from 18 to 72 mg daily. Using its unique OROS
delivery system, the Concerta formulation delivers an
initial dose of medication when the tablet is ingested.
Medication is then delivered into the bloodstream at
a controlled rate throughout the day.
Dosage Form:
Tablets: 18, 27, 36, and 54 mg
For More Information:
www.concerta.net
Kinrix
Marketed by:
GlaxoSmithKline (Research Triangle Park, NC)
Indication:
June 24, 2008—GlaxoSmithKline announced
that the FDA approved
Kinrix (diphtheria and tetanus
toxoids and acellular pertussis [DTaP] adsorbed
and inactivated poliovirus vaccine), the first combination
vaccine to offer protection against diphtheria,
tetanus, pertussis (also known as whooping cough),
and polio diseases in 1 shot. Kinrix is approved for
children 4 to 6 years of age whose previous DTaP
vaccinations have been with Pediarix and/or Infanrix.
Per the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's
recommended immunization schedule, 4- to 6-yearolds
can receive 5 or more vaccinations in a single
visit. The introduction of Kinrix could mean 1 less shot
for children in this age group.
Dosage Form:
Single-dose vial and prefilled syringe containing a 0.5-mL suspension for injection of diphtheria and tetanus
toxoids, acellular pertussis antigens, and inactivated
poliovirus types 1, 2, and 3.
For More Information:
www.kinrix.com
Hot RxCymbalta
Marketed by:
Eli Lilly and Co (Indianapolis, IN)
Indication:
June 16, 2008—The FDA
approved Cymbalta (duloxetine
HCl) for the management
of fibromyalgia, a
chronic widespread pain disorder. Cymbalta is the
first serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor
with proven efficacy for reducing pain in patients
with fibromyalgia. This new fibromyalgia indication
represents the second use for Cymbalta for a
pain disorder approved by the FDA, demonstrating
the medication's analgesic effect. Cymbalta also is
approved to treat major depressive disorder and
generalized anxiety disorder and to manage diabetic
peripheral neuropathic pain in adults aged 18 years
and older. Based on preclinical studies, Cymbalta
is a balanced and potent reuptake inhibitor of serotonin
and norepinephrine (which are believed to
mediate core mood symptoms and help regulate
the perception of pain).
Dosage Form:
Capsules: 20, 30, and 60 mg
For More Information:www.cymbalta.com
Prezista
Marketed by:
Tibotec Therapeutics, a division
of Ortho Biotech Products LP
(Bridgewater, NJ)
Indication:
May 19, 2008—Tibotec
Therapeutics announced the availability
of a new 600-mg tablet
strength for Prezista (darunavir), a protease inhibitor.
The new dosage strength was approved by the FDA
on February 25, 2008. The recommended oral dose
of Prezista for treatment-experienced adult patients
with HIV-1 is 600 mg (one 600-mg tablet or two 300-
mg tablets) taken twice daily with ritonavir 100 mg, in
combination with other antiretroviral agents, and with
food.
Dosage Form:
Tablets: 300 and 600 mg
For More Information:
www.prezista.com
Trivaris
Marketed by:
Allergan Inc (Irvine, CA)
Indication:
June 16, 2008—Allergan Inc announced that the FDA
approved Trivaris (triamcinolone acetonide injectable
suspension) 80 mg/mL, a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid
with anti-inflammatory action. Delivered
via intravitreal injection, the ophthalmic indications
for Trivaris include sympathetic ophthalmia, temporal
arteritis, uveitis, and ocular inflammatory conditions
unresponsive to topical corticosteroids—inflammatory
conditions that can result in vision loss.
Dosage Form:
Single-use syringe containing 8 mg (80 mg/mL) of
triamcinolone acetonide suspension
For More Information:
www.allergan.com
Xyntha
Marketed by:
Wyeth Pharmaceuticals,
a division of Wyeth
(Collegeville, PA)
Indication:
February 21, 2008—Wyeth Pharmaceuticals
announced that it
received approval from
the FDA for Xyntha (antihemophilic factor [recombinant],
plasma/albumin-free), a recombinant factor
VIII product, for patients with hemophilia A for both
the control and prevention of bleeding episodes and
surgical prophylaxis. Xyntha is manufactured using
a completely albumin-free process and state-of-theart
nanofiltration purification technology. In addition,
Xyntha is the only recombinant factor VIII product to
use an entirely synthetic (nonhuman- and nonanimalbased)
purification process in its manufacture.
Dosage Form:
Powder available as 250, 500, 1000, or 2000 IU in
single-use vials
For More Information:
www.wyeth.com
