Hysingla ERMarketed by: Purdue Pharma L.P.Indication: The FDA has approved Hysingla ER (hydrocodone bitartrate), an opioid agonist, for the management of pain severe enough to require daily, around-the-clock, long-term opioid treatment and for which alternative treatment options are inadequate. The recommended initial dose for opioid-naïve patients is one 20-mg tablet by mouth every 24 hours; dose titration may occur every 3 to 5 days. Hysingla ER is not indicated as an as-needed analgesic.Dosage Form: Extended-release tablets: 20, 30, 40, 60, 80, 100, and 120 mgFor More Information: www.HysinglaER.com
Spiriva Respimat
Marketed by: Boehringer Ingelheim Pharmaceuticals, IncIndication: The FDA has approved Spiriva Respimat (tiotropium bromide), an anticholinergic, for the long-term once-daily maintenance treatment of bronchospasm associated with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), and for reducing COPD exacerbations. Spiriva Respimat is for oral inhalation only. The recommended dose is 2 inhalations once a day.Dosage Form: Inhalation spray: 2.5 mcg per actuation.For More Information: www.boehringer-ingelheim.com/ products/prescription_medicines/ respiratory/copd/spiriva/respimatContrave
Marketed by: Takeda Pharmaceuticals America, Inc; Orexigen Therapeutics, IncIndication: The FDA has approved Contrave (naltrexone HCl/bupropion HCl), a combination opioid antagonist and aminoketone antidepressant, as an adjunct to a reduced-calorie diet and increased physical activity for chronic weight management in adults with an initial body mass index of 30 kg/m2 or greater (obese), or 27 kg/m2 or greater (overweight) in the presence of at least 1 weight-related comorbidity. The recommended initial dose is 1 tablet by mouth every morning; the dose should be increased weekly according to the recommended dosage escalation schedule.Dosage Form: Extended-release tablets: 8 mg naltrexone HCl/90 mg bupropion HClFor More Information: www.contrave.comMetric Only Oral Syringes
Marketed by: Medi-Dose, Inc; EPS, IncIndication: EPS has released 3 new styles of oral syringes. All were designed with “metric only” markings, meeting the latest recommendations for oral syringes from the Institute for Safe Medication Practices. Syringes are stocked in clear with orange graduations, clear with blue graduations, or amber with white graduations. They contain no latex, DEHP, or BPA. The syringes are available in 8 sizes: 0.5, 1, 3, 6, 12, 20, 35, and 60 mL.For More Information: www.medidose.com/oralsyringesmetriconly100syringes. aspx
