Evzio
Marketed by: kaléo, IncIndication: The FDA has approved Evzio (naloxone hydrochloride injection) for emergency treatment of known or suspected opioid overdose, as manifested by respiratory and/or central nervous system depression. Evzio is for intramuscular or subcutaneous use only. It should be administered to adult or pediatric patients in the anterolateral aspect of the thigh, through clothing if necessary. Emergency medical care should be sought immediately after use. Additional doses may be administered every 2 to 3 minutes until emergency medical assistance arrives.Dosage Form: Prefilled autoinjector: 0.4 mg/0.4 mL naloxone hydrochloride solutionFor More Information: www.evzio.com
Finacea
Marketed by: Bayer HealthCare Pharmaceuticals IncIndication: Through its service Rosacea Concierge: Your Partner in Rosacea Care, Bayer HealthCare provides 24-hour telephone access to nurses who specialize in rosacea education. This service is designed to assist patients with rosacea, especially those who have received a recent diagnosis. Rosacea Concierge also offers a coupon for Finacea (azelaic acid) gel, 15%, which is indicated for the topical treatment of inflammatory papules and pustules of mild to moderate rosacea. Finacea should be applied to the affected area(s) in a thin layer twice daily.Dosage Form: Gel: 15%For More Information: http://rosacea-support.org/rosacea-concierge-from-bayer-healthcare.html; www.myfinacea.com/index.php
Farxiga
Marketed by: Bristol-Myers Squibb Company; AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals LPIndication: Farxiga, a sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitor, has been FDA approved as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM). Farxiga is not for treatment of type 1 DM or diabetic ketoacidosis. The recommended starting dose is 5 mg once daily, taken in the morning, with or without food. Renal function should be assessed before initiating Farxiga.Dosage Form: Tablets: 5 and 10 mgFor More Information: www.farxiga-hcp.comEliquis
Marketed by: Bristol-Myers Squibb Company; Pfizer IncIndication: The FDA has approved Eliquis (apixaban), a factor Xa inhibitor anticoagulant, to reduce the risk of blood clots following hip or knee replacement surgery. Eliquis is also indicated to reduce the risk of stroke and systemic embolism in patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation. For prophylaxis of deep vein thrombosis, the recommended dose of Eliquis is 2.5 mg orally twice daily.Dosage Form: Tablets: 2.5 and 5 mgFor More Information: www.eliquis.com
