SimbrinzaMarketed by: Alcon Laboratories, IncIndication: The screw-top cap of Simbrinza (brinzolamide/brimonidine tartrate ophthalmic suspension 1%/0.2%) has been changed from white to light green to help patients distinguish the medication from other glaucoma treatments. Simbrinza is indicated for the reduction of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. The medication should be shaken well before use, and 1 drop should be instilled in the affected eye(s) 3 times daily.Dosage Form: Suspension: brinzolamide 10 mg/mL, brimonidine tartrate 2 mg/mLFor More Information: www.myglaucomasupport.com/
BethkisMarketed by: Cornerstone Therapeutics IncIndication: The FDA has approved Bethkis (tobramycin inhalation solution), an inhaled aminoglycoside antibacterial, for the management of cystic fibrosis patients with Pseudomonas aeruginosa infection. The entire contents of 1 ampule should be administered twice daily by oral inhalation in repeated cycles of 28 days on drug, followed by 28 days off drug. Bethkis is formulated as a clear, colorless to pale yellow solution for oral inhalation.Dosage Form: Single-use ampule: 300 mgFor More Information: http://bethkis.com
Olysio
Marketed by: Janssen TherapeuticsIndication: The FDA has approved Olysio (simeprevir; a hepatitis C virus NS3/4A protease inhibitor) for the treatment of chronic hepatitis C infection, as a component of a combination antiviral treatment regimen. The recommended dosage is one 150-mg capsule taken once daily with food. Olysio should be administered with peginterferon alfa and with ribavirin for 12 weeks, followed by either 12 or 36 additional weeks of peginterferon alfa and ribavirin depending on prior response status.Dosage Form: Capsules: 150 mgFor More Information: www.olysio.comNoxafil
Marketed by: Merck & Co, IncIndication: The FDA has approved Noxafil injection (posaconazole) for intravenous (IV) use. It is indicated for prophylaxis against invasive Aspergillus and Candida infections in severely immunocompromised patients. The recommended dosage is a loading dose of 300 mg IV twice a day on the first day, followed by 300 mg IV once a day. Noxafil injection must be administered through an inline filter by IV infusion over ~90 minutes via a central venous line. It should never be given as an IV bolus injection.Dosage Form: Injection: 18 mg/mLFor More Information: www.noxafil.com
