BrintellixMarketed by: H. Lundbeck A/S and Takeda Pharmaceuticals America, IncIndication: The FDA has approved Brintellix (vortioxetine) for treating adults with major depressive disorder. The recommended starting dose is 10 mg orally once daily without regard to meals; the dose should then be increased to 20 mg/ day, as tolerated. Brintellix can be discontinued abruptly; however, it is recommended that doses of 15 or 20 mg/day be reduced to 10 mg/day for 1 week before full discontinuation.Dosage Form: Immediate-release tablets: 5, 10, 15, and 20 mg
For More Information: www.us.brintellix.com
ADEMPAS
Marketed by: Bayer HealthCare Pharmaceuticals, IncIndication: The FDA has approved Adempas (riociguat), a soluble guanylate cyclase stimulator, to treat adults with (1) persistent/ recurrent chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension (CTEPH) after surgical treatment or inoperable CTEPH to improve exercise capacity and WHO functional class or (2) pulmonary arterial hypertension to improve exercise capacity, improve WHO functional class, and delay clinical worsening. Treatment should be initiated at a dosage of 1 mg 3 times a day.Dosage Form: Tablets: 0.5, 1, 1.5, 2, and 2.5 mgFor More Information: www.adempas-us.com
DUAVEE
Marketed by: PfizerIndication: The FDA has approved Duavee (conjugated estrogens/bazedoxifene) for the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms (hot flashes) associated with menopause and for the prevention of postmenopausal osteoporosis. The recommended dose is 1 tablet by mouth once daily. Women taking Duavee should not take additional estrogens. Duavee should be used for the shortest duration consistent with the treatment goals and risks for the individual female patient.Dosage Form: Tablets (conjugated estrogens/bazedoxifene): 0.45 mg/20 mgFor More Information: www.pfizerpro.com/hcp/duaveeADASUVE
Marketed by: Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, IncIndication: Adasuve (loxapine) inhalation powder is a typical antipsychotic indicated for the acute treatment of agitation associated with schizophrenia or bipolar I disorder in adults. Adasuve must be administered only by a health care professional. Before administration, all patients must be screened for a history of pulmonary disease and examined for respiratory abnormalities. Only a single 10-mg dose of Adasuve should be administered within a 24-hour period, by oral inhalation using the single-use inhaler.Dosage Form: Inhalation powder: 10 mgFor More Information: www.adasuve.com
