BD Ultra-Fine 6mm NeedleMarketed by: BD (Franklin Lakes, NJ)Indication: BD announced the availability of the BD Ultra-Fine 6mm Needle for BD Insulin Syringes. The new BD Ultra-Fine 6mm Needle is the smallest insulin syringe needle offered by BD and is designed to provide greater patient comfort. Smaller needles are proven as effective as longer syringe needles for patients of all sizes. They are also less intimidating for patients and reduce the risk of an accidental and painful injection into a muscle.How Supplied: BD Ultra-Fine 6mm Needle is available with a variety of syringe capacities, including 1, 1/2, and 3/10 mLFor More Information: www.bd.com/6mmsyringePertzyeMarketed by: Digestive Care, Inc (Bethlehem, PA)Indication: Pertzye (pancrelipase) is approved for the treatment of exocrine pancreatic insufficiency due to cystic fibrosis or other conditions. Pertzye is a combination of porcine-derived lipases, proteases, and amylases. Dosing for pediatric patients is based on age and weight. Although the capsules should be swallowed whole, patients who cannot swallow them can take the contents mixed with applesauce. Pertzye is not interchangeable with any other pancrelipase product.Dosage Form: Delayed-release capsules: 8000 USP units of lipase, 28,750 USP units of protease, 30,250 USP units of amylase; 16,000 USP units of lipase, 57,500 units of protease, 60,500 USP units of amylaseFor More Information: www.digestivecare.comMyrbetriqMarketed by: Astellas Pharma (Northbrook, IL)Indication: The FDA approved Myrbetriq (mirabegron) for the treatment of patients with overactive bladder who have symptoms of urge urinary incontinence, urgency, and urinary frequency. A beta-3 adrenergic agonist, Myrbetriq has a recommended starting dose of 25 mg once daily with or without food, which should be effective within 8 weeks. The dose may be increased to 50 mg once daily based on individual efficacy and tolerability. The tablets should swallowed whole with water and should not be chewed, divided, or crushed. Dosage Form: Extended-release tablets: 25 and 50 mgFor More Information: http://myrbetriq.com
Foscavir InjectionMarketed by: Clinigen Healthcare, a division of Clinigen Group (Burton-on-Trent, England)Indication: The FDA approved Clinigen Healthcare’s supplemental new drug application for Foscavir (foscarnet sodium) Injection. Foscavir is indicated for the treatment of cytomegalovirus retinitis in patients with AIDS and for the treatment of acyclovir-resistant mucocutaneous herpes simplex virus infections in immunocompromised patients. Clinigen appointed Hospira to distribute Foscavir on an emergency basis in September 2011, and the company will retain the exclusive right to market, promote, and distribute the product in the United States.Dosage Form: Solution for intravenous infusion: 250-mL bottles containing 6000 mg foscarnet sodium (24 mg/mL)For More Information: www.clinigen.co.uk/foscavir
