Hot Rx

	Vitafol-One
	Marketed by: Everett Laboratories, Inc (West Orange, NJ)Indication: Vitafol-One is an all-in-one prenatal supplement containing docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) indicated to provide vitamin, mineral, and omega-3 fatty acid supplementation prior to conception, during pregnancy, and throughout the postnatal period. Each small, once-daily softgel capsule contains iodine 150 mcg, vitamin D 1000 IU, folic acid 1 mg, and other essential vitamins and minerals, in addition to DHA from plant sources. Vitafol-One contains no fish or fish by-products, and is gluten, lactose, and sugar free. The recommended dosage is one softgel capsule daily.Dosage Form: Softgel capsules: available in boxes of unit-dose packs of 30 (5 child-resistant blister cards of 6 softgel capsules)For More Information: 877-324-9349

	Brilinta
	Marketed by: AstraZeneca (Wilmington, DE)Indication: AstraZeneca announced the approval of Brilinta (ticagrelor) tablets to reduce the rate of thrombotic cardiovascular events in patients with acute coronary syndrome (unstable angina, non-ST elevation myocardial infarction, or ST elevation myocardial infarction). A P2Y12 platelet inhibitor, Brilinta was studied in combination with aspirin, but the effectiveness of Brilinta is decreased when taken with aspirin doses above 100 mg. After an initial loading dose of 325 mg of aspirin, Brilinta should be used with maintenance doses of aspirin between 75 and 100 mg. Like other antiplatelet agents, Brilinta carries a boxed warning against the risk of increased bleeding. Patients with a history of intracranial hemorrhage, active pathological bleeding, or severe hepatic impairment should not take Brilinta.Dosage Form: Tablets: 90 mgFor More Information: www.brilintatouchpoints.com

	Nithiodote
	Marketed by: Hope Pharmaceuticals (Scottsdale, AZ)Indication: Nithiodote (sodium nitrate injection, USP and sodium thiosulfate injection, USP) is indicated for the treatment of acute cyanide poisoning that is judged to be life threatening. Because sodium nitrate can cause serious adverse effects, including hypotension and methemoglobin formation, and even death at doses lower than therapeutic levels, Nithiodote should only be used in patients with confirmed cases of cyanide poisoning. Blood pressure must be monitored during administration. Alternative therapies should be considered in patients with diminished oxygen or cardiovascular function and in those at higher risk of developing methemoglobinemia.Dosage Form: Intravenous injection: 1 vial of sodium nitrate injection, USP 300 mg/10 mL and 1 vial of sodium thiosulfate injection, USP 12.5 g/50 mLFor More Information: www.hopepharm.com

	Nulojix
	Marketed by: Bristol-Myers Squibb (Princeton, NJ)Indication: Nulojix (belatacept) is the first selective T-cell costimulation blocker indicated for the prophylaxis of organ rejection in adults receiving a kidney transplant to be approved by the FDA. Nulojix is administered in combination with basiliximab induction, myophenolate mofetil, and corticosteroids, and should be used only in patients who are positive for Epstein-Barr virus. It is administered by intravenous infusion over 30 minutes, and is not approved for the prophylaxis of other transplanted organs. Nulojix carries a boxed warning against post-transplant lymphoproliferative disorder, other malignancies, and serious infections.Dosage Form: Lyophilized powder for intravenous injection: 250 mg per vialFor More Information: www.nulojix.com
