Hot Rx 

	

	MyKidz Iron FL 

	Marketed by: Tris Pharma, Inc. (Monmouth Junction, NJ)

	Indication: MyKidz Iron FL is now available for infants and children whose diets lack iron, vitamins A, C, and D, and fluoride. Each 2-mL dose contains 10 mg of elemental iron, 1500 IU of vitamin A, 35 mg of vitamin C, 400 IU of vitamin D, and 0.25 mg of fluoride. Its patent-pending, taste-neutral formula eliminates strong metallic taste and reduces the chance of teeth staining typically associated with iron supplements. The MyKidz family of products also includes the nonprescription formulations MyKidz Iron and MyKidz Iron 10.

	Dosage Form: Liquid suspension: 4-oz bottles with oral dispenser

	For More Information: www.mykidziron.com

	

	Androgel 1.62% 

	Marketed by: Abbott Laboratories (Abbott Park, IL)

	Indication: AndroGel (testosterone gel) 1.62% for topical use CIII is an androgen for replacement therapy in men with conditions associated with a deficiency or absence of endogenous testosterone, including congenital or acquired primary hypogonadism and congenital or acquired hypogonadatropic hypogonadism. The starting dose is 40.5 mg of testosterone (2 pump actuations), applied once daily in the morning to clean, intact skin of the shoulders and upper arms. It should not be applied to other parts of the body.

	Dosage Form: Topical gel in metered-dose pump: 1 actuation delivers 20.25 mg of testosterone

	For More Information: www.abbott.com

	

	Lamictal XR

	Marketed by: GlaxoSmithKline (Research Triangle Park, NC)

	Indication: The FDA approved Lamictal XR (lamotrigine) extended-release tablets for conversion to monotherapy in patients 13 years and older with partial seizures taking 1 antiepileptic drug (AED). Lamictal XR was previously approved as an add-on treatment for patients of this age group who experience partial seizures and primary generalized tonic-clonic seizures. Conversion to monotherapy requires slow titration dependent on concomitant AEDs, with a target therapeutic dosage range of 250 to 300 mg daily. Lamictal XR carries a boxed warning against potentially lifethreatening skin rashes.

	Dosage Form: Extended-release tablets: 25, 50, 100, 200, and 300 mg

	For More Information: www.gsk.com

	

	Nexiclon XR 

	Marketed by: NextWave Pharmaceuticals (Cupertino, CA)

	Indication: NextWave Pharmaceuticals announced the launch of Nexiclon XR (clonidine), an extended-release, once-daily medication for the treatment for hypertension. Nexiclon XR is available as a tablet and an oral suspension, and can be taken as monotherapy or concomitantly with other antihypertensive medications. The initial dose is 0.17 mg once daily. The daily dose can be increased in increments of 0.09 mg on a weekly basis until a maintenance dose is achieved. The safety and effectiveness of Nexiclon XR have not been evaluated in children.

	Dosage Form: Extended-release tablets: 0.17 and 0.26 mg; extended-release oral suspension: 0.09 mg/mL

	For More Information: www.nexiclonxr.com
