HOT RxAmturnide
	Marketed by:
	Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corp (East Hanover, NJ)Indication: 
	The FDA approved Amturnide (aliskiren, amlodipine, and hydrochlorothiazide) tablets for the treatment of hypertension. Amturnide combines the only approved direct renin inhibitor, Tekturna, with the calcium channel blocker amlodipine and the diuretic hydrochlorothiazide. Together, inhibition of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system, inhibition of calcium channel–mediated vasoconstriction, and increase of sodium chloride excretion lowers blood pressure to a greater degree than the individual components. Amturnide is approved for patients whose blood pressure is not adequately controlled with any 2 of its individual components and is not indicated as initial therapy for hypertension.Dosage Form:
	Tablets containing aliskiren/amlodipine/hydrochlorothiazide: 150/5/12.5 mg, 300/5/12.5 mg, 300/5/25 mg, 300/10/12.5 mg, and 300/10/25 mgFor More Information:www.novartis.com

	ElestrinMarketed by: 
	Azur Pharma Inc (Philadelphia, PA)Indication:
	Elestrin (estradiol 0.06%) gel is indicated for the treatment of moderate- to-severe vasomotor symptoms associated with menopause. The product is now available in a dual pack carton that contains 2 pump containers, each of which delivers 26 g of gel as 30 metered actuations, for a total of 52 g of gel as 60 metered actuations. One pump actuation delivers 0.87 g of Elestrin, which contains 0.52 mg of estradiol. Estrogens like Elestrin should be used with the lowest effective dose and for the shortest possible duration consistent with an individual woman’s treatment goals and risks.How Supplied: 
	Estradiol 0.06% gel in a nonaerosol, metereddose pump packaged individually or as a 2-pump packFor More Information: www.elestrin.comAnalpram Advanced KitMarketed by: 
	Ferndale Laboratories (Ferndale, MI)Indication:
	The Analpram Advanced Kit provides a therapeutic regimen of internal and external treatments for patients with hemorrhoids. Each kit contains 3 components: Analpram HC 2.5% (hydrocortisone acetate 2.5% and pramoxine HCl 1%) cream to relieve the burning, stinging, and itching associated with hemorrhoids; Vasculera, a specially formulated medical food for the dietary management of chronic venous insufficiency; and AloeClean wipes for gentle external cleansing.How Supplied:
	opical kit: either one 1-oz tube of Analpram HC 2.5% with 30 tablets of Vasculera and 14 AloeClean wipes or thirty 4-g tubes of Analpram HC 2.5% with 30 tablets of Vasculera and 30 AloeClean wipesFor More Information:www.ferndalehealthcare.com
	866-668-7482Viibryd
	Marketed by: 
	Clinical Data Inc (Newton, MA)Indication:
	The FDA approved Viibryd (vilazodone HCl) tablets for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD) in adults. MDD is one of the most common mental disorders in the United States, affecting approximately 18 million individuals. Viibryd is a new molecular entity, and the first and only selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor and 5HT1A receptor partial agonist. Its mechanism of action is thought to be related to its enhancement of serotonergic activity in the central nervous system. Viibryd must not be used concomitantly in patients who currently take monoamine oxidase inhibitors or have taken them within the preceding 14 days.Dosage Form:
	Tablets: 10, 20, and 40 mgFor More Information: www.viibryd.comEdarbi
	Marketed by: 
	Takeda Pharmaceuticals North America Inc (Deerfield, IL)Indication: 
	The FDA approved Edarbi (azilsartan medoxomil) for the treatment of hypertension is adults. Edarbi is an angiotensin II receptor blocker that lowers blood pressure by blocking the action of angiotensin II, a vasopressor hormone that constricts blood vessels. Blood pressure can be reduced when the blood vessels stay relaxed and open. Edarbi can be used as monotherapy or in combination with other antihypertensive medications. The recommended dose of Edarbi in adults is 80 mg once daily. A starting dose of 40 mg may be appropriate for patients on high doses of diuretics.Dosage Form:
	Tablets: 40 and 80 mgFor More Information: www.edarbi.com/default.aspxAtelvia
	Marketed by:
	Warner Chilcott (US), LLC (Rockaway, NJ)Indication:
	The FDA approved Atelvia (risedronate sodium) delayed-release tablets, Warner Chilcott’s next-generation Actonel product. Atelvia is a biphosphonate in a delayed-release formulation indicated for the treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis. Patients should take one 35-mg tablet once per week in the morning immediately following breakfast with at least 4 oz of plain water, and must not lie down for 30 minutes after taking Atelvia. Patients who cannot stand or sit upright for at least 30 minutes and those with hypocalcemia or abnormalities of the esophagus that delay esophageal emptying should not take Atelvia. Because they have the same active ingredient, patients taking Actonel should not be treated with Atelvia.Dosage Form:
	Delayed-released tablets: 35 mgFor More Information:www.atelvia.comZovirax Ointment 5%, 30 G
	Marketed by:
	Coria Laboratories, a division of Valeant Pharmaceuticals North America LLC (Aliso Viejo, California)Indication:
	Valeant Pharmaceuticals North America LLC is pleased to announce that it has acquired the marketing rights for a new 30-g pack size for Zovirax (acyclovir) Ointment 5% for the United States from GlaxoSmithKline. The 30-g pack size provides added convenience and decreases the likelihood of patients running out of antiviral efficacy during their initial outbreak of genital herpes. Zovirax Ointment 5% is indicated in the management of initial genital herpes and in limited non–life-threatening mucocutaneous herpes simplex virus infections in immunocompromised patients. Zovirax Cream 5% is also available.Dosage Form:
	Ointment: 15- and 30-g tubesFor More Information:www.Zoviraxhcp.comRituxan
	Marketed by: 
	Genentech, a member of the Roche Group (South San Francisco, CA) and Biogen Idec (Weston, MA)Indication:
	Rituxan (rituximab) was approved by the FDA as a maintenance treatment for patients with advanced follicular lymphoma who responded to initial treatment with Rituxan plus chemotherapy (induction treatment). Follicular lymphoma is a cancer of the blood and a common type of non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma (NHL). Rituxan was previously approved for the treatment of NHL, chronic lymphocytic leukemia, and rheumatoid arthritis (RA) in combination with methotrexate in adult patients with moderately to severely active RA who have inadequate response to 1 or more tumor necrosis factor antagonist therapies.Dosage Form: 
	Single-use vials: 100 mg/10 mL and 500 mg/50 mLFor More Information:www.rituxan.com
