

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-17-077043
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		140
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20170309
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20170309
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AdvancePierre Foods Holdings
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001669792
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		IRS NUMBER:				263712208
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37826
		FILM NUMBER:		17679280
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9987 CARVER ROAD
		CITY:			BLUE ASH
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45242
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(800) 969-2747
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9987 CARVER ROAD
		CITY:			BLUE ASH
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45242












 


Washington
 D.C. 20549 







For the fiscal year ended December&nbsp;31
 2016 





For the transition period from
 to


AdvancePierre
Foods Holdings
&nbsp;Inc. 





















9987 Carver Road
 Suite 500
 Blue Ash
 OH






Registrant&#146;s telephone number
 including area code: (800)










Name of Each Exchange on Which
Registered

Common Stock
 $0.01 par value





 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
not required to file reports pursuant to Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9746; 

Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website
 if any
 (&#167;232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9746;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9744; 
 is not
contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#146;s knowledge
 or any amendment
to this 

 an accelerated filer
 a
 filer
 or a smaller reporting company (as defined in Rule 
















































 2016
 the effective date of the registrant&#146;s initial public offering
 the aggregate market value of common stock held
 of the registrant was approximately $679.4&nbsp;million. The registrant elected to use the July&nbsp;20
 2016 effective date of its initial public offering for the calculation because on the
last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter
 July&nbsp;2
 2016
 the registrant was a private company. The registrant had 78
148
120 shares of its common stock
 par value $0.01
 outstanding as of March&nbsp;1
 2017. 


Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 




ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
 INC. 

For the Fiscal Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2016 






















































































Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 










































































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 












































































 



 


contains &#147;forward-looking statements.&#148; All statements


statements concerning our plans
 objectives
 goals
 strategies
 future events
 future sales or performance
 financing needs
 plans or intentions relating to acquisitions
 business trends and other information referred to under &#147;Item 1.


&#148;
&#147;expects
&#148; &#147;contemplates&#148;
 &#147;anticipates
&#148; &#147;projects
&#148; &#147;plans
&#148; &#147;intends
&#148; &#147;believes
&#148; &#147;forecasts
&#148; &#147;may
&#148; &#147;should&#148; and variations of such words or
similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are not historical facts
 and are based upon our current expectations
 beliefs and projections
 and various assumptions
 many of which
 by their
nature
 are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. Our expectations
 beliefs and projections are expressed in good faith and we believe there is a reasonable basis for them. However
 there can be no assurance that management&#146;s
expectations
 beliefs and projections will occur or be achieved and actual results may vary materially from what is expressed in or indicated by the forward-looking statements. 

Unless
otherwise noted or the context otherwise requires
 &#147;AdvancePierre Foods
&#148; &#147;we
&#148; &#147;us
&#148; &#147;our&#148; or the &#147;Company
&#148; refer to AdvancePierre Foods Holdings
 Inc. 






 convenient
 sandwiches
 sandwich components and other entr&eacute;es and snacks. We hold the number one or number two market share position by sales or volume in nearly
all our major product categories
 with net sales of $1.6&nbsp;billion in the fiscal year ended December&nbsp;31
 2016 (&#147;Fiscal 2016&#148;) and the fiscal year ended January&nbsp;2
 2016 (&#147;Fiscal 2015&#148;). We offer a differentiated value
proposition to our customers due to our scale
 broad product portfolio
 customization capabilities
 national distribution and food safety track record. 

900 stock keeping units (&#147;SKUs&#148;) across all day parts in multiple product categories
 sandwiches (such as breakfast sandwiches
 peanut butter and jelly (&#147;PB&amp;J&#148;) sandwiches and hamburgers); (2) sandwich
components (such as flame-grilled hamburgers and chicken patties and Philly steaks) and (3)&nbsp;other entr&eacute;es and snacks (such as country fried steak
 stuffed entr&eacute;es
 chicken tenders and cinnamon dough bites). In Fiscal 2016
 66.7%
 sandwiches and sandwich component categories. Our products are shipped frozen to our customers and
sold under our commercial and retail brands
We control more steps within the production
process than most of our competitors. This integrated approach allows us to add value throughout our processes
 generate attractive margins and provides us with a significant competitive advantage. Our value-added processes include recipe
formulation
 by chopping
 breading
 seasoning and marinating
 food preparation by baking
 charring
 frying and grilling
 assembly and packaging. Our integrated bread and biscuit production
capabilities are a key differentiator due to proprietary formulations that (based on consumer testing data) produce superior tasting sandwiches. 
 




000 customers and have an average relationship tenure of
approximately 20&nbsp;years with our top 20 customers and enjoy &#147;category captain&#148; status (meaning
 preferred vendor status)
 for many of our product categories with our largest foodservice customers. We employ a customer-centric approach
which is rooted in market-leading R&amp;D capabilities
 product quality and customer service. We have dedicated marketing and sales teams for each of our channels to serve the specific needs of our customers. In many cases
 we collaborate with our
customers to develop new products
 customizing recipes and flavors in a cost efficient manner. We believe our customer-centric approach gives us a competitive advantage while helping our customers grow their businesses
 which
 in turn
 can lead to
We sell our value-added products to the foodservice
 retail and convenience channels
 which
correspond to our three core segments. We also sell our products in the industrial channel. We believe our diversification across these channels provides us with a stable revenue base through economic cycles. In Fiscal 2016
 54.2% of our net sales
were generated from our Foodservice segment
 where our commercial brands are highly sought-after and trusted by chefs
 cooks and other purchasers. In our Retail segment
 in addition to selling our branded products
 we also leverage our R&amp;D
 exclusive products and packaging designs with our customers under their private label brands. In our Convenience segment
 we are a leading supplier of


 organic volume growth
 healthy margins
 modest capital expenditures and limited working
capital requirements. These characteristics enable our business to generate strong cash flows. Our earnings profile also benefits from a lean selling
 general and administrative (&#147;SG&amp;A&#148;) cost structure and a scaled
 efficient supply
chain network. We intend to use these attributes to enhance stockholder value by paying regular dividends
 reducing our indebtedness
 strategically deploying our capital to fund organic growth opportunities and financing value-enhancing
acquisitions. Our values are
 Passion for Food
 Respect
 Integrity
 Profitable Growth
We have
expanded our business platform scale through several strategic merger and acquisition transactions: 






 we combined Pierre Foods
 Inc.
 Advance Food Company
 Inc. and Advance Brands
 LLC. to create our principal wholly-owned subsidiary
 AdvancePierre Foods
 Inc. Pierre Foods
 Inc. was founded in 1946 in
Cincinnati
 Ohio
 and held leading market positions in handheld sandwiches and other value-added meals and snacks
 serving the Foodservice
 Retail and Convenience channels. Advance Food Company
 Inc. was a family owned business founded in 1973 in
Enid
 Oklahoma
 and was a leading developer
 producer and marketer of a wide variety of value-added
 products serving the
Foodservice channel. Advance Brands
 LLC was formed in 2001 and was a leader in producing convenient chicken and beef products serving the Retail channel. 






 we acquired Barber Foods
 a leading producer and marketer of stuffed chicken entr&eacute;es primarily for the Retail channel. 







 we acquired the wholesale business and production operations of Landshire
 Inc.
 an Illinois-based producer of premium frozen
 sandwiches. In April 2015
 we acquired the business and production assets of Better Bakery
 a producer of premium handcrafted stuffed sandwiches.







 we acquired Allied Specialty Foods
 Inc. (&#147;Allied&#148;)
 a producer of fully cooked and raw beef and chicken Philly steak products. 

 2016
 which is currently listed on the New York
Stock Exchange (the &#147;NYSE&#148;) under the symbol &#147;APFH.&#148; 
 



 

 2013 (&#147;Fiscal 2013&#148;) and the year ended January 3
 2015 (&#147;Fiscal 2014&#148;)
 we revamped our
cost structure
 budgeting tools and pricing methodology by implementing a continuous improvement program that we call the &#147;APF Way.&#148; The APF Way uses a data-driven analytical framework to drive growth and profitability through improved
commercial decision-making
 excellence in sales and marketing and improved productivity in procurement
 logistics and production. We believe that the APF Way has fundamentally changed the cost structure of our business and has been a major factor in
our recent volume
 sales and profitability growth. Initially
 trade promotion allowances
 resulting in
approximately $157.0&nbsp;million in implemented annualized savings between Fiscal 2014 and Fiscal 2016. In addition
 we eliminated approximately $155.0&nbsp;million of sales associated with lower margin contracts. We have invested in new systems
and processes that enable us to deliver continuous productivity savings and effectively manage margins and profitability. Our Adjusted EBITDA margin
 which we calculate as Adjusted EBITDA divided by net sales
 expanded from 10.9% in Fiscal 2013 to
19.1% in Fiscal 2016
 even as our raw material costs varied. In our three core segments
 our net sales and volume grew at a compounded annual growth rate of 5.8% and 3.4%
 respectively
 between Fiscal 2013 and Fiscal 2016. We believe that these
investments and our disciplined-approach will allow us to continue to deliver attractive margins and opportunities for growth. &#147;See Item 7. Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#148; for a
We manage and report our business in four segments
 with Foodservice
 Retail and
Convenience representing our core segments. Our fourth segment
 Industrial
 agreements. Fiscal 2016 net sales by segment were as
follows: 

Our Foodservice customers include leading national and regional distributors
 such as restaurant operators
 schools
 healthcare providers
 hospitality providers and the U.S. military. We supply 95 of the largest 100 school districts in the
US
 directly and through distributors
 and work closely with such school districts to develop nutritious
 good quality meal options that deliver good value for money. We also directly supply many national restaurant chains. 



 PB&amp;J sandwiches and hamburgers)
 sandwich components (such as flame-grilled hamburgers and chicken patties and Philly steaks) and other
entr&eacute;es and snacks (such as country fried steak
 stuffed entr&eacute;es
 chicken tenders and cinnamon dough bites). We primarily sell our products under our own commercial brands
 which are highly sought-after and trusted by chefs
 cooks and
other purchasers. For Fiscal 
 




2016
 69.7% of our Foodservice net sales were attributable to our own commercial brands
 such as 
 
 

As Foodservice operators attempt to differentiate and
broaden their product offerings
 they are more frequently working with solution-oriented partners with strong new product development capabilities and national distribution scales
 such as AdvancePierre Foods. 
We serve a wide array of Retail customers including national and regional grocery chains
 major warehouse club stores


 grilled chicken sandwiches and stuffed pockets)
 sandwich components (such as chicken patties and Philly steaks)
 and other entr&eacute;es and snacks
(such as stuffed chicken breasts). In addition to selling our branded products
 exclusive products and packaging designs with our Retail customers under
their private label brands. For Fiscal 2016
 65.2% of our Retail net sales were attributable to our Retail brands
 such as 
 
 32.5% to private label brands and the rest to licensed




 we sell to approximately 100
000 vending locations in the US. 

 sandwiches (such as breakfast sandwiches and hamburgers)
 sandwich components (such as chicken patties)
 and other entr&eacute;es and snacks (such as
cinnamon dough bites). We are able to meet specific demands from our Convenience customers by providing private label brand products and innovative new products. For Fiscal 2016
 70.5% of our Convenience net sales were attributable to our retail
brands
 such as 
In order to
optimize capacity utilization across our production network
 agreements with other food producers
 such as packaged food companies. Due to the lower
margin nature of this business
 we have strategically reduced sales in this segment. As a result
 sales from this segment decreased from 15.7% of net sales in Fiscal 2013 to 5.0% of net sales in Fiscal 2016. 

 see the audited consolidated financial statements
 which are included in Part II
Item 8 of this Form 
 



 



 PB&amp;J sandwiches and hamburgers); (2)&nbsp;sandwich components (such as flame-grilled hamburgers and chicken
patties and Philly steaks); and (3)&nbsp;other entr&eacute;es and snacks (such as country fried steak
 stuffed entr&eacute;es
 chicken tenders
 popcorn chicken and cinnamon dough bites). We market and distribute approximately 2
900 SKUs across all
day parts to a diverse mix of customers in our Foodservice
 Retail
 Convenience and Industrial segments. Many of our products have been customized to fit specific customer needs. In Fiscal 2016
 66.7% of our net sales were attributable to the
 sandwiches and sandwich component categories. Our products are shipped frozen to our customers and sold under our commercial and retail brands
as well as private label and licensed brands. Additional information related to our products is included in the table below. 































































































 lunch and dinner sandwiches
 and produce over 600&nbsp;million sandwiches per year
 which we ship
frozen to our customers. We possess vertically integrated bakery
 production and assembly capabilities which differentiate us from our competitors and support high margins in this product category.&nbsp;Our superior bread quality is an important
 sandwiches are sold under a variety of our own brands
 such as 
 
and

 We are a leading
producer of sandwich components
brand)
brand)
 pork rib patties
 chicken
patties
 meatballs and fajita steaks. All of our sandwich components are also offered under leading private label distributor brands in our Foodservice segment and leading private label brands. 
. We are a leading producer of convenient entr&eacute;es and snacks
 including stuffed
brand)
brand)
brand)
 crispy sausage snacks and cinnamon dough bites. 
 




 Fiscal 2015 and
Fiscal 2014: 







































































































































































































Leading Market Positions in Attractive
 Growing Categories 

positioned to capitalize on growth in our markets. We are the number one player with market shares ranging from approximately 35% to 70% in our top five product categories
 which represented 67% of our net sales in Fiscal 2016. Within most of our
major product categories
 we are the only full-service operator of scale and compete against smaller
 regional players with limited product breadth
 production capacity and capabilities. We typically do not compete against large packaged food
We produce over 600&nbsp;million sandwiches
 sandwiches and sandwich components. We are a leading provider of lunch and dinner
sandwiches to the Foodservice
 Retail and Convenience channels. Our superior bread quality is an important purchase driver for our sandwiches. 
Long-Standing
 Collaborative Customer Relationships Create a High Barrier to Entry 

entry. For Fiscal 2016
 our top ten customers accounted for 58.2% of our net sales
 with our three largest customers
 Sysco Corporation Inc.
 U.S. Foods
 Inc. and Walmart Stores Inc. (including Sam&#146;s Club) accounting for 13.7%
 12.3% and 10.8%
respectively
 of our net sales in Fiscal 2016. Our three largest customers collectively source over 1


an important supplier and giving us a stable and consistent revenue base. Sales to Sysco Corporation Inc. and U.S. Foods
 Inc. are primarily generated in the Foodservice segment. Sales to Walmart Stores Inc. (including Sam&#146;s Club) is primarily
We have deep and collaborative relationships with an average tenure of approximately 20 years with our
top 20 customers and maintain our relationships through our segment-focused marketing teams and an experienced sales force of approximately 100 associates who work closely with customers to meet their needs. Our Foodservice commercial brands are
highly sought-after and trusted by chefs
 cooks and other purchasers for their consistent food safety
 premium quality and taste profile. Given our track record
 we enjoy &#147;category captain&#148; status in many of our product categories. 
 




900 SKUs for our customers
 who source a high volume and a variety of
products from us
 making us an important supplier and partner. We expect to continue to have a competitive advantage as our customers focus on large scale suppliers in order to streamline and optimize their supply chains. We offer a differentiated
value proposition to our customers due to our scale
 broad product portfolio
 customization capabilities
 national distribution and food safety track record. 
On-Trend

We believe
our customer-centric approach
 which is rooted in market-leading R&amp;D capabilities
 product quality and customer service
 differentiates us from our competitors and has allowed us to accelerate our organic growth and improve our profitability.
Our product innovation and R&amp;D expertise span areas such as flavor development
 recipe formulation
 nutrition science
 bakery science and food safety. In recent years
 we have enhanced our new product development and customer insight
capabilities
 and
 in 2015
 we opened a modern and efficient 3
200 square foot R&amp;D facility in West Chester
The food industry
today is characterized by rapidly changing menus and evolving consumer taste profiles. In this environment
 new products with flavor profiles that differentiate
their offerings and successfully commercialize new products with speed and efficiency. We launched approximately 600 new SKUs in the last three years
 accounting for 11.1% of our net sales in Fiscal 2016. Our innovation team along with our sales and
 highly customized products and together
 they are able to deliver rapid mobilized responses to our customers&#146; requests. 


 scaled production
 procurement and logistics network with low production
 freight and warehousing costs and believe
our efficient cost structure provides a sustainable competitive advantage and enables us to offer a customized and varied set of products to our customers at competitive prices. 

 (excluding bread for our PB&amp;J sandwiches). Our eleven production facilities benefit from economies of scale
 which
 when combined with our national distribution capabilities
 differentiate us from
our competitors and make us a valuable supplier for both national and regional customers. Except for the production facility previously owned by Allied
 which we acquired in October 2016 and are in the process of improving
 all of our facilities
have achieved Safe Quality Food (&#147;SQF&#148;) Level&nbsp;3 certification
 the highest level of such certification from the Global Food Safety Initiative (&#147;GFSI&#148;). 
We
have an attractive financial profile with steady
 organic volume growth in our core segments
 healthy margins
 modest capital expenditures and limited working capital requirements. 

protected given our ability to proactively adjust pricing frequently to reflect input cost movements with minimal lag time. Only 17.9% of our net sales in Fiscal 2016 were subject to fixed price arrangements. We also have a lean and scalable cost
structure and plan to continue leveraging the APF Way to deliver operational productivity savings
 improve our business mix and increase the effectiveness of our trade promotion allowances. 

 with maintenance expenditures typically averaging approximately 1% of our
net sales. 
 



 

 executing and integrating acquisitions
 beginning with the combination of Pierre Foods
 Inc.
with Advance Food Company
 Inc. and Advance Brands
 LLC in 2010. Given our scale and breadth of capabilities
 we believe we are well positioned to consolidate the fragmented industry in which we operate. We maintain a highly disciplined approach to
acquisitions
 focusing on opportunities that diversify our products
 add production capabilities
 expand production capacity and allow for meaningful synergy realization. In addition to realizing cost synergies
 we leverage our sales teams to expand
Since 2011
 we have
completed four accretive acquisitions. In June 2011
 we acquired Barber Foods
 a producer of premium stuffed entr&eacute;es
 which strengthened our retail presence and expanded our chicken-based product offering. In January 2015
 we acquired the
wholesale business and production assets of Landshire
 which broadened our portfolio of premium sandwiches to include sliced meat sandwiches and added incremental
 margin-enhancing baking and assembly production capabilities. In April 2015
 we
acquired the business and production assets of Better Bakery to expand into stuffed sandwiches
 sandwich categories. In October 2016
 we
acquired Allied
 a producer of beef and chicken Philly steak products
 which we expect will expand our market position in Philly steaks by adding fully cooked product offerings. The addition of Allied also expands our geographic reach and increases
our sandwich component production capacity. 

capabilities in R&amp;D
 sales and marketing. Our management team has an average of 25 years of expertise in the Foodservice
 Retail and Convenience industries and has demonstrated its ability to deliver on key strategic actions
 which have
transformed our business performance. In the last two years
 our management team&#146;s key accomplishments include implementation of the APF Way
 the successful integration of two value-enhancing acquisitions and significant margin improvement.
Between October 2013 and November&nbsp;9
 2016
 our management team was led by our President and Chief Executive Officer
 John Simons. On
November&nbsp;9
 2016
 in response to Mr.&nbsp;Simons&#146; planned retirement in 2017
 we announced a succession and transition plan for the President and Chief Executive Officer positions. As part of the plan
 Christopher Sliva
 who has over a
decade of experience as a public food company executive
 became our President and a member of our board of directors. It is anticipated that Mr.&nbsp;Simons will remain as our Chief Executive Officer until March&nbsp;31
 2017
 when he will retire
and be succeeded by Mr.&nbsp;Sliva as our President and Chief Executive Officer. 


 Retail and Convenience


 with a 47% market share
 in breakfast sandwiches sold in the
Convenience channel
 based on a survey that we compiled in 2014. We are also the largest supplier of private label breakfast sandwiches in the Retail channel
 with a 71% market share
 according to IRI data prepared in 2016. Private label sales of
Retail frozen breakfast sandwiches is an underpenetrated market compared with the frozen food market
 and
 therefore
 we believe that area is poised for significant growth. We will continue to leverage our sandwich expertise and customer
relationships to grow our market share in breakfast sandwiches in the Retail channel
We
believe we have multiple growth opportunities across our core segments. In Foodservice
 we plan to expand distribution of our products to new customers
 such as national chains
 schools and hospitality providers.

 




In Retail
 in addition to growing our sandwich business
and expanding distribution within rapidly growing
dollar stores. In Convenience
 we are expanding our breakfast product portfolio
products. We are also expanding our lineup of products to take advantage of recent consumer
trends
 and have successfully launched snacking-oriented products
 such as PB&amp;J snack bars and cinnamon dough bites
 products
 such as all
natural breaded poultry. 

 combined with our
 products
 will enable us to continue to introduce successful new products to drive sales growth and margin improvement
Our R&amp;D team is focused on developing products in line with key consumer trends
 such as breakfast sandwiches


 nutrition guidelines
 premium offerings for club stores and new limited




 our dynamic pricing
model and our ability to generate ongoing productivity savings by leveraging the APF Way. In addition
 our focus on improving our product mix
 leveraging our scalable organizational structure and realizing synergies from acquisitions supports our
margin profile. Under the APF Way
 we are implementing multiple programs across the areas of production
 procurement
 commercial and logistics that we expect will deliver ongoing productivity savings and help offset potential operational headwinds
and cost inflation. 

many opportunities to execute accretive transactions. For example
 in October 2016
 we acquired Allied
 a producer of beef and chicken Philly steak products
 which we expect will expand our market position in Philly steaks by adding fully cooked
product offerings. The acquisition of Allied will also expand our geographic reach and increase our sandwich component production capacity. Our integration expertise allows us to rapidly capture cost synergies and we are able to generate revenue
synergies by leveraging existing customer relationships and marketing expertise to cross-sell products across channels. Our management team has an active pipeline of acquisition opportunities and maintains a regular dialogue with potential targets.


 thereby creating value for our stockholders.
We also expect to return capital to our stockholders through regular dividend payments. We paid regular quarterly cash dividends of $0.14 per share in the third and fourth quarters of Fiscal 2016 (September 28
 2016 and December&nbsp;6
 2016)
 and
declared a dividend on February&nbsp;16
 2017 of $0.16 per share for first quarter 2017
 which was paid on March&nbsp;6
 2017. The 2017 first quarter dividend reflects an increase of 14.3% and we expect to continue to pay regular quarterly cash
dividends
 subject to the approval of our Board of Directors. 
 



 

 U.S. Foods
 Inc. and Walmart Stores Inc.
(including Sam&#146;s Club) accounted for 13.7%
 12.3% and 10.8%
 respectively
 of our net sales in Fiscal 2016. Our three largest customers source over 1



 Fiscal 2015 or Fiscal 2014. Our top ten
customers accounted for 58.2% of our net sales in Fiscal 2016. In Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014
 the top ten customers accounted for 53.4% and 54.7%
 respectively. 

$15.4&nbsp;million and $20.0&nbsp;million in Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014
 respectively. None of our long-lived assets were located outside of the US during Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 or Fiscal 2014. 
We
maintain sales and distribution functions to support sales within our three core segments and have approximately 145 employees within our segment-specific sales and marketing teams. We also rely on our
 customer service team. In addition
 demand management team manages customer forecasts
 orders
 deliveries and feedback. 
Approximately 30 marketing professionals
 70 direct sales representatives and 15 national and regional brokers
 team is responsible for developing tailored marketing and sales solutions for our
customers. Our marketing and sales teams interact directly with major participants in the Foodservice distribution chain
 including distributors
 redistributors
 contract management companies


 but we also ship directly to select customers
 including large school districts
 select national restaurant chains and
We employ approximately 15 marketing professionals
 15 direct sales representatives and 10
national and regional brokers to service our retail customers. Our sales and marketing teams are designed to provide direct support to our top retail customers
 to facilitate responsive and rapid product development


 we work closely with our network of sales brokers to meet the needs of these customers. Most Retail customers either collect their products from our
distribution centers or request that we deliver products to their distribution centers. Certain smaller customers receive shipments from redistributors that collect products from our distribution centers. 
Six marketing professionals
 nine direct sales representatives and 13 national and regional brokers service our
Convenience customers. The team provides direct support to our top Convenience customers
 thereby facilitating responsive and rapid product development
 promotion planning and
execution. For smaller customers
 we work closely with our network of sales brokers and distributors that deliver products to stores. The majority of large Convenience customers receive products through distributors
 while smaller customers often
. One sales representative within our Industrial
Our distribution
centers are located in Enid
 Oklahoma
 Cincinnati
 Ohio and Rockmart
 of our volume is picked up at our production facilities or distribution centers by our customers. For the
remainder of our volume
 we utilize third-party logistics providers to deliver products to customers and redistributor warehouses. 
 



 

 we have enhanced our new product development and customer insight capabilities and
 in 2015
 we opened a modern and efficient
3
200 square foot R&amp;D facility in West Chester
 Ohio. Our R&amp;D expertise spans the spectrum of food development from meat technology and flavor development
 to production and processing
 ingredient bakery science and nutrition formulation.
In addition
 our customer-centric model allows us to quickly respond to customer requests


 R&amp;D team is based in West Chester
 Ohio and consists of over 50 professionals
 including chefs
 food scientists and packaging engineers who are
focused on new product development
 product-quality improvements
We introduced 269
179 and 172 new SKUs
 in Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014
 respectively. New products released during Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014 accounted for 11.1% of our net sales in Fiscal 2016. R&amp;D expenditures totaled
$8.9&nbsp;million
 $6.6&nbsp;million
 $6.0&nbsp;million for Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014
 products
such as handheld breakfast sandwiches


 premium offerings for club stores and new limited time


We believe
that the ingredients and packaging used to produce our products are readily available through multiple sources. Our primary ingredients include beef
 poultry
 pork
 bread
 breadings
 cheese
 eggs
 seasonings
 soy proteins and corn. Packaging costs
account for a significantly smaller portion of our costs of goods sold than our ingredients. To mitigate the impact of commodity cost fluctuations
 we enter into a variety of purchasing arrangements with certain of our suppliers
 including those
that supply us with proteins
 seasonings and packing supplies. We have not historically entered into hedging agreements for our ingredients or packaging supplies. 
Quality and food
safety are paramount to us. As a result
 we have developed
The
quality control teams in our production facilities are independent and report directly to our corporate quality and food safety team
 a central function comprised of approximately 17 employees headed by our Senior Vice President
 Quality
 who
reports directly to our President. This structure creates strong accountability for the quality and safety of our products at a senior level within our company. There are approximately 175 salaried and hourly quality control employees located at our
We have implemented the SQF program at all of our facilities. SQF is a fully integrated food safety and quality
management protocol designed by GFSI specifically for the food sector. The SQF code offers a comprehensive methodology in food safety and quality management. The SQF certification by GFSI provides an independent and external validation that a
product
 process or service complies with international
 regulatory and other specified standards. Except for the production facility previously owned by Allied
 which we acquired in October 2016
 all of our production facilities have achieved SQF
Level&nbsp;3 Food Safety Certification
 the highest level of such certification from GFSI. We also maintain systems in all of our factories that verify and validate compliance with federal
 state and local regulations. 

high quality suppliers that are regulated by the US Department of Agriculture 
 




(&#147;USDA&#148;). In order to protect the quality and safety of our products
 we regularly inspect our suppliers&#146; production facilities and delivered products. As part of our quality and
food safety program
 our professionals continuously work with the applicable regulatory agencies
 including the USDA and the Food and Drug Administration (&#147;FDA&#148;)
 the academic community
 trade associations and our industry partners to stay
Despite our commitment to quality and
food safety
 we have previously issued recalls for our products. See &#147;Risk Factors&#151;Risks Related to Our Business.&#148; If our products become contaminated or are mislabeled
 we may be subject to product liability claims
 product recalls
and increased scrutiny by regulators
 any of which could adversely affect our business. 

 we
believe that the breadth and depth of our product portfolio and product quality
 have resulted in strong market share positions for us. Within most of our major product categories
 we are the only full-service operator of scale and compete against
smaller
 regional players with limited product breadth
 production capacity and production capabilities. We typically do not compete with large packaged food companies given our Foodservice focus and the customization requirements of our customers.
Smaller players include CTI Foods
 Devault Foods
 Lopez Foods and JTM Food Group. In certain product categories
 such as breakfast sandwiches and entr&eacute;es and snacks
 we compete with larger players such as Hormel Foods Corp.
 Hillshire
 Nestle
and The J.M. Smucker Company. We compete
 among other things
 on the basis of product quality
 total product portfolio
 price
 customer service
 ability to meet customer demands
 effective consumer marketing
 promotional activities and the ability
to identify and satisfy emerging consumer preferences. 

 directly and through distributors
 which subjects our sales volumes and
 thus
 our
operating results
 to seasonal variations. Our quarterly operating results are affected by the seasonal fluctuations of our sales and operating income. In Fiscal 2016
 we derived 16.6% of our consolidated net sales and 30.6% of our Foodservice
segment net sales from schools. Because schools comprise a significant portion of our customer base
 sales of our products tend to be lower during the summer months. These lower sales volumes negatively impact our operating profits during the third
quarter of each fiscal year. As a result of these fluctuations
 we believe that comparisons of our net sales and operating income among different quarters within a single fiscal year are not necessarily meaningful. 
We operate a single
enterprise resource planning (&#147;ERP&#148;) system for substantially all of our facilities for operations
 procurement
 receiving
 warehousing
 inventory management and order processing. We also have an integrated suite of supporting financial
demand planning and material requirements planning (&#147;MRP&#148;) software modules that are effectively integrated into our core ERP platform. This enterprise-wide systems platform provides us with four key advantages. First
 it provides us with
real-time financial and operational reports that enable rapid decision-making and execution. Second
 we efficiently process orders and ship to our customers on a &#147;one order
 one invoice&#148; basis. Third
 we can efficiently and
cost-effectively manage the forecasting
 production and inventory complexity associated with our portfolio of approximately 2
900 SKUs. In addition
 our common information technology allows us to integrate acquisitions and achieve synergies quickly.
We expect the integration of Allied to be substantially complete by July&nbsp;1
 2017. 
 



Government
 Legal and Regulatory 
Food Safety
 Product Identity
 Branding and Labeling 

 including
 among others
 the Federal Meat Inspection Act of 1906
 the Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act of
1938
 the Poultry Products Inspection Act of 1957
 the Nutrition Labeling and Education Act of 1990
 the USDA Pathogen Reduction: Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point (HACCP) Systems rule of 1996
 the Public Health Security and Bioterrorism
Preparedness&nbsp;&amp; Response Act of 2002
 the Food Safety Modernization Act of 2011 and other rules and regulations promulgated by the FDA
 of these regulatory bodies relating
to the production and introduction of human foods to commerce. These comprehensive and evolving regulatory programs govern
 among other things
 the manufacturing
 composition
 ingredients
 labeling
 packaging and safety of food
 including compliance
with specific current good manufacturing practice regulations. In addition
 the Nutrition Labeling and Education Act of 1990 prescribes the specifics
 format and content of information required to appear on the labels of food products. 

 we are also required to comply with local
municipality (city and county) as well as state regulations
 including the registration and licensing of our plants
 enforcement by state health agencies of various state standards and inspection of our facilities. 

 state and local regulation is costly and time-consuming
 but is one of our top priorities. Regulatory enforcement
actions for violations of federal
 state and local regulations may include seizure and condemnation of products
 mandatory or voluntary product recalls
 cease and desist orders
 injunctions and monetary-civil-criminal penalties. We believe that our
practices are sufficient to maintain compliance with applicable government regulations
 although there can be no assurances in this regard. It is also possible that new laws or regulations
 or changes in the enforcement of existing requirements
might require us to change our compliance programs
Employee
We are subject to certain health and safety regulations
 including regulations issued pursuant to the
Occupational Safety and Health Act. These regulations require us to comply with certain manufacturing
 health and safety standards to protect our employees from accidents. 
We are
subject to federal
 state and local environmental regulations and requirements
 including those governing discharges to air and water
 the management of hazardous substances
 the disposal of solid and hazardous wastes and the remediation of
contamination. Failure to comply with these regulations can have serious consequences for us
 including criminal as well as civil and administrative penalties
 limitations on our operations
 claims for remediation costs
 as well as alleged personal
From time to time
 we are involved in administrative or legal proceedings relating to
environmental
 health and safety matters
 and have incurred and will continue to incur capital and operating expenditures to avoid violations of these laws and regulations. 

 we do not expect that costs relating to environmental matters will have a material adverse
effect on our business
 financial position or results of operations. However
 there can be no guarantee that newly discovered information
 more stringent enforcement of or changes in environmental requirements
 or other unanticipated events will not
result in significant costs. 
 



 

 but are
not limited to
 policies that provide coverage for general and product liability
 product contamination
 property damage
 worker&#146;s compensation
 business interruption and director and officer liability. In addition
 we maintain excess insurance
where we reasonably believe it to be cost effective. 

 2016
 we had approximately 4
500 employees
 of which approximately 900 were salaried. None of our employees are
unionized
 except for approximately 90 unionized employees of Allied. The collective bargaining agreement covering the unionized employees of Allied expires in April 2020. We believe we have good relationships with our employees. However
 any
increased unionization
 work stoppage or labor disruptions due to our failure to renegotiate union contracts or increased labor costs could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. See &#147;Risk
Factors&#151;Risks Related to Our Business.&#148; 

John N. Simons
 Jr.
56

board of directors since October 2013. Mr.&nbsp;Simons also served as our President between October 2013 and November 2016. Between December 2010 and October 2013 (prior to joining us)
 Mr.&nbsp;Simons led Fir Hill Ventures
 LLC
 a consulting firm
founded by him
 that advises beef industry participants in the development of domestic and international growth strategies. Prior to his leadership at Fir Hill Ventures
 Mr.&nbsp;Simons served in a variety of leadership roles at Gregory Mountain
Products
 Swift&nbsp;&amp; Company
 Inc.
 ConAgra Foods
 Inc. and Cargill
 Inc. (companies in the agribusiness or food and consumer products industry). Mr.&nbsp;Simons was President and Chief Executive Officer of Gregory Mountain Products from 2006
to 2009
 President and Chief Executive Officer of Swift&nbsp;&amp; Company
 Inc. from 2002 to 2005 and President and Chief Operating Officer of ConAgra Foods&#146; red meat division from 1999 to 2002. Prior to joining ConAgra Foods
 Mr.&nbsp;Simons
held a variety of general manager roles at Cargill
 Inc. in the US
 Canada and Australia between 1991 and 1999. Mr.&nbsp;Simons served on the board of LiveNation Entertainment
 Inc. between 2005 and 2007
 where he chaired the compensation committee
and served on its audit committee. Mr.&nbsp;Simons holds a Bachelor of Arts in Economics and Political Science from Stanford University and a Master of Business Administration from Harvard University. 

 53
became our President and a member of our board of directors in November 2016. Prior to
joining us
 Mr.&nbsp;Sliva was President and Chief Operating Officer of TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.
 a consumer packaged food and beverage manufacturer. Mr.&nbsp;Sliva joined TreeHouse in July 2012 as Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of
TreeHouse&#146;s Bay Valley Foods operating unit. Mr.&nbsp;Sliva also served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of TreeHouse and as President of Bay Valley during his time at TreeHouse. Prior to joining TreeHouse
 Mr.&nbsp;Sliva
held various positions for Dean Foods Company between March 2006 and June 2012
 including as Chief Customer Officer for the White Wave Foods division of Dean Foods and President and Chief Operating Officer for the Morningstar division of Dean Foods.
Prior to joining Dean Foods
 Mr.&nbsp;Sliva held various leadership roles and sales and marketing positions with Eastman Kodak Company
 Fort James Corporation and Procter&nbsp;&amp; Gamble Distributing Company. Mr.&nbsp;Sliva holds a Bachelor of
Arts degree from Washington University. 
 58
 became our Senior Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer and
Treasurer in February 2012. Prior to joining us
 Mr.&nbsp;Sims spent more than two decades in accounting
 financial operations
 investor relations and corporate development roles with Chiquita Brands International
 Inc. Between August 2009 and
February 2012
 Mr.&nbsp;Sims served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Chiquita. Prior to 
 




joining Chiquita in September 1988
 Mr.&nbsp;Sims served as manager of financial reporting at Staley and in the audit department of Ernst&nbsp;&amp; Young. Mr.&nbsp;Sims presently serves on the
board of directors for the Dan Beard Council
 Boy Scouts of America. Mr.&nbsp;Sims holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from Indiana University and successfully completed the Certified Public Accountancy exam. 
George F. Chappelle
 Jr.
55
 became our Chief Operating Officer in November 2016. In this role
 Mr.&nbsp;Chappelle is
responsible for overseeing our production operations and supply chain as well as all business development activities
 including acquisitions
 divestitures and other strategic projects. Mr.&nbsp;Chappelle joined us in January 2014 as Senior Vice
President
 Supply Chain. Prior to joining us


2009 to September 2012. Prior to joining Solo Cup Co.
 Mr.&nbsp;Chappelle worked for H.J. Heinz Company and Sara Lee Corporation
 most recently as Chief Supply Chain Officer for the North American Division of Sara Lee. Mr.&nbsp;Chappelle began his
career with The Gillette Company. Mr.&nbsp;Chappelle holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Westfield State University and a Master of Science degree from Lesley University. 

 55
 became the President of our Foodservice division in July 2013 and our Chief Commercial Officer in November
2016. In these roles
 Mr.&nbsp;Clough will continue to lead the sales
 marketing and financing functions for our Foodservice business and will have additional leadership responsibilities related to our customer-centric efforts. Prior to joining us
Mr.&nbsp;Clough served as President
 Foodservice at Schwan&#146;s Food Service Inc. from June 2010 to July 2013. Prior to joining Schwan&#146;s Food
 Mr.&nbsp;Clough was President of Fresh Start Bakeries from January 2008 to October 2010.
Mr.&nbsp;Clough has also served in senior leadership positions at Bunge Foods Group
 Heinz Foodservice and ConAgra Foods. Mr.&nbsp;Clough presently serves on the board of directors for Kwik Trip
 Inc. and is also the chairman of the audit committee.
Mr.&nbsp;Clough previously served on the board of directors of the International Foodservice Manufacturers Association
 the board of the School Nutrition Foundation and the Global Child Nutrition Foundation. Mr.&nbsp;Clough received his Bachelor of
Science degree in Industrial Management from the University of Akron and a Master&#146;s degree in Liberal Arts from Baker University. Mr.&nbsp;Clough is also accredited by the School Nutrition Association as a School Nutrition Specialist. 

 56
 became our President
 Retail in November 2015. Prior to joining us
 Mr.&nbsp;Booker served as Senior Vice
President
 Customer Development at ConAgra Foods from June 2014 to November 2015. In this role
 Mr.&nbsp;Booker led the customer development team
 which spanned ConAgra Foods&#146; branded and private label businesses and was focused on the
successful execution of business initiatives with U.S. Retailers. Prior to this role
 Mr.&nbsp;Booker served as Senior Vice President
 Private Brand Sales from February 2013 to June 2014 at ConAgra Foods. In this role
 Mr.&nbsp;Booker led the
customer-facing integration of Ralcorp Holdings
 Inc. following ConAgra Foods&#146; acquisition of the private brands business. From June 2010 to February 2013
 Mr.&nbsp;Booker served as Vice President and General Manager
 Frozen at ConAgra Foods.
Prior to joining ConAgra Foods
 Mr.&nbsp;Booker served as Vice President Sales
 Laundry Care and Home Cleaning
 at The Clorox Company
 and also in field sales roles at Proctor&nbsp;&amp; Gamble. Mr.&nbsp;Booker holds a Bachelor of Science degree in
Linn
Harson
 51
 became our Senior Vice President
 General Counsel and Corporate Secretary in August 2016. In this role
 Ms.&nbsp;Harson oversees all legal and corporate governance requirements for us. Prior to joining us
 Ms.&nbsp;Harson was a
partner at Thompson Hine LLP in the corporate transactions and securities practice group and acted as our outside general counsel. Ms.&nbsp;Harson joined Thompson Hine in 1996. Ms.&nbsp;Harson holds a bachelor&#146;s degree from The Ohio State
University and a Juris Doctor degree from the University of Dayton&#146;s School of Law. Ms.&nbsp;Harson currently serves as a member of the University of Dayton&#146;s School of Law&#146;s advisory council. 

 58
 became our Senior Vice President
 Research and Development in August 2014. Ms.&nbsp;Panchot joined us as
Director of Research and Development in December 2008. She brings over 35 years of 
 




food industry experience to us. Prior to joining us
 Ms.&nbsp;Panchot served in a variety of positions with Koch Foods
 Sara Lee Corporation and ConAgra Foods. Ms.&nbsp;Panchot previously served
on the board of directors for the Nutrition Council of Greater Cincinnati. Ms.&nbsp;Panchot holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Food Science and Technology from Oregon State University. 

 50
 became our President
 Convenience in September 2010. In this role
 Mr.&nbsp;Schroder oversees our Convenience
segment. Mr.&nbsp;Schroder joined us as a production supervisor in February 1991 and has served in various capacities prior to his current position. Mr.&nbsp;Schroder has served as our Senior Vice President of Sales and as a Group Vice President of
Sales
 Marketing and Product Development for the vending
 Convenience and warehouse Retail divisions. Mr.&nbsp;Schroder has also worked within our other business segments in a variety of national and sales management positions. Mr.&nbsp;Schroder
previously served on the board of directors of the National Automatic Merchandising Association (NAMA) and is a NAMA Certified Executive
 a designation awarded to distinguished professionals in the field. Mr.&nbsp;Schroder holds a Bachelor of Arts
John W. (Bill) Theis
 III
 50
 became our Senior Vice
President
 Quality in June 2012. In this role
 Mr.&nbsp;Theis oversees quality
 food safety and regulatory compliance. Mr.&nbsp;Theis also oversees ongoing education of our employees in the areas of HACCP food safety and quality and Good
Manufacturing Practices and Allergen Controls. Prior to joining us
 Mr.&nbsp;Theis was a director of quality and technical services at The Wornick Company from 2009 to June 2012
 responsible for the delivery of stable-shelf and frozen food products
to the U.S. Department of Defense
 foreign military and commercial customers. Mr.&nbsp;Theis began his career at The Procter&nbsp;&amp; Gamble Company and spent more than 20 years in various roles in research and development
 manufacturing and
quality assurance. Mr.&nbsp;Theis holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of Cincinnati. 

 42
 became our Senior Vice President
 Human Resources in August 2016. Prior to joining us
 Mr.&nbsp;Tipton acted
as Vice President
 Human Resources for International Equipment Solutions
 LLC
 a global engineered equipment company
 from August 2012 to March 2016. Prior to joining International Equipment Solutions
 Mr.&nbsp;Tipton was responsible for business
transformation and human resources for the North American division of Fonterra Cooperative Ltd from June 2011 to August 2012. Mr.&nbsp;Tipton has also served in a number of roles for Pepsi Americas
 Inc.
 Coca-Cola Enterprises
 Inc. and Sears
Roebuck&nbsp;&amp; Co. Mr.&nbsp;Tipton holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Industrial and Labor Relations from Cornell University
 and a Master of Business Administration from the University of Chicago. 


 special reports and


 and other
. Those filings are also available free of charge to the public on
 or accessible through
 our corporate website
under the heading &#147;Investors
. The information we file with the SEC or which is contained on or accessible through our corporate website or any other website that we may maintain is not part of this
 You may also read and copy
 at SEC prescribed rates
 any document we file with the SEC
 at the SEC&#146;s Public Reference Room located at 100 F Street
 N.E.
 Washington D.C. 20549. You can call the
SEC at 




There are a number of risks
 uncertainties and other important factors
 Such risks
 uncertainties and other important factors include
 among others
 the risks
uncertainties and factors set forth below. The selected risks described below are not the only risks facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or those we currently view to be immaterial may also materially and
adversely affect our business
 financial 
 



 
condition or operating results. In such a case
 the trading price of our common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment in us. In addition
 the order of the risks
factors below should not be construed as indicative of their importance. 
The food industry in which we operate is highly competitive
 and our inability to compete successfully
 or the effects of such competition
 could
adversely affect our business
The food industry in which we operate is highly
competitive. Numerous brands and products compete for shelf space and sales
 with competition based primarily on product quality
 total product portfolio
 price
 customer service
 ability to meet customer demands
 effective consumer marketing
promotional activities and the ability to identify and satisfy emerging consumer preferences. We compete with a significant number of companies of varying sizes
 including a variety of regional and some national companies. Smaller players include
CTI Foods
 Devault Foods
 breakfast sandwiches and other entr&eacute;es and snacks
 we
compete with larger players such as Hormel


 name recognition
 R&amp;D capabilities
and resources than us and we may be unable to compete successfully with any or all of these companies. In addition
 when competitors with nationally branded products focus on price and promotion
 the environment for private label products becomes
more challenging because the price differential between private label products and branded products may become less significant. Competitive pressures or other factors could cause us to lose sales
 which may require us to lower prices
 increase the
use of discounting or promotional programs
 or increase marketing expenditures
 each of which would adversely affect our margins and could result in a decrease in our operating results and profitability. In addition
 any competitor could develop new
or enhanced products that are superior to ours
 increase their promotional spending or market and sell their products more successfully than we do. Our competitors could also offer lower prices to customers
 which would potentially pressure us to
lower prices to our customers. We may be unable to change our cost structure and pricing practices rapidly enough or sufficiently to successfully compete in such an environment. 
Disruption of our supply chain could adversely affect our business
 financial condition and operating results. 

 poultry
 pork
 bread
 breadings
cheese
 eggs
 seasonings
 soy proteins
 corn and packaging supplies. Damage or disruption to our raw material supply due to adverse weather conditions
 climate change
 crop conditions
 natural disaster
 fire
 terrorism
 pandemic
 changes in
governmental agricultural programs
 strikes
 import restrictions
 transportation interruptions
 increases in diesel fuel costs
 contamination with mold or bacteria
 water shortage
 industrial accidents and other occupational health and safety issues
(including the outbreak of food-borne illnesses) or other events beyond our control could impair our ability to produce and sell our products. A disruption in our supply chain may also require significant resources to restore. Failure to take
adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such disruptions
 or to effectively manage such events if they occur
 particularly when a product is sourced from a single supplier or location
 could adversely affect our business
Our top ten customers have historically accounted for a significant portion of our net sales.
During Fiscal 2016
 our top ten customers accounted for 58.2% of our net sales. In particular
 our three largest customers
 Sysco
Corporation
 U.S. Foods
 Inc. and Walmart Stores
 Inc. (including Sam&#146;s Club) accounted for 13.7%
 12.3%
 and 10.8%
 respectively



 product quality and the introduction of new products
 which may result in reduced
margins. In addition
 if
 for any reason
 one of our key customers were to purchase significantly less of our products in the future or were to terminate its purchases from us
 or if for any 
 




reason we were unable to renew an existing contract with a key customer on terms favorable to us
 or at all
 and we were not able to sell our products to new customers at comparable or greater
levels
 our business
Most of our customers are not obligated to continue purchasing
Most of our customers buy from us pursuant to individual purchase orders. Because such customers are not
obligated to continue purchasing products from us
 we cannot assure you that the volume or number of our customers&#146; purchase orders will remain constant or increase or that we will be able to maintain our existing customer base. Significant
decreases in the volume or number of our customers&#146; purchase orders or our inability to retain or grow our current customer base may have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition or operating results. 
Increases in the prices of raw materials
 particularly beef
 poultry and pork
 could reduce our operating margins. 

 poultry
 pork
 bread
 breadings
 cheese
 eggs
 seasonings
 soy proteins
 corn and
packaging supplies
 with beef
 poultry and pork comprising the majority of our raw material costs for Fiscal 2016. The supply and price of these raw materials are subject to market conditions and are influenced by other factors beyond our control
such as general economic conditions
 unanticipated demand and damage or disruption to supply. Additionally
 we typically do not have long-term contracts with our suppliers of beef
 poultry and pork. Although our purchasing volume can sometimes
provide an advantage when dealing with these suppliers
 suppliers may not provide the products and supplies we need in the quantities and at the prices requested. While historically we have been able to pass along increases in the prices of raw
materials to many of our customers
 we may be unable to adjust the prices of our products to recover future increases in the prices of raw materials on a timely basis
 or at all. In addition
 some of our customers purchase products from us based on
annually-renewed fixed price arrangements
 which prevent us from recovering raw material price increases from these customers during the life of those contracts. For example
 when we sell our products to schools
 we enter into firm fixed price sales
contracts for the entire school year. These sales contracts do not typically have indexed price escalation formulas to account for economic fluctuations and as a result
 we typically are unable to pass along increases in costs due to economic
fluctuations to these customers. If prices for our raw materials
 including beef
 poultry and pork
 were to increase significantly without a similar increase in the price of our products
 our business
 financial condition and operating results could
Deterioration of general economic conditions could harm our business
 financial condition and operating results.
Our business
 financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected by changes in global or national economic
conditions
 including inflation
 interest rates
 availability of capital markets
 consumer spending rates
 energy availability and costs (including fuel surcharges) and the effects of governmental initiatives to manage economic conditions.
Volatility in financial markets and deterioration of global or national economic conditions could adversely affect our business
 financial condition and operating results in a variety of ways
 including the following: 







 which could result in bad debts for us or 







 such as food prepared away from home; 













 









 or to refinance our debt in the future
 in each case on terms and within a time period acceptable
Changes in consumer eating habits could adversely affect our business
 financial condition and operating results. 

 demands and preferences. For example
 consumer eating habits could be
affected by changes in attitudes regarding diet and health or new information regarding the health effects of consuming certain foods. Our success depends on our ability to predict
 identify and interpret the tastes and dietary habits of consumers
and to offer products that appeal to those preferences. If consumer eating habits change significantly
 we may be required to modify or discontinue sales of certain of our products or develop and offer new products. There are inherent marketplace
risks associated with new product or packaging introductions
 including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance. If we do not succeed in offering products that consumers want to buy
 our sales and market share will decrease
 resulting in
reduced profitability. If we are unable to accurately predict which shifts in consumer preferences will be long-lasting
 or are unable to introduce new and improved products to satisfy those preferences
 our sales will decline. In addition
 given
the variety of backgrounds and identities of consumers in our consumer base
 we must offer a sufficient array of products to satisfy the broad spectrum of consumer preferences. As such
 we must be successful in developing innovative products across
a multitude of product categories. Additionally
 changes in consumer eating habits may result in the enactment or amendment of laws and regulations that impact the ingredients and nutritional content of our food products
 or laws and regulations
requiring us to disclose the nutritional content of our food products. Compliance with these laws and regulations
 as well as others regarding the ingredients and nutritional content of our food products
 may be costly and time-consuming. 
If our products become contaminated or are mislabeled
 we may be subject to product liability claims
 product recalls and increased scrutiny by
regulators
Our products are vulnerable to contamination by organisms that may
produce food-borne illnesses. These organisms are generally found in the environment
 and
 as such
 there is a risk that as a result of food processing they could be found in our products. For example
 E. coli is one of many food-borne pathogens
commonly associated with food products. Once contaminated products have been shipped for distribution
 illness and death may result if the pathogens are not eliminated by processing at the Foodservice or consumer level. The risk can be reduced
 but
not eliminated
 by use of good production practices and finished product testing. These risks are higher in raw or uncooked foods
 which we also sell. Also
 or
distribution may contain contaminants that we are unable to identify. We may also encounter the same risks if a third party tampers with our products or if our products are inadvertently mislabeled. We may need to recall our products if they become
adulterated. For example
 in July 2015
 we issued voluntary recalls for certain frozen
 raw
product line due to a salmonella illness outbreak
 which was epidemiologically linked to raw
poultry that was supplied to us from a third-party supplier and which resulted in a product contamination insurance policy claim of $19.2&nbsp;million. In addition
 in April 2016
 we issued a voluntary recall for 538 cases of fully-cooked breaded
pork patties because we discovered
 during a routine internal label review
 that the finished product label had failed to include eggs
 a known allergen
 as one of the ingredients. Shipment of adulterated products
 even if inadvertent
 is a
violation of law and may lead to product liability claims
 product recalls and increased scrutiny by federal and state regulatory agencies
 any of which could adversely affect our reputation
 business
 financial condition and operating results. In
addition
 even if a product liability claim is not successful or is not fully pursued
 the negative publicity surrounding any assertion that our products caused illness or injury could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential
customers and our business
 financial condition and operating results. 
 



Adverse publicity about us and lack of confidence in our products based on alleged or actual reports of
Maintaining a good reputation and public
confidence in the safety of the products we distribute is critical to our business. Anything that damages our reputation
 or the public&#146;s confidence in our products
 whether or not justified
 including adverse publicity about the quality
safety or integrity of our products
 could quickly affect our net sales and profits. Reports
 whether true or not
 of food-borne illnesses or harmful bacteria (such as E. coli
 bovine spongiform encephalopathy
 hepatitis A
 trichinosis
 listeria or
salmonella) and injuries caused by food tampering could severely harm our reputation or negatively affect the public&#146;s confidence in our products. In addition
 instances of food-borne illnesses or food tampering or other concerns
 even those
unrelated to our products
 may create adverse publicity which could adversely affect consumer demand and
 as a result
 our business
 financial condition and operating results. 
We market our products under a variety of brand names. The termination of
 or failure to renew
 a license agreement under which we sell branded
products
 or the reduction in value of one of our owned brand names or an underlying license
 could negatively impact our ability to produce and sell our products. 

sold. We rely on copyright and trademark law to establish and protect our intellectual property rights
 such as our brand names. We may be required from time to time to bring lawsuits against third parties to protect our intellectual property.
Similarly
 from time to time
 we may be party to proceedings in which third parties challenge our rights. Any lawsuits or other actions we bring to enforce our rights may not be successful
 and we may in fact be found to infringe on the intellectual
property rights of others. In addition to our own brand names
 we have licenses or production agreements with third parties that own trademarks or trade names used in the marketing of some of our products. In the event that any such license or
production agreement is terminated
 we may lose the right to use
 or have reduced rights to use
 the intellectual property covered by such agreement. In such event
 we might not be able to secure licenses to use alternative brand names or trade
names in the marketing of our products
 and our products may not be as attractive to customers. We may also sell certain assets
 including brand names
 from time to time in the ordinary course of business. In addition
 certain events
 including
events beyond our control
 could make certain of our brand names
 or the brand names we license
 less attractive to our customers
 making our products less desirable as a result. Any loss in the value of a brand name or loss of a license for a brand
name could adversely affect our business
We are subject to extensive governmental regulations
 which
We are subject to extensive federal
 state and local regulations. Our food processing
facilities and products are subject to frequent inspection by the USDA
 the FDA and various state and local health and agricultural agencies. Applicable statutes and regulations governing food products include rules for labeling the content of
specific types of foods
 the nutritional value of that food and its serving size
 as well as rules that protect against contamination of products by food-borne pathogens. Many jurisdictions also provide that food producers adhere to good production
practices (the definition of which may vary by jurisdiction) with respect to production processes. Recently
 the food safety practices and procedures in the meat processing industry have been subject to more intense scrutiny and oversight by the
USDA and future outbreaks of diseases among cattle
 poultry or pigs could lead to further governmental regulation. In addition
 our production facilities and distribution centers are subject to various federal
 state and local laws and regulations
relating to workplace safety and workplace health. Failure to comply with all applicable laws and regulations could subject us to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 product recalls or seizures and criminal sanctions
 any of which could
have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and operating results. Furthermore
 compliance with current or future laws or regulations could require us to make material expenditures or otherwise adversely affect our business
financial condition and operating results. 
 



The failure to comply with our government contracts or applicable laws and regulations could result in
among other things
 fines or other liabilities
 and changes in procurement regulations could adversely affect our business
 financial condition and operating results. 

 including schools
 through various contracts
 are highly regulated. Noncompliance with contract
provisions
 government procurement regulations or other applicable laws or regulations could result in civil
 criminal and administrative liability
 including substantial monetary fines or damages
 termination of government contracts or other
customer contracts
 and suspension
 debarment or ineligibility from doing business with the government and other customers in the public segment. In addition
 government contracts are generally terminable at any time if it is convenient for the
contracting agency to do so or upon default. The effect of any of these possible actions by any governmental department or agency could adversely affect our business
 financial condition and operating results. In addition
 the adoption of new or
modified procurement regulations and other requirements may increase our compliance costs and reduce our gross margins
 which could adversely affect our business
 financial condition and operating results. 
Labor disruptions or increased labor costs could adversely affect our business
 financial condition and operating results. 

 2016
 we had approximately 4
500 employees. Prior to the acquisition of Allied in October 2016
 none of our employees
were unionized. Allied
 a subsidiary which we acquired in October 2016
 has approximately 90 unionized employees. The collective bargaining agreement covering these employees expires in April 2020. If we are unable to extend or renew this collective
bargaining agreement on satisfactory terms
 or at all
 it could disrupt our operations. In addition
 there have been
 from time to time
 union organization attempts at our other facilities
 and if a more significant portion of our employees were to
become unionized
 it could adversely affect productivity
 increase labor costs and increase the risk of work stoppages at our facilities. Though we believe that we have good relationships with all of our employees
 if a work stoppage were to occur
it could interfere with our operations and adversely affect our business
We sell a large percentage of
our products to schools
 directly and through distributors
 which subjects our sales volumes and
 thus
 our operating results
 to seasonal variations. 

consolidated net sales and 30.2% of our Foodservice segment net sales in Fiscal 2016 from schools. Because schools comprise a significant portion of our customer base
 sales of our products tend to be lower during the summer months. These lower
sales volumes negatively impact our operating profits during the third quarter of each fiscal year. As a result of these fluctuations
 we believe that comparisons of our net sales and operating income among different quarters within a single fiscal
year are not necessarily meaningful and that they cannot be relied upon as indicators of our future performance. In the future
 federal and state funding for school lunches may decrease due to budget cuts and
 accordingly
 there can be no assurance
that schools will continue to purchase products
 directly from us or from our distributors
 at current levels
Any disruption of
operations at one or more of our production facilities or distribution centers could adversely affect our business
 financial condition and operating results. 

US. We are also in the process of building a new 70
000 square foot production facility in Vineland
 New Jersey
 which we expect to complete by April&nbsp;1
 2017. Any disruption in
 or the loss of operations at
 one or more of these facilities
even on a short-term basis
 could delay or postpone production or distribution of our products
 which could adversely affect our business
 financial condition and operating results. Such disruption could be caused by a number of different events
including: 






 

































 floods
 earthquakes or other natural disasters; or 





Any material malfunction or prolonged disruption in the
operations of any of our facilities could prevent us from fulfilling orders to existing customers
 and could limit our ability to sell products to new customers. Any of these events could adversely affect our business
 financial condition and
Significant increases in the cost of distribution could adversely affect our business
 financial condition and operating
Our distribution costs include fuel for transportation and electricity for cold storage. Significant increases in these
distribution costs could adversely affect our business
 financial condition and operating results. We use a core group of contract carriers with whom we have established certain rates based on mileage to certain regions or states. A fuel surcharge
addendum is a component of all such rate agreements
 to offset the fluctuating price of diesel fuel
 primarily to limit the contract carrier&#146;s exposure. If these surcharges rise significantly and we do not have effective hedges in place
 or if
we are unable to pass increased distribution costs on to our customers in the form of higher prices for our products
 our business
 financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. In addition to
 cold storage
 we use commercial cold storage vendors to store our finished goods. A major component of cold storage operations expense is electricity cost. Though we try to minimize storage costs
 any
 cold storage increase significantly
we may be unable to pass these costs on to our customers
 which could adversely affect our business
We
From time to time
 we opportunistically pursue acquisitions to
diversify our products
 add production capabilities
 expand production capacity and allow for meaningful synergy realization. If we are unable to successfully integrate recent or future acquired businesses
 or to realize anticipated cost savings
sales enhancements or other synergies
 in a timely manner
 our profitability could be adversely affected. Integration of an acquired business may be more difficult when we acquire a business in a market in which we have limited expertise and we may
be unable to retain the loyalty and business of the customers of the acquired business. A significant expansion of our business and operations
 in terms of geography or magnitude
 could strain our administrative and operational resources.
Additionally
 we may be unable to retain qualified management and other key personnel employed by acquired companies for different reasons
 including reasons related to difficulties assimilating different corporate cultures and business practices.
We cannot assure you that we will be able to identify suitable acquisition opportunities
 consummate any pending or future acquisitions or that we will realize any anticipated benefits from any recent or future acquisitions. 




 resulting in approximately $157.0&nbsp;million in implemented annualized savings between 2013 and December&nbsp;31
 2016. We are also currently implementing

 




multiple incremental savings opportunities
 across the areas of production
 procurement
 commercial and logistics
 that we expect will deliver continuous productivity savings and help us
effectively manage margins and profitability. However
 cost savings expectations can only be estimated
 are difficult to predict and are
 by nature
 speculative. As a result
 we can provide no assurances that we will achieve any of our expected cost
savings. A variety of factors could cause us not to realize some or all of the expected cost savings
 including
 among others
 delays in the anticipated timing of activities related to the APF Way
 lack of sustainability in cost savings over time
and unexpected costs associated with operating our business. We may be unable to realize all of these cost savings within the expected timeframe
 or at all
 and we may incur additional or unexpected costs in our cost savings efforts. Our cost
savings estimates are also based upon a number of assumptions and estimates that are in turn based on our analysis of the various factors which currently
 and could in the future
 impact our business. These assumptions and estimates are inherently
uncertain and are subject to significant business
 operational
 economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies
 including
 among others
 our anticipated business strategies
 our marketing strategies
 our product development and licensing
strategies
 our ability to anticipate and react to business trends
 general economic conditions and other developments in our industry. The actual results of implementing the various cost savings programs may differ materially from our current
estimates if any of these assumptions prove incorrect. Moreover
 our continued efforts to implement the cost savings programs may divert management attention from the rest of our business and may preclude us from seeking attractive new product
opportunities or pursuing other programs
We are subject to risks associated with
There is increasing concern that a gradual increase in global average temperatures
due to increased concentrations of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere will cause significant changes in weather patterns around the globe
 and an increase in the frequency and severity of natural disasters or other effects
that are impossible to predict. Decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions as a result of changing weather patterns could limit availability or increase the cost of key agricultural commodities. For example
 in 2012
 the lack of adequate
rainfall across more than half of the US resulted in increased feed costs which impacted the price of meat domestically. Increased frequency or duration of extreme weather conditions could also impair production capabilities
 disrupt our supply
chain or impact demand for our products. International
 federal
 regional
 state and local efforts to regulate greenhouse gas emissions are at various stages of consideration and implementation
 and could result in increased energy
 transportation
and raw material costs. In addition
 consumer concern about animal-based agriculture contributing to climate change could adversely affect demand for our products. 
 owners for certain tax benefits
 which amounts are expected to be material.
In connection with our IPO


 if any
 in US federal
 state
 local and foreign income tax that we and our subsidiaries actually realize (or are deemed to realize
in the case of an early termination by us
 a change of control or certain subsidiary dispositions) as a result of the utilization of our and our subsidiaries&#146; net operating losses
 tax basis and certain other tax attributes attributable to
periods prior to our IPO together with interest accrued at a rate of LIBOR plus 2% from the date the applicable tax return is due (without extension) until the date the applicable payment is due. 

 and that we and our
subsidiaries earn sufficient taxable income to realize the full tax benefits subject to the TRA
 we expect that future payments under the TRA will total approximately $254.2&nbsp;million
 and accordingly
 on July&nbsp;20
 2016
 the effective date of
the TRA
 we recorded an initial obligation of approximately $254.2&nbsp;million. We expect to make the first payment in the fourth quarter of 2017. The timing and amount of payments will depend on our annual

 




$35.8&nbsp;million plus interest at LIBOR plus 2% for the period April&nbsp;17
 2017 through the date of payment. We expect to pay approximately half of the estimated value of the TRA payments in
These payment obligations are our obligations and not obligations
of our subsidiaries. The actual amount and utilization of net operating losses
 tax basis and other tax attributes
 as well as the amount and timing of any payments under the TRA
 will vary depending upon a number of factors
 including the amount
character and timing of our and our subsidiaries&#146; taxable income in the future. Our counterparties under the TRA will not reimburse us for any benefits that are subsequently disallowed (although any future payments would be adjusted to the
extent possible to reflect the result of such disallowance). As a result
 in such circumstances
 we could make payments under the TRA that are greater than our actual cash tax savings. 

 the TRA will terminate and we will be required to make a lump sum payment equal to
the present value of expected future payments under the TRA
 which payment would be based on certain assumptions
 including those relating to our and our subsidiaries&#146; future taxable income. Additionally
 if we or a direct or indirect
subsidiary transfers any asset to a corporation with which we do not file a consolidated tax return
 we will be treated as having sold that asset for its fair market value in a taxable transaction for purposes of determining the cash savings in
income tax under the TRA. If we sell or otherwise dispose of any of our subsidiaries in a transaction that is not a change of control
 we will be required to make a payment equal to the present value of future payments under the TRA attributable to
the tax benefits of such subsidiary that is sold or disposed of
 applying the assumptions described above. Any such payment resulting from a change of control
 asset transfer or subsidiary disposition could be substantial and could exceed our actual
Our high level of indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations
 limit our
ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry
 expose us to interest rate risk to the extent of our floating-rate indebtedness and prevent us from meeting our obligations under our indebtedness. 

 2016
 we had $1.1&nbsp;billion in principal indebtedness and $119.6&nbsp;million of additional borrowings available
under an asset-based revolving credit facility (&#147;ABL facility&#148;)
 after giving effect to $5.5&nbsp;million of outstanding letters of credit. Our current level of indebtedness could have important consequences to us
 including the following:







 thereby reducing our ability to use our cash flow to fund our operations
working capital
 capital expenditures
 acquisitions and future business opportunities
 or to pay dividends; 






 including certain borrowings under our credit facilities
 bear interest at floating rates; 







 any failure of which could result in an event of default under the agreements governing our indebtedness;







 industry or competitive developments; 



















 working capital
 capital expenditures
 product development
 acquisitions
 debt service requirements and future business opportunities;







 









 or reacting to
 changes in our business or market conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who are less highly leveraged and who
therefore
In addition
 if we
are unable to service our high level of indebtedness
 we may need to restructure or refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness
 sell material assets or operations
 or raise additional debt or equity capital. We may not be able to effect any of
these actions on a timely basis
 on commercially reasonable terms
 or at all
 and these actions may not be sufficient to meet our capital requirements. Our failure to make the required interest and principal payments on our indebtedness would result
in an event of default under the agreement governing such indebtedness
 which may result in the acceleration of some or all of our outstanding indebtedness. 

 these
restrictions are subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions and
 under certain circumstances
 the amount of indebtedness that could be incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial
 thereby exacerbating
We expect to continue paying regular dividends to our stockholders
 but our ability to do
so is subject to the discretion of our board of directors and may be limited by our financial condition
 our credit facilities and Laws in the state of Delaware. 

 2016 and
December&nbsp;6
 2016) and declared a dividend on February&nbsp;16
 2017 of $0.16 per share for first quarter 2017
 which was paid on March&nbsp;6
 2017. The dividend for the first quarter of fiscal 2017 reflects an increase of 14.3% and we expect
to continue to pay regular quarterly cash dividends of at least $0.16 per share. However
 the payment of dividends is at the discretion of our board of directors
 who may
 in its discretion
 reduce or eliminate the payment of dividends. Our ability
to pay dividends on our common stock depends on many factors
 including
 among others
 our results of operations
 financial condition
 level of indebtedness
 capital requirements
 contractual restrictions
 restrictions in our debt agreements and in
any preferred stock
 business prospects and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. In particular
 our ability to pay dividends on our common stock is limited by covenants in our credit facilities and the indenture governing the
notes and may be further restricted by the terms of any future debt or preferred securities. Because we are a holding company
 our ability to pay dividends also depends on our receipt of cash dividends from our operating subsidiaries
 which may
further restrict our ability to pay dividends as a result of the laws of their jurisdiction of organization
 agreements of our subsidiaries or covenants under any existing and future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur.
Furthermore
 Delaware law requires that our board of directors determine whether we have adequate surplus prior to the declaration of dividends. While we do not currently believe that these restrictions will impair our ability to continue to pay
regular quarterly cash dividends
 there can be no assurance that we will not need to reduce or eliminate the payment of dividends on our common stock in the future. 
Future sales
 or the perception of future sales
 stockholders in the public market could
The sale of shares of our common stock in the public market
 or the
perception that such sales could occur
 could harm the prevailing market price of shares of our common stock. These sales
 or the possibility that these sales may occur
 also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the
future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. As of December&nbsp;31
 2016
 we had 78
630
046 shares of common stock outstanding (including 551
511 unvested restricted stock awards)
 of which 21
437
000 were freely transferable and
freely tradable on the NYSE
 at that date
 without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#147;Securities Act&#148;). On January&nbsp;24
 2017
 we completed a secondary public offering in which certain
funds managed by Oaktree Capital Management
&nbsp;L.P. (&#147;Oaktree&#148;) and members of our 
 




management sold 14
375
000 shares of common stock. Accordingly at January&nbsp;24
 2017
 35
812
000 shares of common stock were freely transferable and freely tradable on the NYSE without
restriction or further registration under the Securities Act except that any shares held by our affiliates (as defined under Rule&nbsp;144 of the Securities Act (&#147;Rule&nbsp;144&#148;))
 including funds managed by Oaktree and our directors and
executive officers may be sold if certain requirements are met. The remaining shares
 representing 54.4% of our total outstanding shares of common stock are &#147;restricted securities&#148; within the meaning of Rule 144 and subject to certain
restrictions on resale. Restricted securities may be sold in the public market only if they are registered under the Securities Act or are sold pursuant to an exemption from registration such as Rule&nbsp;144. 
 under the Securities Act to register the shares of
common stock issued or issuable under our 2009 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan. We could also make equity compensation grants outside of our 2009 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan. Accordingly


 subject to the Rule&nbsp;144 limitations applicable to affiliates and vesting restrictions. Our registration statement on Form
 covers 6
500
In addition
 pursuant to our amended and restated
registration rights agreement
 we have granted to the funds owned by Oaktree an unlimited number of &#147;demand&#148; registration rights and to both the funds managed by Oaktree and the other 
stockholders party thereto customary &#147;piggyback&#148; registration rights. By exercising their registration rights and selling a large number of shares
 stockholders could cause the prevailing
market price of our common stock to decline. The shares covered by our amended and restated registration rights agreement represented 48.2% of our outstanding common stock at March 1
 2017. Registration of any of these outstanding shares of common
stock would result in such shares becoming freely tradable without compliance with Rule 144 upon effectiveness of the applicable registration statement. 

 the market price of our shares of common stock
could drop significantly if the holders of these shares sell them or are perceived by the market as intending to sell them. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to raise additional funds through future offerings of our shares of
As a result of the completion of a secondary public offering on January&nbsp;24
 2017
 we are no longer a
&#147;controlled company&#148; within the meaning of the NYSE. However
 we will continue to qualify for
 and may rely on
 exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements that would otherwise provide protection to stockholders of other
Because funds managed by Oaktree no longer
control a majority of the voting power of our outstanding common stock
 we are no longer a &#147;controlled company&#148; within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of the NYSE. 

 we will continue to qualify for
 and may rely on
 exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements that would otherwise
provide protection to stockholders of other companies
 transition period from January&nbsp;24
 2017. The NYSE rules will require that we (1)&nbsp;have a board of directors that is composed of
a majority of &#147;independent directors
&#148; as defined under the rules of the NYSE
 within one year of the date we ceased to qualify as a &#147;controlled company
&#148; (2) have a compensation committee that consists of a majority of
independent directors within 90 days of the date we ceased to qualify as a &#147;controlled company
&#148; and
 within one year of the date we ceased to qualify as a &#147;controlled company
&#148; a compensation committee that consists entirely of
independent directors
 and (3)&nbsp;have a nominating and corporate governance committee that consists of a majority of independent directors within 90 days of the date we ceased to qualify as a &#147;controlled company
&#148; and
 within one year
of the date we ceased to qualify as a &#147;controlled company
&#148; have a nominating and corporate governance committee that consists entirely of independent directors. During these transition periods
 we may continue to utilize the available
exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements
 as permitted by the NYSE rules. Accordingly
 our stockholders do not currently have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate
governance requirements of the NYSE. 
 




 on June&nbsp;20
 2012
 the SEC adopted Rule
 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#147;Exchange Act&#148;) to implement provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the &#147;Dodd-Frank
Act&#148;) pertaining to compensation committee independence and the role and disclosure of compensation consultants and other advisers to the compensation committee. The NYSE has since adopted amendments to its existing listing standards to comply
 under the Exchange Act
 and on January&nbsp;11
 2013
 the SEC approved such amendments. The amended listing standards require
 among others
 that: 







 as determined pursuant to new and existing independence requirements; 







 legal counsel and other committee advisers; and 







 when engaging compensation consultants
 legal counsel or other advisers
 certain independence factors
 including factors that examine the relationship between the
We will not be subject to these compensation committee independence
We
have incurred
 and will continue to incur
 increased costs
 and are subject to additional regulations and requirements as a result of being a public company
 and our management is required to devote substantial time to new compliance matters
 which
As a public company
 we have incurred
 and will continue to
incur
 significant legal
 accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company
 including costs associated with public company reporting requirements and costs of recruiting and retaining
 directors. We have also incurred and will continue to incur costs associated with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 as amended (the &#147;Sarbanes-Oxley Act&#148;)
 and related rules implemented by
the SEC and the NYSE. These rules and regulations have increased
 and will continue to increase
 our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly
 although we are currently unable to estimate these
costs with any degree of certainty. For example
 these laws and regulations could make it more difficult or costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance
 including director and officer liability insurance
 and we may be forced to accept
reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. These laws and regulations could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of
directors
 our board committees or as our executive officers. Our management and other personnel have devoted
 and will continue to devote
 a substantial amount of time to these compliance programs. As a result
 management&#146;s attention may be
diverted from other business concerns
 which could harm our business and operating results. We may also need to hire more employees
 such as additional accounting or internal audit staff
 in the future to comply with the requirements of being a
public company
 including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 which would increase our costs and expenses. 










 all
located in the US. The production facilities include two integrated bakery facilities which allow us to source approximately 65% of our bread 
 


























Enid
 OK










Enid
 OK










Enid
 OK










Enid
 OK










West Chester
 OH










Portland
 ME










Caseyville
 IL










Easley
 SC










Amherst
 OH










Claremont
 NC










Vineland
 NJ









In addition
 we are currently constructing a new 70
000 square foot production facility in Vineland
 New
Jersey
 which will replace the Vineland facility included in the table above
 and which we expect to complete on or prior to April&nbsp;1
 2017. 


 Oklahoma and have contracted for warehouse space in our distribution centers in
Cincinnati
 Ohio and Rockmart
 Georgia. We also lease office space for our corporate headquarters in Blue Ash
 Ohio as well as office space in Bentonville
 AK for our regional sales and marketing activities. 




From time to time
 we may be party to litigation that arises in the
ordinary course of our business. While it is not feasible to predict or determine the ultimate outcome of these matters
 we believe that any ultimate liability with respect to any pending litigation will not materially affect our business
 financial
condition and operating results. Also
 see our Consolidated Financial Statements for information pertaining to legal proceedings in which we are involved. 




 



 




MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#146;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
Our common stock is
traded on the NYSE under the ticker symbol &#147;APFH&#148;. The closing price of our common stock on the NYSE on March&nbsp;1
 2017 was $29.14 per share. The following table reflects the range of high and low selling prices of our common stock and
cash dividends declared by quarter for the periods indicated: 



























October&nbsp;1
 2016 (from July&nbsp;15
 2016)













December&nbsp;31
 2016














 2017
 there were approximately 19 stockholders of record. This stockholder figure does not include a substantially greater
number of holders whose shares are held of record by banks
 brokers and other financial institutions. 

be further restricted by the terms of any future debt or preferred securities. We do not currently believe that the restrictions contained in our credit facilities or the indenture governing our notes will impair our ability to pay regular quarterly
cash dividends. Because we are a holding company
 our ability to pay dividends also depends on our receipt of cash dividends from our operating subsidiaries
 which may be restricted in their ability to pay dividends as a result of the laws of their
jurisdiction of organization
 agreements of our subsidiaries or covenants under any existing and future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur. On September&nbsp;28
 2016 and December&nbsp;6
 2016
 we paid quarterly cash dividends of
$0.14 per share and declared a dividend on February&nbsp;16
 2017 of $0.16 per share for first quarter 2017
 which was paid on March&nbsp;6
 2017. We expect to continue paying a regular quarterly dividend of $0.16 per share
 subject to the
discretion of our board of directors and compliance with applicable law
 and depending on
 among other things
 our results of operations
 financial condition
 level of indebtedness
 capital requirements
 contractual restrictions
 restrictions in our
debt agreements and in any preferred stock
Issuer Purchases of
There were no issuer purchases of equity securities during the quarter ended December&nbsp;31
 2016. 

Statement that will be sent to our stockholders in connection with our 2017 Annual meeting of Stockholders
 and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 



 

Index&#148;) and the S&amp;P 500 Packaged Foods&nbsp;&amp; Meats Index (&#147;Industry Index&#148;) for the period July&nbsp;15
 2016 to December&nbsp;31
 2016. The graph assumes that
 on July&nbsp;15
 2016
 the investment in our common stock
 the
S&amp;P 400 Index and the S&amp;P Packaged Foods&nbsp;&amp; Index was $100 and that all dividends were reinvested. 

 


































July&nbsp;15



July&nbsp;31



August&nbsp;31



September&nbsp;30



October&nbsp;31



November&nbsp;30



December&nbsp;31




































































































The following table sets forth certain
 period ending on the
Saturday closest to each December 31. We have derived the selected historical consolidated financial data for the fiscal years ended December&nbsp;31
 2016 (&#147;Fiscal 2016&#148;)
 January&nbsp;2
 2016 (&#147;Fiscal 2015&#148;) and January&nbsp;3
2015 (&#147;Fiscal 2014&#148;) and the selected balance sheet data as of December&nbsp;31
 2016 and January&nbsp;2
 2016
 from the Consolidated Financial Statements. We have derived the selected historical consolidated financial data for the fiscal
years ended December&nbsp;28
 2013 (&#147;Fiscal 2013&#148;) and December&nbsp;29
 2012 (&#147;Fiscal 2012&#148;)
 and the selected balance sheet data as of January&nbsp;3
 2015
 December&nbsp;28
 2013 and December&nbsp;29
 2012
 from our
consolidated financial statements that are not included in this Form 
 




 The Consolidated Financial Statements includes information on
business acquisitions for each of the last three fiscal years (Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements) and certain unaudited quarterly financial information for each of the last two fiscal years (Note 21 of the Consolidated Financial
Statements). 
























(in millions
 except per share data)





























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 during Fiscal 2016
 we released $109.7&nbsp;million in valuation allowances related to our deferred tax assets. 




 which includes vested restricted shares. Diluted net income (loss) per share is
calculated consistent with the calculation of basic net income (loss) per share
 plus the effect of dilutive unissued shares of common stock related to stock-based employee compensation programs. All of our unvested restricted stock awards were
excluded from the computation of diluted net income (loss) per share for Fiscal 2014
 Fiscal 2013 and Fiscal 2012 because including them would have had an anti-dilutive effect due to our net loss position. All per share amounts have been
 stock split effective June&nbsp;21
 2016. Also
 as discussed in Note 19 of the Consolidated Financial Statements
 method
 in which there was an allocation of our earnings between holders of our common stock and holders of our participating securities.





 we retrospectively adopted the guidance under the Financial Accounting
Standards Board&#146;s (&#147;FASB&#148;)
 &#147;Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes&#148; to simplify the classification of deferred
 amounts. At January&nbsp;3
 2015 and December&nbsp;29
 2012
 we had current deferred tax liabilities of $0.2&nbsp;million and $1.0&nbsp;million
 respectively


 2013
 we had current deferred tax assets of $0.6&nbsp;million that was reclassified as 



In Fiscal 2016
 we retrospectively adopted the guidance under FASB ASU
 &#147;Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs
&#148; which resulted in the deduction of deferred loan origination fees from

 







long-term debt
 net of current maturities. This adoption resulted in reductions of deferred loan origination fees and long-term debt
 net of current maturities of $11.1&nbsp;million
$17.7&nbsp;million
 $24.1&nbsp;million and $30.1&nbsp;million as of January&nbsp;2
 2016
 January&nbsp;3
 2015
 December&nbsp;28
 2013 and December&nbsp;29
 2012
 respectively. 





The following discussion contains management&#146;s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations and should
 This
discussion contains forward-looking statements and involves numerous risks and uncertainties
 Actual
results may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. You should read &#147;Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements&#148; and &#147;Risk Factors
&#148; which are both included in Part&nbsp;1 of this
Form&nbsp;10-K. 
fiscal year ending on the Saturday closest to December 31. The fiscal years ended December&nbsp;31
 2016 (&#147;Fiscal 2016&#148;)
 January&nbsp;2
 2016 (&#147;Fiscal 2015&#148;) and January&nbsp;3


 fiscal periods
 respectively. 
We are a leading national
producer and distributor of value-added
 convenient
 sandwiches
 sandwich components and other entr&eacute;es and snacks. We manage and report our
operations in four segments with Foodservice
 Retail and Convenience representing our core segments. Our fourth segment
 Industrial
 consists of sales to other food producers under short-term 
arrangements. Foodservice is our largest segment and represented 54.0% of our net sales in Fiscal 2016. We have dedicated marketing and sales teams for each of our channels to serve the specific needs of our customers. 

900 SKUs across all day parts in multiple product categories


 PB&amp;J sandwiches and hamburgers); (2)&nbsp;sandwich components (such as flame-grilled hamburgers and chicken
patties and Philly steaks); and (3)&nbsp;other entr&eacute;es and snacks (such as country fried steak
 stuffed entr&eacute;es
 chicken tenders and cinnamon dough bites). In Fiscal 2016


 as well as private
In January 2015
 we acquired the wholesale business and production assets of Landshire
 an Illinois-based
producer and marketer of a wide variety of sandwiches
 including patties
 subs
 wedges
 breakfast offerings and specialty items. In April 2015
 we acquired the business and production assets of Better Bakery
 a producer and marketer of high quality
premium stuffed sandwiches and other licensed products. These acquisitions added a complementary new set of premium products to our portfolio and provided us with additional sandwich assembly and bakery capacity. In October 2016
 we acquired all of
the outstanding voting interests of Allied
 a producer of raw and cooked beef and chicken Philly steak products. The acquisition of Allied brings us additional sandwich component production capacity and expands our market position in the Philly
Certain monetary amounts
percentages and other figures included in this section have been subject to rounding. As a result
 some of the percentage amounts in this section have been calculated on the basis of such rounded figures. For this reason
 such percentage amounts may
 Also
 some amounts
that appear in this section may not sum due to rounding. 
 



 







The drivers underpinning growth in our end markets include increases in gross domestic product
 employment levels and personal consumption expenditures. Growth in our industries is also impacted
by changes in the number of restaurants and Convenience stores
 shifts toward value-added
 foods. We are well-positioned to benefit from
these underlying growth trends
 as well as emerging consumer preferences
 given our product portfolio and segment orientation. 





Our growth and profitability characteristics vary by product category and market segment. Therefore
 changes in our mix may impact our profitability and growth profile as business mix is a component
of our sales volume. For example
 to the extent that our mix shifts towards higher value-added products
 such as breakfast sandwiches
 our financial performance will be positively impacted. Further
 our fourth segment
 Industrial
 opportunistically
 agreements based on our available capacity in order to optimize capacity utilization. Due to the lower margin nature of this business
 we have
strategically reduced the percentage of net sales generated by this segment from 15.7% of net sales in Fiscal 2013 to 5.0% in Fiscal 2016. 





Our pricing is driven by the value-added nature of our products
 our market share position and our differentiated value proposition to our customers due to our scale
 broad product portfolio
customization capabilities
 national distribution and food safety track record. Our financial performance depends on our ability to price effectively with our customers. We proactively adjust pricing frequently in order to reflect input cost
movements with minimal lag time. In early 2014
 our pricing methodology and now utilize forward looking raw materials indices to set prices rather than trailing market indices. As a result
our pricing reflects our underlying raw materials costs in a more timely and accurate manner. Only 17.9% of our net sales in Fiscal 2016 were subject to annually-renewed fixed price arrangements and we have a high level of flexibility to adjust
We price our products through price list
 index pricing and annually-renewed
fixed price arrangements
 which accounted for 73.6%
 8.5% and 17.9%
 respectively
 of our net sales in Fiscal 2016. 





 Our price list arrangements generally allow us to proactively update prices to reflect anticipated raw material prices
 competitive dynamics and marketing strategies
 subject to
contractual limits on frequency and minimum notice requirements. 





 Under these arrangements
 we pass-through actual increases or decreases in raw material or conversion costs to our customers. 






 period of time
 usually 12 months. Our fixed prices
for the agreed upon contractual term are based on forward looking raw materials indices and reflect expected raw material costs over the term of the contract. 





Raw material costs typically comprise approximately three-fourths of our cost of goods sold
 with beef
 poultry and pork accounting for approximately half of our cost of goods sold. Other raw
materials
 such as bread
 breadings
 cheese
 eggs
 seasonings
 soy proteins and packing
 comprise the remainder. Raw material costs fluctuate due to changing market conditions and changing consumer preferences. Our results of operations will
continue to depend on our ability to manage raw material cost movements through forward purchase orders
 strategic sourcing
 contracts and by passing on such cost increases to customers.






Our APF Way continuous improvement program has revamped our cost structures
 budgeting tools and
pricing methodology. The APF Way uses a data-driven analytical framework to drive growth and profitability through improved commercial decision-making
 excellence in sales and 
 







marketing and improved productivity in procurement
 logistics and production. We believe that the APF Way has fundamentally changed the cost structure of our business and has been a major factor
in our recent volume
 sales and profitability growth. We expect that the APF Way will continue to be a key factor in our performance. 





Our quarterly operating results are affected by seasonal fluctuations in our net sales and operating income. Because schools comprise a significant portion (approximately 30%) of our Foodservice
customer base
 sales of our products tend to be lower during the summer months and rise significantly during the autumn &#147;back to school&#148; period. In addition
 seasonal fluctuations in the demand for beef and other proteins tend to cause
seasonal variations in raw material costs
 which tend to rise in the winter and spring and decline during the summer months. The seasonality factors can cause our operating results and use of cash for working capital requirements to fluctuate during
the fiscal year
Components of Our Results
Net sales consist of gross sales
 which vary as a result of changes in volume and pricing
 less
certain costs that we manage as part of our trade promotion allowances
 including: 






 returns and other allowances; and 






 which include the cost of temporary price reductions
 as well as our customers&#146; costs for promotional displays and advertising space in store circulars. 
Gross profit is calculated as net sales less cost of goods sold
 distribution expenses and restructuring expenses
associated with our production and distribution network. For a discussion of restructuring expenses
 see 








 including costs for proteins
 such as beef
 poultry
 pork and other food ingredients such as bread
 breadings
 cheese
 eggs
 seasonings and soy proteins; 







 including costs for corrugated fiberboard and plastic packaging materials; and 






 which represent all costs necessary to convert raw materials into finished product. Conversion costs include direct and indirect labor and plant overhead such as equipment rent
 natural gas and other
utilities
 insurance
 property taxes and depreciation. We periodically enter into hedging contracts to manage fluctuations in our natural gas costs
 the effect of which is reflected in cost of goods sold. 
We primarily use third-party logistics providers to transport our products (1)&nbsp;between our
production facilities (2)&nbsp;from our production facilities to our distribution centers and (3)&nbsp;from our distribution centers and production facilities to our customers. Our freight and distribution costs are influenced by diesel fuel costs
as well as the capacity within the industry. We periodically enter into hedging contracts to manage fluctuations in diesel fuel costs
 the effect of which is reflected in distribution expenses. Distribution expenses also include warehousing costs
related to our leased facility in Enid
 Oklahoma and costs related to the third-party logistics providers we utilize (which are mainly in Cincinnati
 Ohio and Rockmart
 Georgia). 
Selling
Selling
 general and administrative expenses include the following: 







 including salaries
 wages and incentives for our sales and marketing personnel
 broker commissions
 sales-related travel and entertainment expenses and other marketing and advertising
 product demonstrations
 trade shows and samples provided to prospective customers; 
 









 including salaries
 wages and incentives for our internal R&amp;D personnel
 and direct costs for external research and line testing; 







 including salaries
 wages and incentives for our management and general administrative personnel
 property and
equipment
 amortization of intangible assets
 information technology licensing and maintenance costs
 insurance
 travel and other operating expenses; 






 see &#147;Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates &#151;Stock-Based
Compensation&#148; in this Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis; 






 advisory and consulting fees and expense reimbursements paid
 prior to our IPO
 to Oaktree
 and
 prior to September&nbsp;30
 2015
 to Maine Street Holdings
 Inc.
 a management company controlled by our
minority stockholders. Upon consummation of our IPO
 we paid Oaktree an aggregate success fee of $9.0&nbsp;million on July&nbsp;20
 2016 pursuant to the management services agreement
 which was terminated on July&nbsp;20
 2016; and







 we have incurred
 and will continue to incur
 significant legal
 accounting and other expenses that we
did not incur as a private company
 which will be reflected as selling
 general and administrative expenses. 
From time to time
 we initiate restructuring activities in order to integrate acquired businesses
improve the efficiency of our production and distribution network and consolidate and reorganize our management and support functions. For example: 






 we undertook various programs to improve our commercial effectiveness and reduce operating costs. These actions continued into Fiscal 2014 and Fiscal 2015 and included (1)&nbsp;the consolidation of the
business unit leadership and shared services teams in our Cincinnati (Ohio) facilities and the closure of our administrative office located in Edmond (Oklahoma); (2) the reorganization of our senior leadership team; and (3)&nbsp;the implementation
of staffing reductions and facility closures in production
 logistics and commercial operations. The costs to implement these programs were primarily incurred in Fiscal 2014; and 







 we integrated the assets acquired from Landshire and Better Bakery and reconfigured production lines at our plant in Portland
Barber
Expenses associated with restructuring initiatives affecting our production and distribution
network are reflected as a separate component in determining gross profit. Expenses associated with restructuring initiatives affecting our selling
 marketing and general administration functions are a separate cost component in determining
We are subject to U.S. federal income taxes and income taxes in
certain states. However
 we have favorable tax attributes
 depreciation and amortization and U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryovers (&#147;NOLs&#148;)
 which
resulted in minimal income tax expense and cash paid for income tax during Fiscal 2016
 provisions for deferred tax
liabilities. In Fiscal 2016
 we continued the trend that began in the first quarter of Fiscal 2015 of realizing pretax income
 and our taxable cumulative income in the recent past became positive. In addition
 our forecasts for fiscal 2017 indicated
 income. Further
 we were able to refinance our debt during Fiscal 2016 on more favorable terms which has and will continue to result in significant annual savings. After considering these
factors
 along with reviews of forecasts of future taxable income and expected utilization of tax attributes prior to their expiration
 we determined that the positive evidence outweighed the negative evidence and concluded
 in Fiscal 2016
 that it
was more likely than not that our deferred tax assets were realizable. As a result
 we made the 
 




determination to release the full valuation allowance of $109.7&nbsp;million in Fiscal 2016. Our effective tax rates for Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014 are different from the expected
Key Performance Indicators
Key performance indicators that we use to manage our business and evaluate our financial results and operating performance include:
We evaluate net sales on a consolidated basis and in each segment as a measure of volume growth
 pricing
effectiveness
Adjusted EBITDA represents
net income (loss) before interest expense
 income tax expense
 depreciation and amortization
 and other adjustment items. We present Adjusted EBITDA as a performance measure because
 and provides for a more complete understanding of factors
and trends affecting our business than measures under US generally accepted accounting principles (&#147;GAAP&#148;) can provide alone. We also believe that Adjusted EBITDA is useful to investors in evaluating our operating performance because it
provides a means to evaluate the operating performance of our business on an ongoing basis using criteria that our management uses for evaluation and planning purposes. Because Adjusted EBITDA facilitates internal comparisons of our historical
financial position and operating performance on a more consistent basis
 our management also uses Adjusted EBITDA in measuring our performance relative to that of our competitors
 in communications with our board of directors concerning our
operating performance and in evaluating acquisition opportunities. In addition
 targets for Adjusted EBITDA are among the measures we use to evaluate our management&#146;s performance for purposes of determining their compensation. We also believe
that the presentation of Adjusted EBITDA is useful to investors because it is frequently used by securities analysts
 investors and other interested parties in their evaluation of the operating performance of companies in industries similar to ours.
However
Adjusted Net
Adjusted Net Income (loss) represents net income (loss) before the release of the deferred tax asset valuation allowance
 debt refinancing charges
 impairment charges
 restructuring expenses
 sponsor fees and expenses
 merger
and acquisition expenses


the presentation of Adjusted Net Income (loss) is useful to investors because it is frequently used by securities analysts
 investors and other interested parties in their evaluation of the operating performance of companies in industries similar to
However
 our definition of Adjusted Net Income (loss) may not be the same as similarly titled measures used by other companies.
Adjusted Diluted Net Income (loss) per Share represents the diluted per share


the presentation of Adjusted Diluted Net Income (loss) per Share is useful to investors because it is frequently used by securities analysts
 investors and other interested parties in their evaluation of the operating performance of companies in
industries similar to ours. However
 our definition of Adjusted Diluted Net Income (loss) per Share may not be the same as similarly titled measures used by other companies. 
 








 we achieved strong results from operations due to unit volume growth in our core segments
 positive net price realization
and productivity improvements. These results were partially offset by higher corporate expenses related to the completion of the IPO. Sales decreased for Fiscal 2016 primarily due to strategic pricing reductions to reflect lower raw material costs
 Industrial volume
 partially offset by unit volume growth in our core segments and acquisitions. We continued to execute our continuous improvement strategy by delivering volume
growth in key channels and product categories
 driving productivity improvements across the organization and developing talent for the future. 










































































































































































































Selling
 general and administrative expenses



















































Other expense
 net


































































































































































































































































During Fiscal 2016
 we generated $198.4&nbsp;million of cash flows from operating activities. At
December&nbsp;31
 2016
 we had approximately $224.1&nbsp;million of liquidity
 which represents availability under our revolving credit facility plus cash and cash equivalents. We started the fiscal year with liquidity of $129.9&nbsp;million. The
increase was primarily driven by net cash flows from operating and financing activities. We believe liquidity is a useful measure as it provides investors with information regarding cash available to us at short notice. 

 during Fiscal 2016
 we acquired all of the outstanding stock of
Allied
 a manufacturer of raw and cooked beef and chicken Philly steak products for a purchase price of $62.3&nbsp;million (net of cash acquired) and effected various refinancing transactions
 primarily aimed at reducing our cost of capital
 and
prepaid $205&nbsp;million of our long-term debt using the proceeds from the IPO. 
 



 
Net sales for Fiscal 2016 were $1
568.3&nbsp;million
 a decrease of $43.3&nbsp;million
 or 2.7%
 compared to
$1
611.6&nbsp;million for Fiscal 2015. Net sales decreased by $47.4&nbsp;million due to lower average sales prices
 partially offset by changes in sales volume
 business mix and acquisitions
 which together increased net sales by $4.1&nbsp;million
or 0.2%. The following table outlines the factors that impacted our net sales: 




























































 Industrial
volume


















Net sales increased due to volume from acquisitions of $19.4&nbsp;million
 or 1.2% and core segment volume
growth of $37.8&nbsp;million
 Industrial volume of $48.4&nbsp;million
 or 3.0% and core segment mix of $4.7&nbsp;million
 or 0.3%. 

$50.1&nbsp;million
 or 3.1%
 partially offset by productivity improvements of $2.7&nbsp;million
 or 0.2%
 due to more effective promotion management. 
Cost of goods sold for Fiscal 2016 was $1
051.6&nbsp;million
 a decrease of $106.6&nbsp;million
 or 9.2%
 compared
to $1
158.2&nbsp;million for Fiscal 2015. As a percent of net sales
 cost of goods sold was 67.1% in Fiscal 2016 compared with 71.9% in Fiscal 2015
 an improvement of 480 basis points. The decrease in cost of goods sold was primarily due to lower
market prices for raw materials and better than market purchases
 which reduced costs of goods sold by $87.9&nbsp;million
 productivity improvements
 which reduced cost of goods sold by $25.2&nbsp;million
 and volume
 which reduced cost of goods
sold by $5.7&nbsp;million. The decrease in cost of goods sold was partially offset by higher other input costs
 such as labor inflation
 utilities and other manufacturing costs
 which increased cost of goods sold by $12.2&nbsp;million. 
Distribution expenses for Fiscal 2016 were $93.6&nbsp;million
 a decrease of $2.9&nbsp;million
 or 3.0%
compared to distribution expenses of $96.5&nbsp;million for Fiscal 2015. Distribution expenses decreased by $3.3&nbsp;million due to productivity improvements and $0.1&nbsp;million due to lower administrative costs
 partially offset by an increase
Gross profit for Fiscal 2016 increased by $68.7&nbsp;million to
$423.1&nbsp;million
 or 27.0% of net sales compared to $354.4&nbsp;million
 or 21.9% of net sales
 for Fiscal 2015
 reflecting an increase of 510 basis points. The increase in gross profit was primarily due to productivity improvements
 positive
price realization (net of raw material cost movements) and contributions from volume and acquisitions
 partially offset by other increases in costs of goods sold. The following table outlines the factors that impacted our gross profit: 































Pricing
 net of inflation





































































 



Selling
 general and administrative expenses. 
 general and administrative expenses
for Fiscal 2016 were $224.2&nbsp;million
 or 14.3% of net sales
 compared with $196.2&nbsp;million
 or 12.2% of net sales
 for Fiscal 2015. The primary factors impacting selling
 general and administrative expenses are summarized in the table below:
































Management
 advisory and consulting fees




























 stock compensation expense is
 in part
 a
result of the increase in the fair value of unvested restricted stock awards due to the increase in the price of our common stock through the effective date of the IPO. The increase was also impacted by $3.8&nbsp;million of charges related to the
acceleration of certain restricted stock awards
 new stock awards granted during the year and normal vesting of awards. Selling
 general and administrative expenses in Fiscal 2016 increased 14% compared to Fiscal 2015. Some of these expenses are
Other expense
 net. 
 net for Fiscal
2016 consisted primarily of the $9.0&nbsp;million success fee paid to Oaktree
 in connection with our IPO and certain public filing expenses of approximately $5.0&nbsp;million. Other expense
 net for Fiscal 2015 consisted primarily of integration
merger and acquisition expenses
Interest
expense for Fiscal 2016 was $104.7&nbsp;million
 an increase of $0.3&nbsp;million
 compared to $104.4&nbsp;million for Fiscal 2015. Excluding charges related to refinancing
 interest expense decreased $27.2&nbsp;million or 26.0% due to lower rates
and lower borrowings. This reduction was offset by refinancing charges of $27.6&nbsp;million as presented below: 






























Write off of deferred loan fees and original issue discount related to debt
extinguishments




































































We recognized a tax benefit of $57.0&nbsp;million in Fiscal 2016
 which
resulted in an effective federal tax rate of (71.9)%. The significant improvement over the effective federal tax rate of 19.4% for Fiscal 2015 was primarily due to the utilization of deferred tax assets and the release of valuation allowances that
Net income for Fiscal 2016 was
$136.3&nbsp;million
 an increase of $99.2&nbsp;million
 compared to $37.1&nbsp;million for Fiscal 2015. This increase was a result of improved gross profit and the release of income tax valuation allowances
 partially offset by an increase in
selling
 general and administrative expenses. 
 



 
Net sales for Fiscal 2015 were $1
611.6&nbsp;million
 an increase of $34.0&nbsp;million
 or 2.2%
 compared to
$1
577.6&nbsp;million of net sales for Fiscal 2014. Net sales increased by $76.0&nbsp;million
 or 4.8%
 due to higher average sales prices
 partially offset by changes in sales volume
 business mix and acquisitions
 which reduced net sales by
$42.0&nbsp;million
Average sales prices increased due to a series of strategic pricing actions to recover higher raw material
costs
 which increased net sales by $54.8&nbsp;million
 and the benefit of more effective trade promotion allowance management
 resulting in lower sales discounts
 which increased net sales by $21.2&nbsp;million. Average sales prices increased
Sales volume was lower due
to the elimination of sales under lower margin contracts in our Industrial segment
 which reduced net sales by $63.1&nbsp;million
 and the absence of a 53rd week
 which reduced net sales by $31.4&nbsp;million
 partially offset by sales volume
attributable to acquisitions
 which increased net sales by $48.9&nbsp;million. Excluding these items
 changes in sales volume and business mix contributed $3.6&nbsp;million to net sales. 
Cost of goods sold for Fiscal 2015 was $1
158.2&nbsp;million
 a decrease of $68.9&nbsp;million
 or 5.6%
 compared
to $1
227.1&nbsp;million of cost of goods sold for Fiscal 2014. Cost of goods sold decreased by $46.3&nbsp;million due to lower sales volume and $44.3&nbsp;million due to productivity improvements. The decrease in cost of goods sold was partially
offset by higher raw material costs
 which increased cost of goods sold by $21.7&nbsp;million. Higher raw material costs were primarily driven by increases in the cost of protein. 
Distribution expenses for Fiscal 2015 was $96.5&nbsp;million
 a decrease of $2.8&nbsp;million
 or 2.8%
 compared
to $99.3&nbsp;million of distribution expenses in Fiscal 2014. Distribution expenses increased by $0.1&nbsp;million due to lower sales volume and $6.4&nbsp;million due to productivity improvements
 which was partially offset by an increase of
Gross profit for Fiscal 2015 increased by
$105.2&nbsp;million to $354.4&nbsp;million
 or 22.0% of net sales
 compared to $249.2&nbsp;million
 or 15.8% of net sales
 for Fiscal 2014
 reflecting an increase of 620 basis points. Gross profit increased primarily due to more effective trade
promotion allowance management and other productivity improvements
 positive price realization net of raw material cost movements
 and contributions from acquisitions
 partially offset by increases in distribution expenses and the absence of a 53rd
week. The following table outlines the factors that impacted our gross profit: 






























Pricing
 net of inflation





































































 



Selling
 general and administrative expenses. 
 general and administrative expenses
for Fiscal 2015 were $196.2&nbsp;million
 or 12.2% of net sales
 compared with $167.6&nbsp;million
 or 10.6% of net sales
 for Fiscal 2014. The primary factors impacting selling
 general
 and administrative expenses are summarized in the table
below: 































Management
 advisory and consulting fees




























Other expense
 net. 
 net for Fiscal 2015 consisted primarily of $6.2&nbsp;million of
acquisition expenses and $1.2&nbsp;million of loss on disposal of property
 plant and equipment
 partially offset by $2.0&nbsp;million of income associated with a product recall claim
 net of deductibles
 under our product contamination insurance
Interest expense was $104.4&nbsp;million for Fiscal 2015
 a decrease of $1.2&nbsp;million
 or 1.1%
compared to $105.6&nbsp;million for Fiscal 2014. This decrease was due to lower average outstanding borrowings under our prior term loans. 
We paid minimal cash for income tax in both Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014 because in Fiscal 2014
 we incurred
a $14.8&nbsp;million operating loss
 net of taxes
 and in Fiscal 2015
 we utilized $14.6&nbsp;million of net operating loss carryovers
 net of taxes
 to offset taxable income. Income tax expense for Fiscal 2015 was $8.9&nbsp;million compared to
$8.4&nbsp;million for Fiscal 2014
 which in each case related primarily to recognition of deferred income tax liabilities and current state taxes. 
Net income for Fiscal 2015 was $37.1&nbsp;million
 an increase of $75.0&nbsp;million
 compared with a net loss of
$37.9&nbsp;million for Fiscal 2014. This improvement in net income was a result of the factors discussed above. 

 Retail
 Convenience and Industrial. Our sales and operating income by segment were as follows: 





















































































































































































































Unallocated corporate expenses
 net























































 



 









































































































ales volume decrease for the segment in Fiscal 2016 was due to lower demand for fruit cups in schools
and slower restaurant traffic affecting our national chains and business mix with our street customers
 partially offset by growth in school sandwich and acquisition volume. 
Sales prices for the segment decreased in Fiscal 2016 due to strategic price and trade spend investments to
Operating income and operating margins for the
segment improved in Fiscal 2016 due to productivity improvements and positive price realization net of raw material
 partially offset by the decline in sales volume and other input cost movements. 

Foodservice sales volume was lower due to the absence of a 53rd week
 which reduced Foodservice net sales by
$16.9&nbsp;million
 partially offset by Foodservice sales volume attributable to acquisitions
 which increased Foodservice net sales by $2.5&nbsp;million. Excluding these items
 changes in sales volume and business mix contributed $8.3&nbsp;million
to Foodservice net sales primarily due to increased volume with schools and restaurant chains
 partially offset by a small decrease in volume with certain Foodservice distributors. 
Foodservice average sales prices increased due to a series of strategic pricing actions to recover higher raw
material costs
 which increased Foodservice net sales by $49.8&nbsp;million
 and the benefit of more effective trade promotion allowance management
 which increased Foodservice net sales by $12.8&nbsp;million. 
Foodservice operating income margin increased primarily due to more effective trade promotion allowance management
and other productivity improvements and positive price realization net of raw material and other input cost movements. 
 



 









































































































The increase in sales volume and mix for the segment in Fiscal 2016 compared to Fiscal 2015 was due to expanded
distribution and incremental promotions and
 to a lesser extent
average sales price
in the segment decreased in Fiscal 2016 due to a combination of trade promotion allowances to support growth initiatives and strategic price investments to reflect lower raw material costs. 
Operating income and operating margin in the segment improved in Fiscal 2016 primarily as a result of higher volume
sales
 productivity improvements
 and positive price realization net of raw material movements
 partially offset by other input cost movements. 

Retail sales volume was lower due to the absence of a 53rd week
 which reduced Retail net sales by $7.6&nbsp;million
partially offset by Retail sales volume attributable to acquisitions
 which increased Retail net sales by $14.8&nbsp;million. Excluding these items
 changes in sales volume and business mix reduced Retail net sales by $14.4&nbsp;million primarily
due to a temporary decline in sales of stuffed entr&eacute;es following a product recall during Fiscal 2015
 partially offset by increased private label sandwich volume. 
Retail average sales prices increased due to more effective trade promotion allowance management
 which increased
Retail net sales by $7.0&nbsp;million
 partially offset by strategic price decreases
 which reduced Retail net sales by $3.4&nbsp;million. 
Retail operating income margin increased primarily due to more effective trade promotion allowance management and
other productivity improvements and positive price realization net of raw material and other input costs movements. 
 



 









































































































Sales volume for the segment increased in Fiscal 2016 due to higher volume across our key product categories due to new
product placements and existing customers opening new locations. In addition
 acquisitions in Fiscal 2015 caused increases in net sales for Fiscal 2016. 
Average sales price for the segment decreased in Fiscal 2016 due to strategic price and trade investments to grow
Operating income and operating margin for the segment improved
in Fiscal 2016
 primarily as a result of higher sales volume
 productivity improvements
 and positive price realization net of raw material movements
 partially offset by other input cost movements. 

Convenience sales volume was lower due to the absence of a 53rd week
 which reduced Convenience net sales by
$3.2&nbsp;million
 partially offset by Convenience sales volume attributable to acquisitions
 which increased Convenience net sales by $31.4&nbsp;million. Excluding these items
 changes in sales volume and business mix contributed $9.9&nbsp;million
to Convenience net sales primarily due to higher volume across our main product categories as a result of new customers and existing customers opening new locations. 
Convenience average sales prices increased due to a series of strategic pricing actions to recover higher raw
material costs
 which increased Convenience net sales by $2.6&nbsp;million
 and the benefit of more effective trade promotion allowance management
 which increased Convenience net sales by $1.4&nbsp;million. 
Convenience operating income margin increased primarily due to more effective trade promotion allowance management
other productivity improvements and positive price realization net of raw material and other input cost movements. 
 



 









































































































sales volume decrease for the segment in Fiscal 2016 was primarily a result of the elimination of sales under
lower margin contracts
Average sales prices for the segment
Operating income
and operating margin for the segment increased in Fiscal 2016 primarily as a result of the elimination of lower margin contracts and acquisitions. 

Industrial sales volume was lower due to the elimination of sales under lower margin contracts
 which reduced Industrial
net sales by $63.1&nbsp;million
 and the absence of a 53rd week
Average
sales price. 
 which increased Industrial net sales by $5.8&nbsp;million. 
Industrial operating income margin increased primarily due to the elimination of lower margin contracts and pricing
actions to recover historical cost inflation. 

 Adjusted Net Income (loss) and Adjusted Diluted Net Income (loss) Per Share








































































 




 the most
directly comparable GAAP measure: 





























































































































 stock based compensation
expense&nbsp;(b)



























Merger
 acquisition and public filing expenses&nbsp;(d)



















































































































 business acquisitions
 integration of acquired businesses and the implementation of the APF Way. Restructuring expenses primarily relate to costs
associated with the restructure of the management team and consolidation of business unit operations. 




 which we expense over the vesting period
 based on the fair value of the award on the date of the grant or any subsequent modification date. 



 stockholders. For Fiscal 2016
 the amount includes the
$9.0&nbsp;million success fee paid to Oaktree. 




 Better Bakery and Allied
 costs associated with other unconsummated transactions during Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014 as well as certain public
filing expenses in Fiscal 2016. 




 net of related reimbursements. 








value which is updated annually. 
 




the most directly comparable GAAP measure: 

































































































Mergers
 acquisition and public filing expenses&nbsp;(e)













































































 of deferred loan fees and original issue discounts
 payments of debt issuance costs and
prepayment penalties; and write-offs of deferred loan fees and original issue discounts in connection with the partial prepayment in July and December 2016 of a first lien term loan entered into on June&nbsp;2
 2016 in the aggregate amount of
$1
300
000
 which matures on June&nbsp;2
 2023 (the &#147;2016 First Lien Term Loan&#148;). 




 business acquisitions
 integration of acquired businesses and the implementation of the APF Way. Restructuring expenses primarily relate to costs
associated with the restructure of the management team and consolidation of business unit operations. 



 stockholders. For Fiscal 2016
 the amount includes the
$9.0&nbsp;million success fee paid to Oaktree. 




 Better Bakery and Allied
 costs associated with other unconsummated transactions during Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014 as well as certain public
filing expenses in Fiscal 2016. 




purchase accounting. The amount in Fiscal 2014 primarily represents valuation adjustments associated with the change in the USDA stipulated value of commodity proteins pursuant to the USDA Commodity Reprocessing Program. 




 the estimated tax effects of the adjustments marked (b)&nbsp;to (f) above were determined to be insignificant
 based on a comparison of the expected tax liability with and without such
adjustments. This is due to a full valuation allowance in all jurisdictions at the time of the adjustment. For Fiscal 2016
 the estimated tax effect of the adjustments was insignificant as the release of the valuation allowance resulted in no change
to Adjusted Net Income with or without these adjustments. If not for the valuation allowance
 these adjustments would be tax effected at the approximate blended tax rate of 39%. 


 borrowings under our ABL facility and the issuance
As of December&nbsp;31
 2016
 we had $1.1&nbsp;billion aggregate principal amount of indebtedness and
$119.6&nbsp;million of additional borrowings available under our ABL facility after giving effect to $5.5&nbsp;million of outstanding letters of credit. 
 




 on December&nbsp;7
2016
 we issued $400&nbsp;million of Senior Unsecured Notes
 due December&nbsp;16
 2024 (the &#147;Senior Unsecured Notes&#148;)
 used the net proceeds of $395.9&nbsp;million
 together with cash on hand
 to repay $400&nbsp;million of outstanding
borrowings under our 2016 First Lien Term Loan
 and concurrently effected a repricing amendment that resulted in a 75 basis point margin decrease in interest rates on the 2016 First Lien Term Loan
 subject to certain limitations. The prepayment of
$400&nbsp;million on December&nbsp;7
 2016 on the 2016 First Lien Term Loan was preceded
 on July&nbsp;20
 2016
 by another voluntary prepayment in the amount of $205.0&nbsp;million which was funded by a portion of the proceeds from the IPO.
Accordingly
 as of December&nbsp;31
 2016
 the only required future payment under our 2016 First Lien Term Loan was a single payment of $695.0&nbsp;million due on the maturity date of June&nbsp;2
 2023. 

believe that we will generate cash flows from operating activities and have available borrowings under our ABL facility to provide us with sufficient liquidity and capital resources to meet our current and future financial obligations
 including our
scheduled principal and interest payments
 as well as to provide funds for working capital
 capital expenditures
 anticipated dividends and other anticipated needs for at least the next twelve months. We may also decide to access the debt and equity
markets to fund large acquisitions or pursue large capital expenditure projects not currently contemplated or to reduce our cost of capital. 

 2016
 we acquired all of the outstanding stock of Allied
 a manufacturer of raw and cooked beef and chicken Philly steak
products
 for a purchase price of $62.3&nbsp;million (net of cash acquired). The purchase price was entirely funded from cash in place at the time of the acquisition. 

 2016 and
December&nbsp;6
 2016) and paid a dividend of $0.16 per share on March&nbsp;6
 2017. The 2017 first quarter dividend reflects an increase of 14.3% and we expect to continue to pay regular quarterly cash dividends
 subject to the approval of our
We expect to make the first payment under the TRA during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017
 the timing and amount of
which will depend on our taxable income for Fiscal 2016. However
 we estimate that the payment in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 will be approximately $35.8&nbsp;million plus interest at LIBOR plus 2% for the period April&nbsp;17
 2017 through
the date of payment. We expect to pay approximately half of the estimated value of the TRA payments in the first four years (2017-2020) and the balance between 2021 and 2055. 

 approximately
$23.0&nbsp;million is expected to be spent on routine updates of our production facilities and information technology infrastructure
 and the remainder is expected to be used for investments to support growth
 innovation and productivity of our
operations. 



















































































Cash provided by operating activities increased $41.2&nbsp;million in Fiscal 2016 compared with Fiscal 2015
 income and expenses) and working capital. We had lower working capital requirements due to consistent collections of accounts receivable
 extended
payment terms with suppliers and reduced inventory costs as a result of lower raw material costs. 
 



Cash used in investing activities for Fiscal 2016 decreased
$7.7&nbsp;million compared to Fiscal 2015 due to a $10.2&nbsp;million reduction in cash used for acquisitions
 partially offset by a $2.5&nbsp;million increase in the purchase of property
 plant and equipment. 
Cash provided by financing activities for Fiscal 2016 increased $46.7&nbsp;million compared to Fiscal 2015 due
primarily to a $28.7&nbsp;million reduction in net repayments on our revolving line of credit (which had a balance of $0 outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2016 and January&nbsp;2
 2016
 and $28.7&nbsp;million at January&nbsp;3
 2015)
 and aggregate
net proceeds from our IPO and refinancing transactions of $35.2&nbsp;million
 partially offset by $22.2&nbsp;million of dividends paid following our IPO. 

Cash flows provided by operating activities for Fiscal 2015 increased $134.3&nbsp;million compared to Fiscal 2014.
The increase in cash flows provided by operating activities was primarily due to a $75.0&nbsp;million increase in net income and a $39.4&nbsp;million increase in cash from changes in working capital. As we increased our focus on working capital
management as part of the implementation of the APF Way
 we had lower working capital requirements due to faster collections of accounts receivable
 extended payment terms with suppliers and reduced inventory costs as a result of lower raw material
Cash used in investing activities for Fiscal 2015 increased by $87.4&nbsp;million compared to Fiscal
2014 primarily due to $72.5&nbsp;million of cash used for acquisitions. In addition
 our capital expenditures increased by $14.9&nbsp;million
 of which $10.2&nbsp;million was for building improvements and equipment associated with integration of
Cash used in financing activities for Fiscal 2015 increased by $42.4&nbsp;million
compared to Fiscal 2014 primarily due to a $43.2&nbsp;million reduction in borrowings under our ABL facility and a $2.0&nbsp;million increase in amounts spent on share repurchases and loans to employees for income tax elections. This increase was
partially offset by a $2.8&nbsp;million decrease in long-term debt repayments driven by the timing of scheduled amortization payments in Fiscal 2015 versus Fiscal 2014. 
We have
obligations to make future payments for goods and services under certain contractual arrangements. These contractual obligations secure the future rights to various assets and services to be used in the normal course of our operations. Long-term
debt obligations are our principal payments on cash debt service obligations. Operating lease obligations are the future minimum rental payments required under the operating leases that have initial or remaining
 lease terms in excess of one year as of December&nbsp;31
 2016. The following table summarizes these long term debt and operating lease contractual obligations as of December&nbsp;31
 2016
 and
the estimated timing and effect that such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in future periods (in millions): 













































































































































































































































































































































 











 2016
 and on our Senior Unsecured Notes. 




 which we currently
estimate to be approximately $35.8&nbsp;million plus interest at LIBOR plus 2% for the period April&nbsp;17
 2017 through the date of payment. The timing of payments will vary depending on a number of factors
 including the amount and timing of
 Sheet Arrangements
As of December&nbsp;31
 2016
 we had no 


 many of
which require us to make estimates
 judgments and assumptions about future events and their impact on amounts reported in the financial statements and related notes. Since future events and the impact of those events cannot be determined with
certainty
 the actual results will inevitably differ from our estimates. These differences could be material to the financial statements. 

 and the estimates and assumptions included in our financial statements are reasonable.
These accounting policies and estimates are constantly reevaluated
 and adjustments are made when facts and circumstances dictate a change. We consider the following to be either a critical accounting policy or a critical accounting estimate. 
We record revenue from food sales at the time that title and risk of loss transfers. Standard shipping terms for
domestic customers are freight on board (&#147;FOB&#148;) destination. Based on these terms
 title and risk of loss passes at the time the product is delivered to the customer. For the majority of our Canadian customers
 shipping terms are FOB
shipping point. Based on these terms
 title and risk of loss passes at the time the product departs from our plant or warehouse. Revenue is recognized as the net amount to be received by us after deductions for estimated discounts
 product returns
and other allowances. These estimates
 for which the estimation methodology has been consistently applied during the periods presented
 are based on historical trends and expected future payments. The discount
 product return and other allowance
rates for Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014 were 11.2%
 11.5% and 9.9%
 respectively. Excluding discounts related to annual school bid fixed prices
 the discount
 product return and other allowance rates for the Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 and
Fiscal 2014 were 8.0%
 8.1% and 7.7%
Other
intangibles include recipes
 customer relationships
 agreements
 licensing agreements
 water and sewer usage permits and certain trade names and trademarks. Assets acquired and liabilities
assumed in connection with business combinations are recorded in accordance with ASC 805
.&#148; Where amounts are recorded on a provisional basis
 we consider the need for measurement period
adjustments based upon additional information through the end of the measurement period
 not to exceed one year. In accordance with ASC 350
 
&#148; we are required to test reporting unit goodwill and
intangibles with indefinite lives for impairment at least annually. Our annual impairment test is performed at the end of the third quarter; however
 these tests are performed more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount may not be recoverable. Indicators of impairment are reviewed on a quarterly basis to determine if an impairment test is deemed necessary. 
 process. In Step I
 we compare the fair
values of our reporting units with their respective carrying values. If the fair value exceeds the carrying value
 Step II is not performed. However
 if the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its implied fair value
 Step II is

 




performed to determine the amount of any impairment. In Step II
 we compare the implied fair value of goodwill to its carrying value. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit&#146;s goodwill
exceeds its fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized for the excess. In the annual goodwill impairment analyses
 which were completed as of October&nbsp;1
 2016
 October&nbsp;3
 2015 and September&nbsp;27
 2014
 the fair values were
substantially more than the carrying amounts. As a result
 no impairment charges were recorded in Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 or Fiscal 2014. 

 or more frequently when events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess. The fair values of trademarks and trade names are
determined using a royalty rate method based on expected revenues by trademark or trade name. Our annual evaluations of indefinite-lived intangibles did not indicate an impairment during Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 or Fiscal 2014. For Fiscal 2016
 the
Company elected to perform a step zero evaluation of its indefinite-lived intangible assets
 which is a qualitative assessment. Factors considered by the Company in the qualitative assessment included financial performance as well as the result of
the previous quantitative assessment performed in Fiscal 2014 in which the fair value of its indefinite-lived intangible assets exceeded its carrying amount by over 300%. 


 Plant and
Equipment
Fiscal 2015 or Fiscal 2014 and
 accordingly
In determining the fair value of our
goodwill and other intangibles
 we use certain assumptions and judgments in forecasting volume growth
 sales
 operating income
 capital investments and discount rates based on economic projections
 market influences
 internal budgets
 strategic
plans and projected future cash flows. In Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014
 there were no material changes in the method of accounting used to evaluate goodwill and other intangibles for impairment. Though assumptions and judgments used in
the determination of fair value
 are inherently uncertain
 we believe our estimates are reasonable and do not expect such estimates to change materially. However
 if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions
 we may be
Promotions are an integral part of our sales and marketing
strategy. Such promotions fall into two main categories: (1)&nbsp;trade promotions
 reported as a component of net sales and (2)&nbsp;marketing and advertising costs
 reported as a component of selling
 general and administrative expenses. 

and to encourage operators
 such as restaurants
 hospitals and Convenience stores


 such as grocery stores
 mass merchandisers and club
stores
 to offer temporary price reductions for the sale of our products to consumers
 to obtain favorable display positions in their stores and to obtain shelf space. Trade promotions can be both variable in nature
 such as when they are tied to
product purchases and promotion performance
 as well as fixed in nature
 such as when they are tied to customer development
 product placement and growth programs. 

 price-business are also
readily estimable and highly correlated to shipment of specific products. Operator-related trade promotion cost estimates are based on a combination of the allowances earned on direct shipment of proprietary products
 contractual promotion dollars
and historical performance by customer. Retail trade promotion costs are based on contractual 
 




promotion dollars related to fixed fees and estimated performance based on historical experience with similar promotional programs by product and customer. Trade promotion costs are charged in
Our Foodservice
 Convenience and Retail segments also incur marketing and advertising costs
related to other customer and consumer programs aimed at promoting our products. Such programs include advertising
 point of sale materials
 display incentives
 trade shows
 coupons and other
programs. Most of the marketing and advertising costs (approximately 90%) are incurred by our Retail segment. All marketing and advertising costs are based on estimated performance
 contractual promotion dollars and experience with similar
promotional programs
During Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014
 there were no material
changes to the way we accrue for promotional expenses. Though estimates and assumptions are used to calculate our promotion accruals
 we believe our estimates are reasonable and do not expect such estimates to change materially. However
 if actual
results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions
 we may be exposed to gains or losses that could be material. Trade promotions reported as a part of net sales that are subject to estimation represented 12.3%
 12.0% and 10.5% of net
sales for Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014
 respectively. A 10% change in our accruals for trade promotion and marketing at December&nbsp;31
 2016 would impact pretax earnings by approximately $3.1&nbsp;million and $0.4&nbsp;million
Under the provisions of the USDA Commodity Program
 we receive government donated raw
materials
 which we process into finished food products for sale to schools. The agreement governing this program provides that
 among other things
 we bear the risk of loss
 spoilage and obsolescence associated with both the donated raw materials
Obligations under the USDA Commodity Program and the
related raw material inventory are recorded at the USDA stipulated value at the date that we take possession of the raw materials. Upon delivery of the finished product to qualifying school customers
 the inventory and associated liability are
reduced or netted against each other. As a result
 revenues and cost of goods sold related to sales under the USDA Commodity Program are recorded exclusive of the value of the donated raw materials. We rely on the accuracy and timely communication
of product shipments from our distributors to qualifying school customers. If the information is inaccurate or untimely
 we could temporarily over- or under-state our USDA Commodity inventory and the related liability. 

 Fiscal 2015 or Fiscal 2014. We do not believe
there is any likelihood of a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to record the USDA Commodity inventory and related liability. If actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions
 a misstatement in our USDA
Commodity inventory and related liability could occur; however
 the impact of any such adjustment would not be material to our earnings. 
We are self-insured for certain employee medical benefits and workers&#146; compensation benefits and maintain
stop-loss coverage in order to limit our exposure to significant employee medical and workers&#146; compensation claims. Self-insurance expenses are accrued based on estimates of the aggregate liability for uninsured claims incurred using historical
claims experience
 and the estimation methodology was consistently applied in Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014. We do not believe there is likelihood of a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to calculate our self-insurance
liability. If actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions
 we may be exposed to gains or losses that could be material. A 10% increase in the actuarial estimate at December&nbsp;31
 2016 would not result in a material change
 stockholders
85% of any realized tax savings
 in US federal
 state
 local and foreign income tax that we and our subsidiaries actually realize (or are deemed to realize) as a 
 




 period. The liability of $254.2&nbsp;million


 is sensitive to changes in estimates and was based on the tax attributes available after our 2015 tax return
and tax attributes generated between January&nbsp;2
 2016 and July&nbsp;19
 2016 along with projections of pretax income. Certain assumptions were made regarding the projected use of the tax attributes. Among the assumptions that we made were some
relating to the dates that certain assets would be placed into service
 expected elections for bonus depreciation
 the projected uses of federal and state NOLs
 assumptions regarding the generation of the AMT credit
 the Section&nbsp;199 deduction
and an assumption that our IPO did not trigger an ownership change. The use of different assumptions and/or estimates may have a material effect on the estimated liability. The liability
 timing and/or payments of amounts due under the TRA will vary
depending on a number of factors
 income that we generate and the applicable tax rates. Payments under the TRA will continue until all
 tax attributes are utilized or expired unless we exercise our right to terminate the agreement earlier or if termination is triggered as would occur if there were to be a change of control
 as defined
in the TRA. In the case of a change of control
 we would be required to make a lump sum payment equal to the present value of expected future payments
 which would be based on certain assumptions. In certain other cases
 such as the sale of any of
our subsidiaries in a transaction that is not a change of control
 we would be required to make a lump sum payment equal to the present value of future payments under the TRA attributable to that subsidiary. Any changes to the liability due to early
termination would be recorded in additional paid in capital. On the date that we recorded the liability
 we simultaneously recorded a reduction of additional paid in capital since this represented a transaction with stockholders at that time. 

 income or expenses. However
 if new information is known during interim periods (such as changes in tax rates or significant disallowed deductions) that would
materially affect the recorded amount
The
provision/benefit for income taxes is determined using the asset and liability approach. Under this approach
 deferred income taxes represent the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and tax basis of
assets and liabilities. We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to an amount that is more likely than not to be realized. We follow accounting guidance related to accounting for uncertainty in income taxes to record
uncertainties and judgments in the application of complex tax regulations. During Fiscal 2016
 we released the full valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets of $109.7&nbsp;million. Net deferred tax assets and federal income tax expense in
future years can be significantly affected by changes in enacted tax laws and rates or by unexpected adverse events that could impact management&#146;s conclusions regarding the ultimate realizability of deferred tax assets. 
We account for restricted stock awards
 restricted stock units and stock options granted to employees and
directors using a fair-value based method
 under which we measure the cost of services received in exchange for such awards on the grant-date fair value of the award and recognize the cost of the services over the vesting periods of the awards.
Prior to August&nbsp;26
 2016
 our stock awards consisted only of restricted stock. However
 on August&nbsp;26
 2016
 we implemented a long-term incentive program that includes awards to certain employees and directors of restricted stock units
(&#147;RSUs&#148;) and options to acquire shares of our common stock (&#147;stock options&#148;). The grant-date fair values of the RSUs are determined based on the price of our common stock on the grant dates. The fair value of the stock options
are determined using the Black Scholes option pricing model
 which includes an estimate of the expected volatility of our common stock
 based on the average volatility of a peer group of companies
 since we have insufficient trading history to
accurately estimate the expected volatility based on our historical stock price. In selecting the peer group for this purpose
 we currently use eight companies that offer branded and private label brands in our industry and that are similar in size
to us. See Note 16 of our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our stock awards
 including awards granted in Fiscal 2016 and awards outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2016. 
 




 2016
 our restricted stock awards were classified as liabilities up until
six months from the vesting date
 since up until that date the holders were deemed to not fully bear the risks and rewards of ownership. Six months after the vest date was deemed to be a sufficient period of time (six months) for the holders to
begin to bear the risks and rewards of ownership
 at which point
 the award was reclassified from liabilities to equity. Under the liability method
 each reporting
period
 the liability adjusted and additional compensation expense recognized. In connection with the IPO
 the liability award was converted to an equity award and accordingly
 was reclassified from liabilities to equity. As an equity award
 the
Since there
was no active market for our common stock prior to the IPO
 the fair value of our restricted stock awards were previously estimated using a market-comparable approach based on an estimate of our enterprise value
 subtracting our debt net of cash
 discount considering restrictions on transferability and estimated time to a liquidity event. We calculated our enterprise value by applying market benchmark
multiples to our Adjusted EBITDA for the trailing twelve months as of the end of the most recent applicable quarter. Annually
 in addition to our market approach to calculating fair value discussed above
 we also determined a value using an income
approach in the form of a discounted cash flow model. The results of our valuation analyses under the market and income approaches were compared for reasonableness. The dates of our valuations did not always coincide with the dates of restricted
stock grants. In such instances
 our estimates were based on the most recent valuation of such restricted stock and our assessment of additional objective and subjective factors that we believed to be relevant as of the grant dates. 

 we estimated the fair value of our restricted stock at various
dates
 considered the most recent valuations of our common stock and assessed additional objective and subjective factors that we believed were relevant
 such as our financial position
 including our debt obligations outstanding
 our historical and
forecasted performance and operating results and historical and projected enterprise values and trading multiples of guideline public companies. 

 such as assumptions regarding our future operating performance and the
time to complete a liquidity event for restricted stockholders. If we had made different assumptions
 our stock-based compensation expense
 net income and net income per share could have been different. 

 we granted liability-classified shares of restricted stock with weighted average
fair values per share as follows: 

















Share&nbsp;on&nbsp;Date&nbsp;
of


April&nbsp;4
 2015










July&nbsp;4
 2015










October&nbsp;3
 2015










January&nbsp;2
 2016










April&nbsp;2
 2016










July&nbsp;2
 2016









On July&nbsp;20
 2016
 the effective date of the IPO
 the restricted stock award was converted from a
liability award to an equity award
 and the fair value determined to be $23.53
 based on the opening price of our common stock on that date. As an equity award
 the fair value of this award is no longer


 prior to the conversion from a liability award to an equity award


 the

 




usually resulted in increases to the fair value of the award
 which resulted in corresponding increases to compensation expense. During the period leading up to the IPO
 compensation expense for
the liability award was being recorded based on a fair value of $17.65 per share
 determined as of July&nbsp;2
 2016
 an increase compared with $10.24 per share at April&nbsp;2
 2016 and $5.58 per share as of January&nbsp;2
 2016. 

 2016 was based on a formal valuation which was positively impacted by an increase in our Adjusted
EBITDA for the trailing twelve months period ended on that date
 an increase in the market benchmark multiples that were applied to Adjusted EBITDA
 a reduction in debt and a 5% reduction in the
 discount applied to the value determined based on the preceding factors
 all of which had the effect of increasing the fair value of the restricted stock liability award compared to
April&nbsp;2
 discount was reduced
 based on discussions with funds managed by Oaktree
 valuation developments
 at the time
 for
comparable companies
 and the increasing likelihood
 at the time
 of a strategic sale alternative or other liquidity event
 including the increased likelihood of an IPO of our common stock at that time. 

the result of strategic pricing and operational productivity cost savings
 which were expected to continue to benefit future results. In addition
 two strategic acquisitions that we integrated into our business by mid Fiscal 2015 made a significant
incremental contribution to our operating results. The purchase price of these acquisitions were funded from cash flows from operating activities
 without an increase in debt. Our operating cash flows were further enhanced by improved working
capital management. As a result
 we began Fiscal 2016 with lower debt on our balance sheet. 

 see Note 2 of our Consolidated Financial Statements. 




We are exposed to various
market risks in the ordinary course of business
 including risks associated with fluctuations in interest rate and commodity prices. 
Certain borrowings under our credit facilities bear interest at floating rates based on either LIBOR or the
lender&#146;s base rate
 plus an applicable margin in each case. Interest rate changes generally do not impact the fair value of floating-rate debt
 but may impact earnings and cash flows. At December&nbsp;31
 2016
 we held $695.0&nbsp;million of
floating rate debt
 represented by borrowings under the 2016 First Lien Term loan and up to $119.6&nbsp;million of floating rate borrowing available under our ABL Facility. Interest on our floating rate debt outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2016 was
based on a fixed margin over a variable LIBOR benchmark
 subject to a minimum of 1.00%. As of December&nbsp;31
 2016
 the LIBOR benchmark was 0.77%. If the benchmark LIBOR interest rate were to increase by 1%
 our annual interest payments under the
Certain raw materials that we use in our food
processing operations are susceptible to commodity price changes. Increases in the prices of certain commodity products could result in higher overall production costs. The primary raw materials used in our food processing operations are beef
poultry
 pork
 bread
 breadings
 cheese
 eggs
 seasonings
 contracts and
 also
 by passing
on such cost increases to customers. In addition
 we periodically enter into swap agreements to mitigate our exposure to fluctuations in prices of natural gas and diesel fuel. There were no derivative contracts outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2016.

 






The information required by this Item is













 under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
 evaluated the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December&nbsp;31
 and
 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#147;Exchange Act&#148;)) are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange
Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission&#146;s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management
 including the Chief
Executive and Chief Financial officers
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on their evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures were effective. 

attestation report of the Company&#146;s registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission for newly public companies. 


 2016 that have
materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting. 




 



 




DIRECTORS
The information required by this
Item is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC relating to our 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the &#147;2017 Proxy Statement&#148;)
 under the headings &#147;Election of Directors&#148;
 &#147;Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance&#148;
 in Part I
 Item 1 under the caption
&#147;Executive Officers.&#148; 



The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by
reference to the 2017 Proxy Statement
 under the heading &#147;Executive Compensation.&#148; 





 under the headings &#147;Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management&#148; and &#147;Equity Compensation Plan Information.&#148; 



The
information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2017 Proxy Statement
 under the heading &#147;Corporate Governance.&#148; 



The information required by this Item is
incorporated herein by reference to the 2017 Proxy Statement
 under the heading &#147;Proposal to Ratify Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.&#148; 
 



 




The following financial statements are
included in a separate section of this Form 





 2016 and January&nbsp;2
 2016 and for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2016
 January&nbsp;2
 2016 and January&nbsp;3
 2015: 




















Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the
 fiscal years ended December&nbsp;31
 2016
 January&nbsp;2
 2016 and January&nbsp;3
 2015





Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December&nbsp;31
 2016 and January&nbsp;
2
 2016





Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#146; Deficit for the fiscal years ended
 December&nbsp;31
 2016
 January&nbsp;2
 2016
 and January&nbsp;3
 2015





Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended December&nbsp;31
 2016
 January&nbsp;2
 2016 and January&nbsp;3
 2015





















 Item 8 and Part IV
 is included in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page&nbsp;F-1.





 are intended to provide information regarding their terms and not to provide any other factual or disclosure information
about us or the other parties to the agreements. The agreements may contain representations and warranties by the parties to the agreements
 including us
 solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement. Such representation
and warranties: 






 but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate; 







 which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreement;














 these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other
time. 
 



 

















 filed on
July&nbsp;25
 2016)







 filed on July&nbsp;25
2016)







 dated as of December&nbsp;7
 2016
 by and among AdvancePierre Foods Holdings
&nbsp;Inc.
 the Guarantors named therein
 and U.S. Bank National Association
 as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the
 filed on December&nbsp;8
 2016)






 filed on December&nbsp;8
2016)







 2016
 by and among the Registrant and the other parties named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on
 filed on July&nbsp;25
 2016)







 2016


 2016)








 2016 (the June 24
 2016 







 dated July&nbsp;20
 2016


 2016)







 dated as of June&nbsp;2
 2016
 among AdvancePierre Foods Holdings
 Inc.
 Pierre Holdco
 Inc.
 AdvancePierre Foods
 Inc.
 the lenders party thereto from time to time and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding
Inc.
 as administrative agent and security agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the June&nbsp;24
 2016 Form 







 dated as of June&nbsp;2
 2016
 among AdvancePierre Foods
 Inc.
 the lenders party thereto from time to time and Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC
 as
administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the June&nbsp;24
 2016 Form 







 2013 by and between John Simons and AdvancePierre Foods
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant&#146;s Registration Statement on
 filed on June&nbsp;15
 2016 (the &#147;June 15
 2016 Form 







 2012 and effective as of February&nbsp;28
 2012 by and between Michael Sims and AdvancePierre Foods
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.8 to the June&nbsp;15
2016 Form 
 



















 2015 by and between Anthony Schroder and AdvancePierre Foods
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the June&nbsp;15









 2013 and effective as of July&nbsp;8
 2013 by and between James Clough and AdvancePierre Foods
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the June&nbsp;15









 2014 by and between James Clough and AdvancePierre Foods
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the June&nbsp;15









 Inc.
 effective March&nbsp;24
 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the June&nbsp;24
 2016 Form
S-1/A)







 2013 and effective as of January&nbsp;20
 2013 by and between George Chappelle and AdvancePierre Foods
 Inc.(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the June&nbsp;24
 2016
Form 







 2013 by and between Thomas Lavan and AdvancePierre Foods
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the June&nbsp;24









 2015 by and between Thomas Lavan and AdvancePierre Foods
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the June&nbsp;24









 2016 Form 







 effective as of January&nbsp;23
 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the June&nbsp;15









 2016 Form 







 2016 Form








 Inc. Special Enhanced Severance Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.20 to the June&nbsp;15
 2016 Form 







 Inc. 2016 Executive Severance Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.21 to the June&nbsp;24
 2016 Form 







 Inc. 401(k) Retirement Plan
 amended and restated effective as of January&nbsp;1
 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the June&nbsp;24
 2016 Form








 Inc. 401(k) Retirement Plan
 effective as of July&nbsp;1
 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the June&nbsp;15
 2016








 Inc. 401(k) Retirement Plan
 dated January&nbsp;9
 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the June&nbsp;15
 2016

 



















 Inc. 401(k) Retirement Plan
 dated January&nbsp;9
 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the June&nbsp;15
 2016 Form








 Inc. 401(k) Retirement Plan
 dated January&nbsp;9
 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the June&nbsp;15









 Inc. 401(k) Retirement Plan
 effective as of October&nbsp;1
 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the June&nbsp;24
 2016 Form








 Inc. 401(k) Retirement Plan
 effective as of January&nbsp;1
 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the June&nbsp;24
 2016 Form







 filed on September&nbsp;16
2016))







 as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form
 filed on August&nbsp;19
 2016)









 2016)







 Inc. 2009 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (Independent Director Form) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.3 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report
 filed on August&nbsp;19
 2016)







 Inc. 2009 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan Form of Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on
 filed on August&nbsp;19
 2016)







 dated July&nbsp;20
 2016
 by and between AdvancePierre Foods Holdings
 Inc. and Oaktree Capital Management


 2016)







 2016 by and between David Tipton and AdvancePierre Foods


 2016)







 2016 and effective August&nbsp;1
 2016 by and between Linn S Harson and AdvancePierre Foods
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#146;s Quarterly
 filed on August&nbsp;12
 2016)






 filed on November&nbsp;9
 2016)







 dated October&nbsp;27
 2016
 among AdvancePierre Foods
 Inc.
 AdvancePierre Foods Holdings
 Inc.
 and Christopher D. Sliva (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Current
 filed on November&nbsp;10
 2016)







 dated November&nbsp;7
 2016
 among AdvancePierre Foods Holdings
 Inc.
 AdvancePierre Foods
 Inc.
 and John Simons (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.2 to the Registrant&#146;s Current
 filed on November&nbsp;10
 2016)







 dated October&nbsp;26
 2016
 between AdvancePierre Foods
 Inc. and John Simons (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 
filed on November&nbsp;10
 2016)
 



















 dated as of December&nbsp;7
 2016
 among AdvancePierre Foods Holdings
&nbsp;Inc.
 Pierre Holdco
&nbsp;Inc.
 AdvancePierre Foods
&nbsp;Inc.
 Morgan Stanley Senior Funding
&nbsp;Inc.
as administrative agent and security agent
 filed on December&nbsp;8
2016)



































 as Adopted Pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002







 as Adopted Pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002























































 



 

 the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized. 






ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
 INC.















Date: March&nbsp;9
 2017 

 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of
the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 




















































































































&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Date: March&nbsp;9
 2017 

 



 



























Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the
 fiscal years ended December&nbsp;31
 2016
 January&nbsp;2
 2016 and January&nbsp;3
 2015








Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December&nbsp;31
 2016 and January&nbsp;
2
 2016








Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#146; Deficit for the fiscal years ended
 December&nbsp;31
 2016
 January&nbsp;2
 2016
 and January&nbsp;3
 2015








Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended December&nbsp;31
 2016
 January&nbsp;2
 2016 and January&nbsp;3
 2015

















Schedule II &#150; Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the fiscal years ended December&nbsp;31
2016
 January&nbsp;2
 2016 and January&nbsp;3
 2015*









 



Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of AdvancePierre Foods Holdings
 Inc.: 

 the consolidated financial statements listed in the accompanying index present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial
position of AdvancePierre Foods Holdings
 Inc. and its subsidiaries as of December&nbsp;31
 2016 and January&nbsp;2
 2016
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December&nbsp;31
 2016 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition
 in our opinion
 the financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index presents fairly
 in all material
respects
financial statements. These financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company&#146;s management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these financial statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

March&nbsp;9
 2017 
 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC.

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 























December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;2



January&nbsp;3


















568





611





577







051





158





227



































































Selling
 general and administrative expenses
































Other expense
 net



























































































































































































































Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax:


























































































































101





350





209





















102





181





209































 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC.

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 














December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;2



































Accounts receivable
 net of allowances of $291 and $15 at December&nbsp;31
 2016 and
January&nbsp;2
 2016
 respectively





































































Property
 plant and equipment
 net

































Other intangibles
 net






































































247





096












































Liabilities under tax receivable agreement &#150; current portion (primarily due to related
parties)


















































































































Long-term debt
 net of current maturities (including related party amount of $65
813 and $31
495 at
December&nbsp;31
 2016 and January&nbsp;2
 2016
 respectively)



078





233



Liabilities under tax receivable agreement
 net of current portion (primarily due to related
parties)















































548





523

































Common stock&#151;$0.01 par value
 500
000
000 shares authorized
 78
078
535 and 66
057
768 issued
at December&nbsp;31
 2016 and January&nbsp;2
 2016
 respectively
















































































247





096













 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
 INC 

(In thousands
 except share amounts) 

































































Balance at December&nbsp;28
 2013



941



































































060













































































































































































































































































































Balance at January&nbsp;3
 2015



001


































































































228


















































































































































































































































































Balance at January&nbsp;2
 2016



057

































































































090
































































































































































































































138





















































































































































































Balance at December&nbsp;31
 2016



078




























































 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC.

























December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;2



January&nbsp;3












































































Loss on disposal of property
 plant and equipment






























































































Other changes in operating assets and liabilities (excluding amounts from acquisitions) (See Note
23)
















Other
 net









































































Purchases of property
 plant and equipment
















Net cash used in acquisitions
 net of cash acquired















Proceeds from sale of property
 plant and equipment










































































































Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt
 net of debt issuance costs



683















865






















































































































































Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of period




























Cash and cash equivalents
 end of period

















































 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC.

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 

 AdvancePierre Foods Holdings
&nbsp;Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) is a leading national producer and
distributor of value-added
 convenient
 sandwiches
 sandwich components and other entr&eacute;es and snacks. The Company sells its value-added products to
the Foodservice
 Retail


 peanut butter and jelly (&#147;PB&amp;J&#148;) sandwiches and hamburgers); sandwich components (such as flame-grilled hamburgers and chicken patties and
Philly steaks); and other entr&eacute;es and snacks (such as country fried steak
 stuffed entr&eacute;es
 chicken tenders and cinnamon dough bites). 

&nbsp;Inc.
 On
June&nbsp;16
 2016
 stock split of its common stock with an effective date of June&nbsp;21
 2016. The par value of the common stock
was not adjusted as a result of the stock split. All share and per share amounts included herein have been retroactivity adjusted to reflect the stock split. Fractional shares resulting from the stock split were rounded up to the nearest whole
On July&nbsp;20
 2016
 the Company completed an initial public offering (&#147;IPO&#148;) of 21
390
000 shares of its common
stock
 in which 11
090
000 shares were sold by the Company and 10
300
000 were sold by the selling stockholders. On January&nbsp;24
 2017
 the Company completed a secondary public offering in which certain funds managed by Oaktree Capital
Management
 L.P. (&#147;Oaktree&#148;)
 and certain members of management sold 14
375
000 shares of common stock. Oaktree is the management company for OCM. 

 The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its
subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions have been eliminated. Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. None of the reclassifications were considered material. 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the US
(&#147;GAAP&#148;) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of such statements and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant accounting estimates include estimates of fair values for inventory
 goodwill
 other intangible assets
 other long-lived assets and liabilities under income tax receivable agreements
 in
addition to accounting estimates for sales discounts
 promotional allowances
sales-in-transit
 self-insurance reserves
 fair value of stock&#150;based compensation
awards and useful lives assigned to intangible assets and property
 plant and equipment. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 or
 fiscal year ending on the Saturday closest to December&nbsp;31. The fiscal year ended December&nbsp;31
 2016 (&#147;Fiscal 2016&#148;) and January&nbsp;2


 fiscal period. The fiscal year ending December&nbsp;30
 2017
Cash and Cash
Equivalents.
 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 

 the Company&#146;s cash and cash equivalents
are net of book overdrafts relating to outstanding checks in excess of cash in accounts with the same financial institution
 if there exists a right of offset. At December&nbsp;31
 2016 and January&nbsp;2
 2016
 cash and cash equivalents on the
consolidated balance sheets included book overdrafts of $2
686 and $4
588
Cash in domestic bank accounts is insured by the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;). From time to time
 the Company may deposit cash in interest-bearing domestic bank accounts that may not be fully insured by the FDIC. Cash and cash equivalents at December&nbsp;31
 2016
include short term money market and commercial paper investments with a US financial institution of $45
959 and $56
967
 respectively; no short term money market or commercial paper investments were included in cash and cash equivalents at
January&nbsp;2
 Allowances for doubtful accounts are maintained against accounts receivable for
estimated losses resulting from a customer&#146;s inability to make required payments. Some of these allowances are specific (relate to certain customers considered to pose greater credit risk) as well as general (relate to estimates based on trends
in the entire customer pool). Accounts are written off against the reserve when it is evident that collection will not occur. 
 The Company is exposed to normal credit risk associated with the nature
of trade receivables
 and generally
 does not require collateral from its customers. As part of its management of such risks
 the Company performs certain periodic customer evaluations. The Company is also exposed to credit risk related to a
concentration of receivables among a few customers. Sales to two of the Company&#146;s three largest customers are primarily generated in its Foodservice segment
 whereas sales to the third customer is primarily generated in the Retail segment. In
Fiscal 2016
 these three customers accounted for 13.7%
 12.3% and 10.8% of the Company&#146;s net sales
 respectively. The equivalent percentages were 13.6%
 12.0% and 9.9% of net sales in Fiscal 2015. For Fiscal 2014
 the equivalent percentages
were 12.9%
 12.2% and 10.1&nbsp;% of net sales. If the Company were to lose any of such customers
 the effect on its results could be material. Aggregate accounts receivable balances due from these 3 customers at December&nbsp;31
 2016 and
January&nbsp;2
 2016 were $22
627 and $23
234
 Cost for inventory is composed of the purchase

 or market
 accompanied by reserves to reduce the carrying
values of inventories to expected net realizable value after considering expected disposition of the inventory and if applicable
 expected sales price and incremental costs to sell. 
Property
 Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs which
do not significantly extend the useful lives of assets are charged to operations whereas additions and betterments
 including interest costs incurred during construction
 which was not material for the fiscal years presented
 are capitalized. 

 plant and equipment is provided over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets on the straight-line basis.
Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the terms of the respective leases. Property under capital leases is amortized over the terms of the respective leases. When property
 plant and equipment are
retired or sold
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts with any gain or loss recognized in Other expense
 net. 

 the Company evaluates the recoverability of property
plant
 and equipment not held for sale by comparing the carrying amount of the asset or group of assets against the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the 
 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 

use of the asset or group of assets and their eventual disposition. If the undiscounted future cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset or group of assets being evaluated
 an
impairment loss is recorded. The loss is measured as the difference between the fair value and carrying value of the asset or group of assets being evaluated. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or the fair
value less cost to sell. The estimated fair value is based on the best information available under the circumstances
 including prices for similar assets or the results of valuation techniques
 including the present value of expected future cash
flows using a discount rate commensurate with the risks involved. 
 software costs include external consulting fees and payroll-related costs for employees that are directly associated with
 and who devote time to
 the software
projects during the application development stage. Capitalization begins when the planning stage is complete and the Company commits resources to the software project. Amortization of the asset commences when the software is placed into service. The
Company amortizes 
 Other intangible assets include recipes
 customer relationships


 licensing agreements
 water and sewer usage permits and certain trade names and trademarks. 

perform the annual evaluation as of the end of the third quarter. Such tests are performed more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Indicators of impairment are reviewed on a
quarterly basis to determine if an impairment test is required. In its goodwill impairment test
 process. In the first step
 the fair value of the reporting unit is compared to
its carrying value. If such fair value exceeds the carrying value
 the second step is not required. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 the second step is performed to determine the amount
 if any
 of impairment
loss. In the second step
 the implied fair value of the goodwill is compared with its carrying amount
 and an impairment loss is recognized for the excess
 if the carrying amount of the goodwill exceeds its fair value. Annual goodwill impairment
tests performed as of October&nbsp;1
 2016
 October&nbsp;3
 2015 and September&nbsp;27
 2014 resulted in no impairment charges. 

 or more frequently
 when events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If the carrying amount of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. The fair values of trademarks and
trade names are determined using a royalty rate method based on expected revenues by trademark or trade name. For Fiscal 2016
 the Company elected to perform a step zero evaluation of its indefinite-lived intangible assets
 which is a qualitative
assessment. Factors considered by the Company in the qualitative assessment included financial performance as well as the result of the previous quantitative assessment performed in Fiscal 2014 in which the fair value of its indefinite-lived
intangible assets exceeded its carrying amount by over 300%. The Company&#146;s annual evaluations of indefinite-lived intangible assets revealed no impairment charges in Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 or Fiscal 2014. The Company also evaluated the useful
In Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 and
Fiscal 2014
Intangible
assets with finite lives are reviewed for impairment if changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. There were no indicators of impairment in Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 or

 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 

Fiscal 2014. Accordingly
 no impairment was recorded for those years. Intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over the estimated useful lives of such assets using either a method that
 Deferred loan
origination fees associated with the Company&#146;s revolving credit facility and long-term debt are amortized based on the term of the respective loan agreements. All amortization expense related to deferred loan origination fees is included in
interest expense. In connection with refinancing transactions
 the Company evaluates debt on a creditor by creditor basis to assess whether the refinancing transaction results in a modification or an extinguishment with the issuance of new debt.
Existing deferred loan origination fees are expensed or carried over and fees associated with the refinancing transaction are expensed or capitalized as appropriate. 
 The Company records revenues from sales of its food products at the time that title and risk of loss
transfers. Standard shipping terms for domestic customers are FOB destination point. Based on these terms
 title and risk of loss passes at the time the product is delivered to the customer. For the majority of the Company&#146;s international
customers
 shipping terms are FOB shipping point. Based on these terms
 title and risk of loss passes at the time the product departs from the Company&#146;s plant or warehouse. Revenue is recognized as the net amount to be received by the Company
after deductions for estimated discounts
 product returns
 and other allowances. These estimates are based on historical trends and expected future payments (see also 
 Cost of goods sold includes raw material costs
 packaging supply costs
 manufacturing labor and
 Advertising costs are expensed as
incurred and are included in Selling
 general and administrative expenses. Advertising expense for Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014 was $2
182
 $1
523 and $986
 respectively. Promotional expenses associated with rebates
 marketing
promotions
 and special pricing arrangements are recorded as a reduction of net sales at the time the sale is recorded. Certain of these expenses are estimated based on historical trends
 expected future payments to be made and expected future
customer deductions to be taken under the respective programs. The Company believes that the estimates recorded
 including the liability under these programs recorded at December&nbsp;31
 2016 are reasonable. Refer to &#147;Accrued promotions and
 The Company participates in the
US Department of Agriculture (&#147;USDA&#148;) Commodity Reprocessing Program (the &#147;USDA Commodity Program&#148;) which provides food and nutrition assistance to schools. Under the provisions of the USDA Commodity Program
 the Company receives
government donated raw materials
 which it processes into finished food products for sale to schools. The USDA Commodity Program provides that
 among other things
 the Company bears the risk of loss
 spoilage or obsolescence associated with donated
raw materials as well as the risk of loss
 spoilage or obsolescence associated with the finished goods produced from the donated raw materials. Obligations under the USDA Commodity Program and the related inventory are recorded at the USDA
stipulated value of the donated commodity raw materials at the date the Company takes possession of the raw materials. Upon delivery of finished product to qualifying school customers
 the inventory and associated liability are reduced or netted
against each other. As a result
 revenues and cost of goods sold related to sales under the USDA Commodity Program are recorded exclusive of the value of the donated raw material product. 
 The Company&#146;s compensation structure includes a stock-based incentive program that allows for the
issuance of stock options
 performance stock
 restricted stock and restricted stock units (&#147;RSUs&#148;). Compensation expense related to stock-based compensation is recorded in accordance with ASC&nbsp;718

Compensation.
 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 
 Research and development costs are expensed as
incurred. Such costs consist of employee-related costs
 supplies
 travel
 and production costs associated with product testing. These costs are included in Selling
 general and administrative expenses. Research and development expenses for Fiscal
2016
 Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014 was $8
946
 $6
551 and $5
991
 Distribution costs
are expensed as incurred. Such costs include warehousing
 The Company is
self-insured for certain employee medical and workers&#146; compensation benefits. The Company maintains stop-loss coverage in order to limit its exposure to such claims. Self-insurance expenses are accrued based on estimates of any significant
 The
provision or benefit for income taxes is determined using the asset and liability approach. Under this approach
 deferred income taxes represent the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and tax basis
of assets and liabilities. The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce its deferred tax assets to an amount that is more likely than not to be realized. The Company follows accounting guidance related to accounting for uncertainty in income
taxes to record uncertainties and judgments in the application of complex tax regulations (refer to Note&nbsp;11 for more information). 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company accounts for derivative financial instruments at fair value
 as
&#148; (&#147;ASC&nbsp;820&#148;). The Company did not elect the fair value option permitted by ASC 825
 
 whereby a company may choose to measure
 at fair value
Derivative Financial
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;From time to time
 the Company may hold derivative financial instruments
 including forward foreign currency exchange contracts and diesel and natural gas swap agreements. Such instruments are generally
not entered into for trading purposes. Fair value changes of such instruments are generally recorded in other comprehensive income (&#147;OCI&#148;)
 if they are determined to be effective as hedges
 and deferred gains and losses are reclassified
from OCI to earnings in the period in which the gains and losses from the underlying transactions are recognized into earnings
 including contract terminations. Changes in fair value that do not qualify for hedge accounting are immediately
In connection with the IPO
 the Company entered into
 stockholders 85% of any realized tax
savings in US federal
 state
 local and foreign income tax that it actually realizes (or that it is deemed to realize) as a result of the utilization of tax attributes that originated during the 
period. Since this represents a transaction with shareholders
 the Company simultaneously recorded a reduction of additional paid in capital when it recorded the initial liability. Any changes to the liability due to early termination or


as part of the consideration for an acquisition made in Fiscal 2015
 the Company agreed to make certain future payments to the seller based on the achievement of certain volumes. As a result
 the Company recorded a liability related to such
contingent consideration. Since the Company believed that the minimum volumes included in the agreement would be achieved or exceeded
 the fair 
 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 

value of the liability recorded was based on the net present value of the maximum payment amount included in the agreement. Periodically
 the underlying assumptions are evaluated and the fair
value of such contingent consideration is adjusted
 as necessary. Any changes are recognized in earnings
&#148; (&#147;ASC&nbsp;805&#148;). Payments by the Company are required based on the
achievement of certain minimum volumes. 




&#148; The new guidance simplifies the accounting for share-based payment transactions
 including the income tax consequences
 classification of awards as either equity or
liability
 and classification on the statement of cash flows. This guidance was effective for the Company on January&nbsp;1
 2017 and is not expected to materially impact the financial statements. 


Simplifying the Measurement of
Inventory
&#148; which requires entities to measure most inventory &#147;at the lower of cost and net realizable value
&#148; thereby simplifying the current guidance under which an entity must measure inventory at the lower of cost or market.

 (LIFO) method or the Retail inventory method. The updated guidance was
effective for the Company on January&nbsp;1
In April&nbsp;2015

.&#148; The new guidance changed the presentation of debt issuance costs in financial statements. Under the
ASU
 an entity is now required to present such costs in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the related debt rather than as an asset. Amortization of the debt issuance costs continues to be reported as interest expense. The updated guidance
was effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2015
 including interim periods within that reporting period.&nbsp;The Company adopted the guidance in the first quarter of Fiscal 2016.&nbsp;The impact resulted in
reductions of long-term assets and long-term debt of $11
638 and $11
071 as of December&nbsp;31
 2016 and January&nbsp;2
 2016
 respectively. 



Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350)
The guidance eliminates the requirement to calculate the implied fair value of goodwill (i.e.
 Step 2 of the current goodwill impairment test) to measure a goodwill impairment charge. Instead
entities are to record an impairment charge based on the excess of a reporting unit&#146;s carrying amount over its fair value (i.e. measure the charge based on the current Step 1). The revised guidance is to be applied prospectively
 and is
 SEC filers in 2020. Early adoption is permitted for any impairment tests performed after January&nbsp;1
 2017. The new guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the
In January 2017
 the FASB issued ASU

. The ASU clarifies the definition of a business and provides guidance to assist entities in determining whether
transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or whether they should be accounted for as acquisitions or disposals of a businesses. To be considered a business under the guidance
 there needs to be an input and a
substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability 
 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 

to create output. The ASU removes the requirement to consider whether a market participant could replace missing elements. The amendments are effective for the Company on January&nbsp;1
 2018
and is to be applied prospectively. The provisions of this ASU will need to be applied to future acquisitions or dispositions
 but is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements. 


&nbsp;Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity
Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory. 
beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2017
 including interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods. Early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of an annual reporting period and will require a modified retrospective adoption. The
In August&nbsp;2016
 the FASB issued ASU

.&#148; The new guidance was issued to reduce diversity in practice with respect to the presentation and classification of certain
cash receipts and payments in the statement of cash flows under Topic 230

 and other Topics. The update addresses eight specific cash flow issues
 including presentation of certain debt issuance costs
 proceeds from
settlement of insurance claims and contingent consideration entered into in connection with acquisitions. The amendments are effective for the Company in fiscal years beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2017
 and interim periods within those fiscal
years and will require retrospective adoption for all periods presented. An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. The Company is in the process of evaluating this guidance. 



guidance will require lessees to recognize the assets and liabilities that arise from leases in the balance sheet
 including operating leases. The updated guidance will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2018
 including
In
May 2014

 outlines a new
 single comprehensive model for
entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance. This new revenue recognition model provides a five-step analysis in determining when and how revenue is



 is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2017
 and early adoption is permitted. The Company is continuing to assess
 on its financial statements
 and
 based on the progress to date
 does not expect the adoption to have a material impact on the timing of its revenue recognition. 
As discussed
in Note 2
 in connection with the IPO
 net operating
losses (&#147;NOLs&#148;)
 alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards (including alternative minimum tax credits that arise after the IPO as a result of limitations on the use of NOLs under the alternative minimum tax) and tax basis (including
depreciation and amortization deductions). On the TRA&#146;s effective date of July&nbsp;20
 2016
 the Company recorded an initial obligation of $254
155 and
 since this represents a transaction with the shareholders at that time
 the Company
simultaneously recorded a reduction of additional paid in capital. 
 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 

 2016 was determined by comparing the Company&#146;s expected
tax liability if the 

between January&nbsp;2
 2016 and July&nbsp;19
 2016 along with projections of pretax income. Certain assumptions were made regarding the projected use of the tax attributes
 including NOLs. The use of different assumptions and/or estimates could
have a material effect on the estimated liability. The liability
 timing and/or payments of amounts due under the TRA will vary depending on a number of factors
 including the amount and timing of 
Payments under the TRA
 along with interest
 are due annually
 after the
Company files its federal tax return. Interest on the amounts due under the TRA will accrue from April&nbsp;17 of each year until the payment is made and will be based on LIBOR plus 200 basis points. Based on the date that the Company expects to
file its tax returns
 tax attributes are utilized or expired
unless the company exercises its right to terminate the TRA earlier or if termination is triggered as would occur if there were to be a change of control
 as defined in the TRA. In the case of a voluntary early termination election by the Company or
a change of control
 the Company would be required to make a lump sum payment equal to the present value of expected future payments
 which would be based on certain assumptions.&nbsp;In certain other cases
 such as the sale of any of the
Company&#146;s subsidiaries in a transaction that is not a change of control
 the Company would be required to make a lump sum payment equal to the present value of future payments under the TRA attributable to that subsidiary. 

$35
793 as current. Interest will accrue on this amount at LIBOR plus 2% between April&nbsp;17
 2017 and the date of payment. 

 2016
 the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding common stock of Allied Specialty Foods
&nbsp;Inc.
(&#147;Allied&#148;) for a purchase price of $62
319 (net of cash acquired of $440). The purchase price was funded entirely from cash on hand at the time of the acquisition. Allied is a manufacturer of raw and cooked beef and chicken Philly steak
products. The acquisition of Allied provides the Company with additional sandwich component production capacity and expands its market position in the Philly steak platform by providing entry into fully-cooked product offerings
 and expands its
geographic reach. The Company expects that the acquisition will provide certain cost synergies. Allied&#146;s customers are primarily in the Foodservice industry
 and are served from a 20
000 square foot manufacturing facility in Vineland
 New
Jersey that has two cook lines
 three raw slicing lines and one breakaway steak line. In June&nbsp;2016
 Allied began building a new 70
000 square foot facility with seven raw slicing/breakaway lines and four cook lines
 which is expected to be
On January&nbsp;30
 2015
 the Company acquired the wholesale business and production assets
of Landshire
&nbsp;Inc. (&#147;Landshire&#148;)
 a manufacturer and marketer of sandwich products
 and on April&nbsp;24
 2015 acquired the business and production assets of Better Bakery
&nbsp;LLC (&#147;Better Bakery&#148;)
 a producer of high
quality
 premium stuffed sandwiches and other licensed products. The acquisitions brought additional premium products to the Company&#146;s portfolio that complemented and increased its product offerings as well as provided the Company with
additional capacity for increased sandwich and bakery production. The sellers of Landshire entered into an agreement with the Company that required the payment to them of earn out payments to be paid in cash over three years
 based

 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 

on certain volume performance. The liability recorded for the earn out payments is considered to be a contingent consideration since it is contingent on the achievement of certain targets. 

 in the case of Landshire
 a liability related to earn out payments.
Since the Company believed that the minimum volumes included in the agreement with the seller of Landshire would be achieved or exceeded
 the fair value of the liability recorded was based on the net present value of the maximum payment amount
included in the agreement. Accordingly
 the purchase price for each acquisition consisted of the following: 







































































































In connection with the three acquisitions
 the Company performed valuations of the acquired assets and assumed
liabilities. Intangible assets identified in the valuations included (as applicable) customer relationships
 trade names and trademarks
 agreements. Fair values were derived using Level&nbsp;3
inputs
 as defined by ASC 820. With respect to the Allied acquisition
 the purchase price allocation is still preliminary. Such assets and liabilities include tangible and intangible assets for which fair values were determined using pricing models
discounted cash flow methodologies
 or similar techniques
 as well as methods for which the determination of fair value required significant management judgment and/or estimates. Unobservable inputs were developed based on the best information
available
 which in some instances included the Company&#146;s own data. Intangible assets with finite lives relating to the Allied acquisition are being amortized over the estimated useful lives of such assets using a method that is based on
estimated future cash flows. 
 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 

allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on estimated fair values at the date of each acquisition. The allocation of the purchase price for the three acquisitions were as follows: 













































Property
 plant and equipment






























 estimated useful
life)































 weighted
average lives)














 weighted
average lives)














 agreements (useful lives of between 3 and 5
years)










































































































Liabilities assumed as part of the Allied acquisition were
 in large part
 accounts payable and accrued
liabilities incurred in the normal course of business. The assumed liability for Better Bakery of $7
228 primarily related to an onerous broker contract
 the amount of which was determined by reference to prevailing market brokerage rates for the
Company and projected future sales under the contract. The goodwill arising from the acquisitions consisted largely of the synergies and economies of scale expected from combining the acquired businesses and integrating them into the Company
 as
well as the value attributed to the assembled workforce. Except for the goodwill that arose from the Allied acquisition
 all goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. Other expense
 net for Fiscal 2016 and Fiscal 2015 includes acquisition-related
legal and professional fees of $284 and $1
125
 respectively
The following data table presents summarized
pro forma results of the Company had the Fiscal 2016 acquisition (Allied) occurred on January&nbsp;3
 2015 and the Fiscal 2015 acquisitions (Landshire and Better Bakery) occurred on December&nbsp;29
 2013 (unaudited): 

























613





670














 exit costs
 expenses of $1
879
 of which $927 related to manufacturing start up inefficiencies and $952 related to severance
 professional fees
 travel
The Company&#146;s consolidated net sales and net income for Fiscal 2016 and Fiscal 2015 included the following
amounts for Allied (acquired November&nbsp;7
 2016) for Better Bakery (acquired April&nbsp;24
 2015) and 
 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 

Landshire (acquired January&nbsp;30
 2015) for the periods between the acquisition date and the end of the applicable fiscal year: 



















































































December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;2






































































Other receivables at December&nbsp;31
 2016 and January&nbsp;2
 2016 includes $2
329 and $9
398
 respectively
for a product contamination insurance policy claim related to the recall of stuffed chicken breast products that occurred in Fiscal 2015.&nbsp;Such amounts were recognized based on a loss contingency model and primarily relate to a claim for net
sales reductions due to product returns
 marketing expenses to support post-recall sales
 professional fees and travel.&nbsp;The amount recorded represents the amount expected to be collected under the policy. The full amount of the insurance claim
is $19
196
 of which $1
000 is subject to self-insurance retention. The amount claimed also includes unrecorded contingent gains of $5
867 representing claims for business interruption. The activity in the recall receivable account was as follows:















December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;2











Balance
 beginning of year























































Balance
 end of year




















Of the $1
535 recorded as claim additions in Fiscal 2016
 $345
 $30
 $1
001 and $159 were recorded to cost of
goods sold
 distribution expenses
 selling
 general and administrative expenses and other expense
 net
 respectively. Of the $11
794 recorded in Fiscal 2015
 $6
244
 $196
 $1
700 and $3
654 were recorded to Cost of goods sold
 Distribution expenses
Selling
 general and administrative expenses
 and Other expense
 net
 respectively. 
 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 
 















December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;2


















































































7. PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 

 plant and equipment along with their respective estimated useful lives are as follows: 






















December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;2




























































































































































































































 software costs included in software
above was $5
261 and $5
777 as of December&nbsp;31
 2016 and January&nbsp;2
 2016
 computer software costs included in depreciation expense for Fiscal
2016
 Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014 was $3
262
 $3
153 and $2
876
Depreciation expense for Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 and
Fiscal 2014 was $33
448
 $31
149 and $28
182
 respectively. 
 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 
 
















December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;2



































Trade name and trademarks (weighted average life &#150; 13 and 12&nbsp;years
respectively)











 (weighted average life &#150;
4&nbsp;years)






































































































































































































































































































Amortization expense related to other intangibles was $31
275
 $31
708 and $29
823 for Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal
2015 and Fiscal 2014
 respectively. 
 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 

 2016
 expected future amortization expense for other intangibles was as
follows: 













































































































Balance at December&nbsp;28
 2013 and January&nbsp;3
 2015





























































Balance at January&nbsp;2
 2016




























































Balance at December&nbsp;31
 2016






































There were no accumulated goodwill impairment losses at December&nbsp;31
 2016
 January&nbsp;2
 2016 and
January&nbsp;3
 2015. 

derivatives are generally designated as cash flow hedges and are usually recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. 
 The Company&#146;s products are delivered by independent freight carriers. Generally
 such carriers charge the
Company a basic rate per mile
 but that rate is usually subject to a mileage surcharge that may be triggered if the price of diesel fuel increases. To manage the fluctuations in such prices
 in Fiscal 2014
 the Company entered into a variable to
fixed rate commodity swap agreement with a financial counterparty that hedged approximately 60% of its diesel fuel requirements. The hedge agreement was not entered into for speculative purposes. Instead
 it was entered into to mitigate the
variability in monthly cash flows attributable to fuel surcharge rates related to changes in U.S. No 2 Diesel Retail prices. The hedging instruments consisted of a series of financially settled fixed forward contracts with varying expiration dates
none of which exceeded twelve months. The net amounts were settled monthly and the amounts paid or received each month were recorded as adjustments to freight expense. The effective changes in fair value were recorded in Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income (Loss) (&#147;AOCI&#148;)
 The Company&#146;s
natural gas is sourced from multiple providers. In Fiscal 2014
 the Company entered into a series of variable to fixed rate commodity swap agreements with a financial counterparty that hedged approximately 40% of its natural gas requirements. The
hedge agreements were not entered into for 
 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 

speculative purposes. Instead
 they were entered into to mitigate the variability in monthly cash flows attributable to changes in NYMEX (New York Mercantile Exchange) pricing. The hedging
instruments consisted of a series of financially settled fixed forward contracts with varying expiration dates
 none of which exceeded twelve months. The net amounts were settled monthly and the amounts paid or received each month were recorded as
adjustments to utilities expense. The effective changes in fair value were recorded in AOCI
No
diesel fuel or natural gas hedge agreements were entered into during Fiscal 2016 or Fiscal 2015
 and none were outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2016 or January&nbsp;2
 2016. As a result
 there were no amounts in AOCI related to diesel fuel or
natural gas hedge agreements at December&nbsp;31
 2016 or January&nbsp;2
The effects of derivative instruments on the consolidated
statements of operations for Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014 are as follows: 

























































































































































The effect of the diesel fuel swap is recorded in Distribution expenses and the effect of the natural gas swap
10. FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS
On
June&nbsp;2
 2016
 the Company entered into a new first lien term loan in the aggregate amount of $1
300
000
 which matures on June&nbsp;2
 2023 (the &#147;2016 First Lien Term Loan&#148;) and an amendment to its asset-based revolving credit
facility (the &#147;ABL Facility&#148;) to extend its maturity date to June&nbsp;2
 2021. The net proceeds from the 2016 First Lien Term Loan of $1
293
500 (which was net of original issue discount of $6
500)
 were used to repay the amounts
outstanding under the 2012 issuance of a $925
000 first lien term loan (the &#147;2012 First Lien Term Loan&#148;) and the 2012 issuance of a $375
000 second lien term loan (the &#147;2012 Second Lien Term Loan&#148;) (collectively
 the &#147; Prior
Term Loans&#148;)
 pay related accrued interest of $11
990
 pay a prepayment penalty of $3
735 and pay debt issuance costs of $15
449.&nbsp;Proceeds of $3
619 were retained for working capital and other purposes. 

 2016
 using proceeds from the sale of its common stock in the IPO
 the Company voluntarily repaid $205
000 of the 2016 First
Lien Term Loan. The Company applied the voluntary repayment to all the scheduled payments that would have fallen due prior to the maturity of the 2016 First Lien Term Loan and also to a portion of the single payment due June&nbsp;2
 2023. 

 2016
 the Company issued $400
000 in aggregate principal amount of 5.50% Senior Unsecured Notes due 2024 (the &#147;Senior
Unsecured Notes&#148;)
 and used the net proceeds of $395
931 together with cash on hand
 to voluntarily repay $400
000 of outstanding borrowings under its 2016 First Lien Term Loan. 
 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 

Concurrently
 the Company completed a repricing amendment that resulted in a 75 basis point decrease in interest rates for the 2016 First Lien Term Loan. As a result of these repayments
 at
December&nbsp;31
 2016
 the only required future payment under the 2016 First Lien Term Loan is a single payment of $695
000 due on its maturity date of June&nbsp;2
 2023. 















December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;2



2016 First Lien Term Loan
 with floating interest rates
 maturing June&nbsp;2
 2023
 net of
original issue discount of $4
526










2016 First Lien Term Loan
 held by related party
 net of original issue discount of $181










Senior Unsecured Notes (including related party principal of $40
000)










2012 First Lien Term Loan
 net of original issue discount of $2
399










2012 Second Lien Term Loan
 net of original issue discount of $2
438










2012 Second Lien Term Loan
 held by related party
 net of original issue discount of $228

























































078





258




























078





233












As a result of the Fiscal 2016 financing transactions discussed above
 deferred loan fees
 original issue
discount and new third party fees were assessed and accounted for pursuant to ASC 






 2016
 the Company recognized $825 and $1
336 in expense related to the write off of original issue
discount and a portion of the unamortized deferred financing fees
 respectively
 associated with the Prior Term Loans. Of the $15
449 debt issuance costs incurred in connection with these transactions
 $11
896 were expensed and $3
553 were
capitalized. Fees capitalized of $2
896 related to the 2016 First Lien Term Loan are recognized in &#147;Long-term debt
 net of current maturities&#148; and $657 related to the ABL Facility are recognized in &#147;Other assets.&#148;&nbsp;After
considering the impact of the amortization of original issue discount and deferred financing fees
 the effective interest rate for the 2016 First Lien Term Loan was approximately 5.03% at the issue date. 







000 that occurred on July&nbsp;21
 2016
 the Company wrote off $1
900 and $1
466 in deferred financing fees and original issue discount
 respectively
 during the third
quarter of 2016. 






 the Company wrote off nominal amounts of deferred financing fees and original issue discount. New fees incurred to effect the repricing totaled $2
693
 of which $1
949 were
expensed and $744 were capitalized. 






000 that occurred on December&nbsp;7
 2016
 the Company wrote off $2
732 and $3
811 of original issue discount and deferred financing fees
 respectively
 during the fourth
quarter of 2016. 
 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 

effective interest rate for the 2016 First Lien Term Loan was approximately 4.27% at December&nbsp;7
 2016. Deferred financing fees and original issue discount written off as well as new fees expensed are recognized in Refinancing charges in the
Interest on borrowings under the 2016 First Lien Term Loan varies based
on either LIBOR or a bank base rate
 plus a margin as set forth in the following table: 








































During both Fiscal 2016 and Fiscal 2015
 the Company&#146;s debt was subject to LIBOR loan margins. At
December&nbsp;31
 2016
 the interest rate for the 2016 First Lien Term Loan was 4.00%. At January&nbsp;2
 2016
 the interest rate for borrowings on the 2012 First Lien Term Loan was 5.75% and for the 2012 Second Lien Term Loan it was 9.50%. 

except for accounts receivable
 inventory and cash and cash equivalents
 which together serve as first-priority collateral for the ABL Facility
 on which the 2016 First Lien Term Loan maintains a second-priority interest. The 2016 First Lien Term
 covenants
 which include limitations on the Company&#146;s ability to incur additional indebtedness
 issue preferred stock
 pay dividends
 make distributions on
its capital stock
 repurchase its capital stock
 make certain investments
 create liens on its assets
 enter into transactions with affiliates
 transfer and sell assets
 merge
 consolidate or sell all or substantially all of its assets.&nbsp;Such
covenants also create restrictions on dividends and certain payments by its restricted subsidiaries. At December&nbsp;31
 2016
 the Company was in compliance with all such covenants. The 2016 First Lien Term Loan agreement also includes financial
maintenance covenants that only apply under certain conditions. The 2016 First Lien Term Loan agreement also requires mandatory annual prepayment of certain excess cash flow
 as applicable. No excess cash flow prepayment is required with respect to
The 2012 First Lien Term Loan agreement also required a mandatory prepayment of certain excess cash flow. In the second
quarter of Fiscal 2016
 the Company made a mandatory prepayment related to an excess cash flow of approximately $13
407 that related to Fiscal 2015. However
 certain debt holders exercised their option to reject the prepayment and
 therefore
 $2
815
of the prepayment was returned to the Company. 
 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 

000 and such maximum
borrowing&nbsp;limit is further subject to a borrowing base limitation that is derived from applying defined calculations to inventory and accounts receivable balances.&nbsp;The ABL Facility agreement includes certain
 covenants
 as well as certain financial maintenance covenants that only apply under certain conditions. Availability under the ABL Facility was as follows: 















December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;2


























































The Senior Unsecured Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture
 dated December&nbsp;7
 2016 (the
&#147;Indenture&#148;)
 at an issue price of 100% of the principal amount of the Notes
 in a private placement to &#147;qualified institutional buyers&#148; as defined in Rule&nbsp;144A under the Securities Act of 1933


 2024 and bear interest at a rate of 5.50% per annum
 payable semi-annually on June&nbsp;15 and
December&nbsp;15 of each year
 commencing on June&nbsp;15
 2017. The Senior Unsecured Notes are guaranteed
 jointly and severally
 by all of the Company&#146;s subsidiaries. 

087 were incurred in connection with the issuance of the Senior Unsecured Notes. Such fees were capitalized and are being
amortized over the term of the Senior Unsecured Notes. The effective interest rate for the Senior Unsecured Notes was approximately 5.63% at December&nbsp;7
 2016. 

 in whole or in part as follows: 







 2019 at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount
 plus applicable accrued and unpaid interest
 if any
 plus an Applicable Premium
 as described in the Indenture and
as summarized below; and 






 2019
 at a redemption price equal to the following percentages of the principal amount
 plus applicable accrued and unpaid interest
 if any: 









Year ending December&nbsp;14








































 if any
 of (a)&nbsp;the present value at such redemption date of (i)&nbsp;the redemption price at December&nbsp;15
 2019 (see redemption prices above) plus (ii)&nbsp;all required interest payments due
through December&nbsp;15
 2019 (excluding accrued but unpaid interest to the redemption date)
 computed using a discount rate equal to the treasury rate plus 50 basis points; over (b)&nbsp;the then outstanding principal amount. 

 2019
 the Company may also redeem up to 40% of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Unsecured
Notes with the proceeds from certain equity offerings at a redemption 
 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 

price equal to 105.50% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes
 plus applicable accrued and unpaid interest
 if any. Upon the occurrence of certain change of control transactions
 the
Company will be required to offer to repurchase the Notes at 101% of the principal amount
 plus applicable accrued and unpaid interest
 if any. 

 among other things
 restrict the ability of the Company and its restricted subsidiaries to incur or
guarantee additional indebtedness or issue disqualified stock or preferred stock; pay dividends and make other restricted payments; incur restrictions on the payment of dividends or other distributions from restricted subsidiaries&nbsp;that are not
guarantors; create or incur certain liens; make certain investments; transfer or sell assets; engage in transactions with affiliates; and merge or consolidate with other companies or transfer all or substantially all of its assets. These covenants
The Indenture also provides for customary events of
default
 including failure to pay any principal or interest when due
 failure to comply with covenants and cross acceleration provisions. In the case of an event of default arising from specified events of bankruptcy or insolvency
 all outstanding
amounts of the Senior Unsecured Notes will become due and payable immediately without further action or notice. If any other event of default under the Indenture occurs or is continuing
 the trustee or holders of at least 30% in aggregate principal
amount of the then outstanding Senior Unsecured Notes may declare all of the Senior Unsecured Notes to be immediately due and payable. 

 2016: 

























095













095



Less: amounts representing interest resulting from amortization of original issue
discount
















090















































































































































































































































 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 

income tax provision based on applying the federal statutory rate to the Company&#146;s pretax income: 














































































































































Merger
 acquisition and 
























































































































































































































Prior to July&nbsp;20
 2016
 the Company&#146;s restricted stock awards were accounted for as liability
awards. Accordingly
 fair value. However
 as
discussed in Note 16
 the liability award was converted to an equity award as of July&nbsp;20
 2016. Accordingly
 Prior to July&nbsp;20
2016
 stock-based compensation expense created a permanent book/tax difference because employee elections under Section&nbsp;83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code established the basis for the Company&#146;s income tax deduction for employee
compensation as of the grant dates
 whereas the Company&#146;s recognition of compensation expense under the liability method of accounting (see Note&nbsp;16) was affected by increases in restricted stock values subsequent to the grant dates. 
 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 

Company&#146;s deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows: 














December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016


January&nbsp;2
&nbsp;2016



















































































































































































Basis difference in property
 plant and equipment























































































At December&nbsp;31
 2016
 the Company had net operating losses (&#147;NOL&#148;) carryforwards of $120
498
and $85
427 for federal and state purposes
 respectively
 which expire during the following years (as revised): 
































































In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets
 management considers whether it is more likely than not
that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become
deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities and projected future taxable income in making this assessment. At each reporting date
 the Company considers both negative and positive evidence that impacts the
assessment of the realization of deferred tax assets. The Company historically maintained a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets because the existing negative evidence outweighed the positive evidence such that it was not more
likely than not that the deferred tax assets were realizable.&nbsp;Principal among the negative evidence has been the sustained history of cumulative tax losses
 in part related to fluctuations in commodity costs and the Company&#146;s high degree
 income in Fiscal 2015
 the Company continued to provide for a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets through January&nbsp;2
2016 because the Company reported significant 
 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 

 the Company continued the trend of realizing
 income that began in the first quarter of Fiscal 2015 and its cumulative income in the recent past became positive.&nbsp;In addition


 the Company was able to refinance its debt during Fiscal 2016 on more favorable terms
 which has and will result in significant annual savings.&nbsp;The Company also considered
forecasts of future taxable income and evaluated the utilization of tax attributes prior to their expiration.&nbsp;After considering these factors
 the Company determined that the positive evidence outweighed the negative evidence and concluded
during Fiscal 2016
 that it was more likely than not that its deferred tax assets were realizable.&nbsp;As a result
 the Company made the determination to release the full valuation allowance of $109
690 in Fiscal 2016. 






































































































































Of the deductions recorded during Fiscal 2015
 $890 was recorded in OCI. Of the additions recorded during
Fiscal 2014
Net deferred tax assets and income tax expense can be significantly affected by changes in tax
laws and rates and by unexpected adverse events that could impact management&#146;s conclusions as to the ultimate realizability of deferred tax assets. 

 2016
 the
Management
believes that substantially all tax positions taken and expected to be taken and reflected in the consolidated financial statements at December&nbsp;31
 2016 and January&nbsp;2
 2016 are more likely than not to be sustained
 based upon the technical
merits
 upon examination. As a result
 no material amounts were recorded to reverse the impact of tax benefits as of December&nbsp;31
 2016 and January&nbsp;2
 2016. 
Concurrent
with the restricted stock awards discussed in Note 16
 employees and other recipients made elections under section 83(b)&nbsp;of the Internal Revenue Code (the &#147;83(b)&nbsp;elections&#148;)
 which triggered immediate recognition of compensation
for federal income tax purposes.&nbsp;To assist the recipients with the tax liability arising from the 83(b)&nbsp;elections
 the Company provided loans to these employees
 evidenced by promissory notes (the &#147;Stockholder Notes&#148;)
 for
amounts that approximate each recipient&#146;s tax liability under the 83(b)&nbsp;elections.&nbsp;The Stockholder Notes are secured by the shares issued to the respective recipients under the Company&#146;s 2009 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan which
effective August&nbsp;18
 2016
 was renamed the AdvancePierre Foods Holdings
&nbsp;Inc. 2009 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the &#147;Equity Incentive Plan&#148;) or any other equity incentive plan.&nbsp;In addition
 the Stockholder Notes have
 applicable federal rate in effect at the issue date.&nbsp;As of December&nbsp;31

 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 

2016 and January&nbsp;2
 2016
 the interest rates on the Stockholder Notes ranged between 0.95% and 2.04%.&nbsp;Balances outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2016 and January&nbsp;2
 2016 (which
represent principal and related accrued interest) were $902 and $3
884
 respectively
 and are presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as deductions from stockholders&#146; equity.&nbsp;Interest on such Stockholder Notes
 which are included in
related party interest in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
 were nominal for the periods presented. During Fiscal 2016
 prior to the IPO
 all Stockholder Notes due from the executive officers were repaid and/or
retired.&nbsp;Accordingly
 Stockholder Notes at December&nbsp;31
 2016 represent amounts due from other employees. 

 plant and equipment some of which are classified as capital leases. The capital leases have original terms
ranging from one to six years and the carrying amounts of assets covered under these leases were approximately $276 and $861 as of December&nbsp;31
 2016 and January&nbsp;2
 2016
 respectively. 

 machinery
 equipment and real estate classified as operating leases with terms that are effective
for varying periods through fiscal year 2025. Certain of these leases have remaining renewal clauses
 exercisable at the Company&#146;s option. 

 2016
 the Company had minimum rental payments required under 
operating and capital leases as follows:




























































































































































































































































































 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 

 the Company entered into an agreement to sell and lease back from the purchaser a
distribution center for a minimum period of twenty years. The Company or a successor lessee may be required to provide certain financial assurances that could be deemed to be collateral for the sale-leaseback transaction
 and therefore
 the
transaction does not qualify as a sale. Accordingly
 the real estate and related building and equipment remain on the Company&#146;s books and the proceeds from the sale are being accounted for as a long-term liability
 except for the current
portion of $671
 which is included in accrued liabilities. The lease agreement does not have a stated interest rate; the implicit interest rate is 7.12% over the term of the agreement. Future payments under the agreement related to this lease are as
follows as of December&nbsp;31
 2016: 





























































































During Fiscal 2014
 the Company entered into an operating lease for additional office space in Cincinnati
 OH.
&#148; (&#147;ASC&nbsp;840&#148;)
 the rent expense is being recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term with corresponding
entries to deferred rent. At December&nbsp;31
 2016 and January&nbsp;2
 2016
 deferred rent related to this lease was $316 and $342
14.
As discussed in Note 4
 the Company acquired Landshire and Better Bakery during Fiscal 2015. A component
of the purchase price for Landshire related to contingent consideration for earn out payments based on achieving minimum annual volume targets. At December&nbsp;31
 2016 and January&nbsp;2
 2016
 respectively
 the fair value of the liability for the
earn out payments was $9
875 and $19
628 respectively
 of which $6
621 and $9
956
 respectively
 were included in other accrued liabilities; the remainder of these amounts were included in other long-term liabilities as the contract will be settled
by March&nbsp;15
As part of the acquisition of Better Bakery
 the Company assumed an onerous broker contract. At December&nbsp;31
2016 and January&nbsp;2
 2016
 the liability for this contract was $4
198 and $6
821
 respectively. The entire balance at December&nbsp;31
 2016 was included in other accrued liabilities as the contract expires in Fiscal 2017.&nbsp;At
January&nbsp;2
 2016
 the entire amount was included in other long-term liabilities.&nbsp;During Fiscal 2016
 payments made with respect to the earn out agreement and the onerous broker contract were $10
000 and $1
674
 respectively. 
15. RESTRUCTURING AND OTHER EXPENSE
 NET 

 the Company has initiated a number of restructuring programs
 including initiatives to integrate acquired
businesses
 to improve the efficiency of its manufacturing and distribution network
 to consolidate certain activities and to reorganize its management structure. Expenses related to such initiatives were minimal in Fiscal 2016 as they were
substantially complete during Fiscal 2015. 
 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 
 

 the Company incurred expenses of $1
887
 of which
 $927
related primarily to the reconfiguration of production lines and associated ramp up inefficiencies
 and was charged to gross profit. The remainder of $960
 which was charged to operating income/expense
 represented travel
 meals
 legal and
professional fees
Restructuring expenses charged against gross profit in Fiscal 2015 also
included $1
191 that was related to the reconfiguration of its production lines at its Portland
Fiscal 2013
Certain expenses related to various initiatives undertaken in fiscal year 2013 to improve commercial effectiveness and
reduce operating costs continued into Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014 and
 to a lesser extent
 into Fiscal 2016. Such initiatives included the following: 






 Ohio area facilities along with the closure of an administrative office previously located in Edmond
Oklahoma; 












 logistics and commercial operations. 
































































































































































































































None of the restructuring charges were directly attributable to any of the Company&#146;s reportable segments.

 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 

The balance at January 2
 2016 was reflected in accrued liabilities: 













Balance at December&nbsp;28
 2013













Payments
 net












Balance at January&nbsp;3
 2015












Payments
 net












Balance at January&nbsp;2
 2016











Payments
 net











Balance at December&nbsp;31
 2016










Other expense
 net for Fiscal 2016 consisted primarily of the $9
000 success fee paid to Oaktree
 in
connection with the IPO
 and approximately $5
000 related to certain public filing expenses and certain merger and acquisition expenses. Other expenses
 net for Fiscal 2015 consisted primarily of professional fees associated with merger and
acquisition activity
16. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION AND EMPLOYEE
BENEFITS 

 2009
 the Company&#146;s board of directors adopted the Equity Incentive Plan for the purpose of providing
additional incentives to selected employees
 directors and consultants whose contributions are considered essential to the growth and success of its business. The Equity Incentive Plan provides for the grant of stock options
 share appreciation
rights
 restricted stock
 RSUs
 deferred shares
 performance shares
 unrestricted shares
 other share-based awards or any combination of the foregoing. Awards under the Equity Incentive Plan
 as amended on July&nbsp;20
 2016 and August&nbsp;18
2016
 are limited to 16
562
730&nbsp;shares of the Company&#146;s common stock
 subject to adjustment as provided for in the Equity Incentive Plan document. The Equity Incentive Plan provides for board of directors&#146; discretion in determining
vesting periods
 contractual lives and stock option exercise prices for each award issuance under the Equity Incentive Plan. The amendment on July&nbsp;20
 2016 provided for the increase in the maximum grants allowed to 16
562
730 shares
 and the
amendment on August&nbsp;18
 2016 effected the name change to the Equity Incentive Plan that is disclosed in Note 12. 

 2016
 the only awards issued under the Equity Incentive Plan were restricted stock
 and
 pursuant to the First Amended
and Restated Stockholders&#146; Agreement by and among the Company and its stockholders and the individual award agreements
 transfers of such awards were&nbsp;restricted. In addition
 prior to July&nbsp;20
 2016
 such restricted stock provided the
Company with the right
 but not the obligation to repurchase all or any portion of the vested equity interests in the event that the awardee&#146;s employment was terminated for any reason. The purchase price that the Company paid for the restricted
stock was based on a valuation made in good faith by its board of directors.&nbsp;Since the Company had previously exercised this right in every instance of employment termination
 the awardees did not bear the risks and rewards of ownership.
Therefore
 the Company 
 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 

determined that liability classification of these awards was appropriate until the point that the shares had been vested for six months
 a sufficient period of time to allow the holder to fully
bear the risks and rewards of ownership. If the employee remained with the Company after the six month period
 the award was reclassified from liabilities to equity. In connection with the IPO
 The First Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement
Under liability classification
 the Company was required to recognize a liability based on the stock award&#146;s fair
value at each reporting date with reference to its vesting schedule.&nbsp;The liability recognized at July&nbsp;2
 2016 and January&nbsp;2
 2016 were based on fair values of $17.65 and $10.24
 respectively. 

 more than 25% of the Company&#146;s common stock was available for trading on The New York Stock Exchange on July&nbsp;20
2016
 thereby resulting in a termination of the call right on that date. Hence
 24 awardees began to bear the risks and rewards of ownership. As a result
 the liability award was converted to an equity award as of July&nbsp;20
 2016
 since the call
right feature was the only condition that prevented it from being classified as an equity award. As of that date
 the fair value of the award was determined to be $23.53
 based on the opening price of the Company&#146;s common stock
 and additional
compensation expense of $6
477 was recognized for the period that spanned the beginning of the third fiscal quarter of 2016 to July&nbsp;20
 2016. This additional compensation expense is included in stock-based compensation expense. On the same
date
 the amount of $35
312 was transferred from liabilities to equity. While the award was a liability award
 pursuant to ASC 718
 the fair value of the award at each
reporting date and record additional compensation with reference to the vesting schedule.&nbsp;Fair values were
 at those times
 estimated at the grant dates using estimates of enterprise value
 adjusted by liquidity discounts. The enterprise value
estimates were calculated by applying market benchmark multiples to the most recent quarter&#146;s Adjusted EBITDA for the trailing twelve months period. Annually
 those computations were also compared with the Company&#146;s estimated future
Further
 during the third quarter of 2016
 the dividend provision of the restricted stock award agreement was
modified to provide for the payment of 
 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 

related to awards of restricted stock that were granted under the Equity Incentive Plan. Restricted stock granted under the Equity Incentive Plan generally vests over a three- or four-year period on a graded-vesting basis with equal proportions of
the shares vesting at the annual anniversary date of the grant in each of the three or four years in the vesting period. 

























































































625









247









851








































212









228









060











































































625









247































































913









857









186











212









228









060


































































866









913









857
































Of the unvested restricted stock awards at December&nbsp;31
 2016
 534
966 shares are expected to vest. 

 the Company granted restricted shares with weighted average grant date fair values per share as follows: 





















April&nbsp;2
 2016










July&nbsp;2
 2016










December&nbsp;31
 2016











 included in Selling
 general and administrative expenses
 associated with outstanding restricted stock awards
 including
credits for stock forfeitures
 was $27
704
 $17
198 and $2
744 for Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014
 respectively. As of December&nbsp;31
 2016
 total unrecognized compensation expense was approximately $6
040 related to unvested stock-based
compensation arrangements related to unvested restricted stock awards granted under the Equity Incentive Plan. This cost is expected to be recognized over the weighted average period of 1.39&nbsp;years. 
 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 

 2016)
 the Company repurchased terminated
employees&#146; vested stock with cash of $1
577.&nbsp;Shares repurchased were retired upon purchase.&nbsp;Such purchases in Fiscal 2015 totaled $963 and were also retired upon purchase. In Fiscal 2014
 OCM and another related party
 Maine Street
Holdings
&nbsp;Inc. (&#147;Maine&#148;) purchased terminated employees&#146; vested stock with cash of $449. Such related party purchases were reported as capital contributions and also as redemption of stock in the Company&#146;s Consolidated
Since all the restricted stock awards were reclassified from liabilities to
equity as of July&nbsp;20
 2016
 there was no liability to holders of grants as of December&nbsp;31
 2016. As of January&nbsp;2
 2016
 the Company&#146;s liability to holders of those grants was $17
393.&nbsp;Such liability was classified as current
(part of other accrued liabilities) in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at January&nbsp;2
 2016 since
 at the time
 the employees could have resigned at will or through termination which would have resulted in a call on the stock. 

 the Company was required to recognize the liability based on the stock award&#146;s fair value at
each reporting period with reference to its vesting schedule. The fair value of the restricted stock was $1.01 as of the beginning of Fiscal 2014
 increased to $1.52 at the beginning of Fiscal 2015 and then increased to $10.24 as of January&nbsp;2
2016. As a result
 additional compensation expense was recorded in those years to reflect the increase in fair values and the liability was accordingly adjusted. 
Between
August&nbsp;26
 2016 and December&nbsp;31
 2016
 the Company awarded certain of its employees and nonemployee directors RSUs as well as nonqualified stock options (&#147;stock options&#148;) with the right to acquire shares of its common stock.
These awards vest on a graded-vesting basis over varying periods ranging between two and four years. The awards are subject to service conditions only. Each RSU may be exchanged on the vesting date for one share of the Company&#146;s common stock
 dividend-equivalent payments on vested and unvested RSUs. The contractual term of the stock option award is 10
years. A summary of the Fiscal 2016 awards of RSUs and stock options were as follows: 






























October&nbsp;1
 2016










December&nbsp;31
 2016




















October&nbsp;1
 2016










December&nbsp;31
 2016










 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 

period on a graded-vesting basis based on their grant-date fair values. The grant date fair values of the RSUs are based on the closing price of the Company&#146;s common stock on the date of grant. The grant-date fair value of the stock option
awards are determined using the Black-Scholes model. Weighted average inputs to the Black-Scholes model were as follows: 











































For awards for which the expected term was not known
 the Company used 6 years
 which was determined using the
simplified method specified in SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 14 because the Company has no exercise history on which to base estimates of future exercise behavior. The expected volatility of 23.8% was calculated by taking the average
historical volatility of a group of peer companies over a six year period. Expected volatility based on peer group volatility was used instead of volatility based on the Company&#146;s historical stock price because there was insufficient trading
 issues with a remaining term equal to the expected term. The dividend
yield was based on expected dividend payments. 



























































































































































































As of December&nbsp;31
 2016
 unrecognized compensation expense related to the RSUs was $18
212 which is
expected to be recognized over the weighted average period of 1.8&nbsp;years and does not reflect the Company&#146;s estimate of potential forfeitures. Compensation expense recognized with respect to the RSUs in Fiscal 2016 was $2
932. 
 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 

 2016
 none of the stock options vested
 none
were exercised and none expired. Additional information relating to the stock option awards follows: 









































































































































































 intrinsic value
 based on the closing price of the Company&#146;s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on December&nbsp;31
 2016 and is the
amount the option holders would have received had all option holders exercised their options on December&nbsp;31
As
of December&nbsp;31
 2016
 unrecognized compensation expense related to the stock option awards was $1
992
 which is expected to be recognized over the weighted average period of 1.2 years and does not reflect the Company&#146;s estimate of
At December&nbsp;31
2016
 a total of 5
015
293 shares remained available for grant under the Equity Incentive Plan. 

 which provides for an employer match. For Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal
2014
 the Company match was 100% of the first 3% of its employees&#146; salaries
 and 50% of the next 2%. The Company&#146;s contributions expensed under the 401(k) retirement plan were $4
919
 $4
606 and $4
415 for Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 and
Fiscal 2014
The Company also provides employee health insurance benefits through self-insurance group medical plans.
Contributions expensed for the self-insured group medical plans were approximately $24
938
 $22
251 and $18
784 for Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014
 respectively. 


market participants
 i.e.
 an exit price.&nbsp;To estimate an exit price
 a three-level hierarchy is used. The three-level hierarchy for fair value measurements is based on the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability as of
the measurement date.&nbsp;The fair value hierarchy prioritizes the inputs
 which refer broadly to assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or a liability. The hierarchy is as follows: 







 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 






 or other inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 for substantially the
full term of the financial instruments. 






 which in some instances include a
In many cases
 a valuation technique used to measure fair value includes inputs from multiple
levels of the fair value hierarchy.&nbsp;The lowest level of significant input determines the placement of the entire fair value measurement in the hierarchy. 
 financial instruments consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents
(including commercial paper and money market instruments with original maturities of three months or less)
 trade receivables
 trade payables and long-term debt.&nbsp;The estimated fair values of the financial instruments have been determined using
available market information and appropriate valuation techniques.&nbsp;Considerable judgment is required
 however
 to interpret market data to develop the estimates of fair value.&nbsp;Accordingly
 the estimates presented herein are not necessarily
indicative of the amounts that the Company could realize in a current market exchange.&nbsp;The use of different market assumptions and/or estimation methodologies could have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. 

 2016 and January&nbsp;2
 2016
 except for the 2016 First Lien Term Loan
 the Prior Term Loans and the Senior Unsecured
Notes
 financial instruments recorded in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets are considered to approximate fair values due to those instruments being subject to
variable interest rates
Principal
 net of original
issue discount
 of the 2016 First Lien Term Loan at December&nbsp;31
 2016 was $690
293. Principal outstanding under the Senior Unsecured Notes at December&nbsp;31
 2016 was $400
000. Principal
 net of original issue discount
 of the 2012 First Lien
Term Loan and the 2012 Second Lien Term Loan at January&nbsp;2
 2016 was $894
851 and $372
334
As discussed in Note 4
 the
Company recorded a liability of $19
293 when it acquired Landshire
 which represented the fair value of a contingent consideration related to volume earn out.&nbsp;Other than the accretion of the liability due to the passage of time
 there has been
The following table
summarizes the fair values of the Company&#146;s term Loans and the contingent consideration: 






















December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016


January&nbsp;2
&nbsp;2016


































































































































 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 

to in the table above: 













Balance at January&nbsp;2
 2016












Payments
 net












Balance at December&nbsp;31
 2016











The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial
instrument: 






 based on the observable trading value of these instruments; 







payment dates
 actual volume performance
 management&#146;s forecasted volume performance
 risk-free interest rates plus a credit risk premium rate
 historic asset volatility of comparable companies and management&#146;s assessment of the
probability of achieving the earn out targets. 

 2016
 Oaktree provided certain management
 advisory and consulting services to the Company pursuant to a Management
Services Agreement that became effective on September&nbsp;30
 2010. Oaktree is the management company for OCM.&nbsp;Maine also provided certain management
 advisory and consulting services to the Company pursuant to a Management Services Agreement
that became effective on September&nbsp;30
 2010
 but the agreement with Maine was terminated on September&nbsp;30
 2015.&nbsp;Maine is controlled by certain minority owners of the Company.&nbsp;In consideration for the services provided
 the
Company was required to pay a quarterly management fee of $750
 in advance
 to both Oaktree and Maine.&nbsp;The Company was also required to reimburse Oaktree and Maine for certain
 expenses incurred with respect to the performance of services.&nbsp;With respect to the agreement with Oaktree
 the Company recorded expenses of $5
214
$11
566 and $13
111
 in Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014
 respectively
 expenses. Similar expenses recorded for Maine in Fiscal 2015
and Fiscal 2014
 were $2
250 and $3
000
 respectively. Such expenses are included in Selling
 general and administrative expenses.&nbsp;The Company also paid Oaktree an aggregate success fee of $9
000 on July&nbsp;20
 2016 pursuant to the Management
Services Agreement which required payment in an amount equal to three times the annual management fee in the event of consummation of an IPO of the Company&#146;s equity securities or equity interests or a sale of all or substantially all of the
Company&#146;s assets.&nbsp;The Management Services Agreement with Oaktree was terminated effective July&nbsp;20
 2016 in connection with the IPO. 

 on July&nbsp;20
 2016
 the Company entered into a TRA with its 
stockholders
 including affiliates of Oaktree
 Maine
 the Company&#146;s management team and its board members. Substantially all of the liabilities due under the TRA is considered to be due from related parties
 and is therefore disclosed as
primarily due from related parties in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December&nbsp;31
As discussed in Note 10
on December&nbsp;7
 2016
 the Company issued the Senior Unsecured Notes. Amounts due to Oaktree and its affiliates are disclosed as related party amounts in the accompanying Consolidated 
 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 

Balance Sheet as of December&nbsp;31
 2016. Interest expense recorded in Fiscal 2016 and accrued at December&nbsp;31
 2016 with respect to the Senior Unsecured Notes held by Oaktree and its
At December&nbsp;31
 2016
 Oaktree and its affiliates held $26
320 of the carrying value of the 2016 First Lien Term
Loan. At January&nbsp;2
 2016
 Oaktree and its affiliates held $31
495 of the carrying value of the 2012 Second Lien Term Loan.&nbsp;Interest accrued and not paid to Oaktree and its affiliates was $6 and $692 as of December&nbsp;31
 2016 and
January&nbsp;2
 2016
 respectively
 and is included in accrued interest in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.&nbsp;Interest expense recorded with respect to such related party debt was $2
407 for Fiscal 2016. Interest expense on debt held
by Oaktree and its affiliates in Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014 was $3
074 and $3
133
Written procedures adopted by the
Company and its Audit Committee currently restrict and govern related party transactions.&nbsp;Pursuant to those procedures
 related party transactions require review by the Company&#146;s general counsel
 and certain related party transactions
19. EARNINGS (LOSS) PER
For Fiscal 2016
 the Company computed earnings per share using the
 method
 in which there was an allocation of its earnings between holders of its common stock and holders of its participating securities. The Company applied this method in Fiscal 2016 since during
the third quarter of Fiscal 2016
 rights to dividends and dividend-equivalents
 respectively
 and hence became
participating holders of its common stock for purposes of computing basic earnings per share (see Note 16). Basic earnings per share for all periods presented were calculated based on the weighted average number of outstanding shares of common stock
for the period.&nbsp;Diluted earnings per share was calculated consistent with the basic earnings per share calculation plus the effect of dilutive unissued shares of common stock related to stock options
 restricted stock and RSUs
 as applicable
to the extent that they were considered dilutive. The table below details the computation of the Company&#146;s basic and diluted EPS: 






















































































































































101





350





209


















































102





181





209



























































Antidilutive awards excluded from the computation of diluted EPS (incremental
shares):











































 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 

 the Company applied the 
method of computing earnings per share
 which is an earnings allocation formula that determines earnings per share for common stock and participating securities according to dividends distributed and participation rights in undistributed earnings.
For diluted earnings per share
 it requires dilutive earnings per share to be computed using two methods
 and the most dilutive method selected. The incremental shares shown in the table above were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings
per share because the treasury stock method was determined to be less dilutive. 

 Retail
 Convenience and Industrial. 

national and regional distributors with whom the Company has long-standing and collaborative relationships.&nbsp;The Company also supplies 95 of the largest 100 school districts in the U.S.
 working closely with schools to develop nutritious meal
 sandwiches (such as breakfast sandwiches and PB&amp;J
sandwiches)
 sandwich components (such as Philly steaks and flame-grilled hamburger patties)
 and other entr&eacute;es and snacks (such as country-fried steak
 stuffed entr&eacute;es and chicken tenders). 

 major warehouse club stores
 mass retailers and dollar stores. The Company
 sandwiches (such as grilled chicken sandwiches and stuffed pockets)
 sandwich components (such as chicken patties and
Customers in the Company&#146;s Convenience segment
include national and regional convenience chains and vending providers. In the Convenience segment
 sandwiches (such as
breakfast sandwiches and burgers)
 sandwich components (such as chicken patties) and other entr&eacute;es and snacks (such as cinnamon dough bites). 



decision maker (&#147;CODM&#148;) and is based on net sales and operating income. Unallocated corporate income (expenses) primarily relate to executive management
 finance and legal functions and refinancing related charges. 
 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 

segment: 































































































































568





611





577

















































































































Unallocated&nbsp;corporate&nbsp;expenses
&nbsp;net




























































The Company manages assets on a total company basis
 not by operating segment.&nbsp;Its CODM does not
regularly review any asset information by operating segment and
 accordingly
 the Company does not report asset information by operating segment.&nbsp;Total assets were approximately $1
247
011 and $1
096
159 at December&nbsp;31
 2016 and
January&nbsp;2
 2016
 respectively. 















































































































568





611





577































 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 
 

 2016 was
impacted by the valuation allowance released in Fiscal 2016
 $56
496 of which was released during the quarter - see Note&nbsp;11): 



























April&nbsp;2



July&nbsp;2



October&nbsp;1



December&nbsp;31



























































































































025





836





878





664

























880





837





878





667































April&nbsp;4



July&nbsp;4



October&nbsp;3



January&nbsp;2



























































































































145





269





334





653

























258





617





847





557


22. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
 CONTINGENCIES AND RISKS 

 many of which are outside the Company&#146;s
control
 including raw material
 energy and fuel costs
 interest rates and general economic conditions. Commodity-based raw materials
 including beef
 chicken and pork
 flour
 seasonings
 soy
 and corrugate represent a significant portion of the
Company&#146;s total annual expenditures. Unexpected or sustained increases in commodity prices underlying the Company&#146;s primary raw materials could materially increase the Company&#146;s cost of operations. Management continually monitors
changes in the operating environment and takes action to mitigate the impact of adverse changes
 including the implementation of price increases
 productivity and cost savings programs and deferral or elimination of discretionary spend. 

 the Company is subject to various claims and contingencies arising in the
normal course of business
 including
 but not limited to
 governmental investigations and proceedings
 product liability as well as matters related to employees
 safety
 health
 antitrust laws
 taxes
 commercial activities and the environment. In
particular
 the Company is subject to extensive 
 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 

federal
 state
 and local regulations
 and its food processing facilities and food products are subject to frequent inspection
 audits and inquiries by the USDA
 the FDA
 and various local health
and agricultural agencies. The Company is also subject to federal
 state
 and local agencies responsible for the enforcement of environmental
 labor
 and other laws and regulations. In addition
 the Company is involved in various legal actions
Any litigation-related matters are subject to uncertainties and the outcomes are generally not
predictable. Consequently
 an estimate of the possible loss or range of loss associated with these actions cannot be made. Certain litigation matters could be decided unfavorably against the Company and could have a material adverse effect on its
Claims
 including product and general liability
 workers&#146; compensation
 auto
liability and employment related matters have deductibles and self-insured retentions in the US ranging from zero to $2
000 per occurrence or per claim
 depending on type of coverage and policy period.&nbsp;For international claims
 deductibles and
self-insured retentions are lower.&nbsp;The Company is also generally self-insured up to certain stop-loss limits for certain employee health benefits
 including medical
 drug and dental.&nbsp;Estimated reserves are based upon a number of factors
including known claims
 estimated incurred but not reported claims using third-party actuarial data
 which is based on historical information as well as certain assumptions about future events. Estimated reserves are included in accrued liabilities
The Company evaluates contingencies based on the best available
information and believes it has recorded appropriate liabilities to the extent necessary in cases where the outcome of such liabilities is considered probable and reasonably estimable. The Company also believes that its assessment of contingencies
is reasonable. To the extent that resolution of contingencies results in amounts that vary from managements&#146; estimates
 future earnings will be charged or credited accordingly. 


























December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;2



January&nbsp;3








































































































































of deferred loan fees and original issue discount related to debt extinguishments








































 



ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 

(In thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 

























December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;2



January&nbsp;3




























Interest
 net
















Income taxes
 net










































































































 2017
 the Company completed a secondary public offering in which certain funds managed by Oaktree and certain members of
management sold 14
375
000 shares of common stock at a price of $27.00 per share
 including 1
875
000 shares purchased by the underwriters who fully exercised their option to purchase such shares. The Company received no proceeds from such offering
but incurred fees of $850 ($508 in Fiscal 2016 and $342 in Fiscal 2017). Proceeds of $373
570
 net of underwriting fees
 were received by the selling stockholders. As a result of such secondary offering
 the Company ceased being a &#147;controlled
company&#148; within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of the New York Stock Exchange. 
 



 
ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
 INC. 

For the Fiscal Years Ended December&nbsp;31
 2016
 January&nbsp;2
 2016 and January&nbsp;3
 2015 
DESCRIPTION

































































December&nbsp;31
 2016

























January&nbsp;2
 2016

























January&nbsp;3
 2015





























 expired and discontinued product and write-offs 













 
SUBSIDIARIES OF ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
&nbsp;INC. 










Pierre Holdco
&nbsp;Inc.



AdvancePierre Foods
&nbsp;Inc.



Barber Foods
&nbsp;LLC



Clovervale Farms
&nbsp;LLC



APF Legacy Subs
&nbsp;LLC



Chefs Pantry
&nbsp;LLC



Advance Food Company
&nbsp;LLC



Allied Specialty Foods
 Inc.
















 



 Inc. of our report dated March&nbsp;9
 2017



March&nbsp;9
 2017 













 
Certification of Chief
I
 John N. Simons Jr
 certify that: 
 of AdvancePierre Foods Holdings
&nbsp;Inc.
2. Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 

(as defined in Exchange Act 

 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to
ensure that material information relating to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&#146;s internal control over
5. The Registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting
 to the Registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant&#146;s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
b)
any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 

 2017 























 
Certification of Chief
I
 Michael B. Sims
 certify that: 
 of AdvancePierre Foods Holdings
&nbsp;Inc.
2. Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 

(as defined in Exchange Act 

 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to
ensure that material information relating to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

Registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&#146;s internal control over
5. The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting
 to the Registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant&#146;s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
b)
any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 

 2017 
































 
Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 of AdvancePierre Foods Holdings
&nbsp;Inc.
(the &#147;Corporation&#148;) for the period ending December&nbsp;31
 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#147;Report&#148;)
&nbsp;I
 John&nbsp;N.&nbsp;Simons
&nbsp;Jr.
 Chief Executive Officer of the
Corporation
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that: 











 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. 










March&nbsp;9
 2017 
A signed original of this written statement required by Section&nbsp;906 has been provided to AdvancePierre Foods Holdings
&nbsp;Inc. and
will be retained by AdvancePierre Foods Holdings
&nbsp;Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 













 
Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 of AdvancePierre Foods Holdings
&nbsp;Inc.
(the &#147;Corporation&#148;) for the period ending December&nbsp;31
 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#147;Report&#148;)
&nbsp;I
 Michael&nbsp;B.&nbsp;Sims
 Chief Financial Officer of the
Corporation
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that: 










 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. 










 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
March&nbsp;9
 2017 
A signed original of this written statement required by Section&nbsp;906 has been provided to AdvancePierre Foods Holdings
&nbsp;Inc. and
will be retained by AdvancePierre Foods Holdings
&nbsp;Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 



















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;Other intangible assets
 include recipes
 customer relationships
&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-compete&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;agreements
 licensing
 agreements
 water and sewer usage permits and certain trade names
 and trademarks.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company tests recorded goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible
 assets for impairment at least annually. The Company&amp;#x2019;s policy
 is to perform the annual evaluation as of the end of the third
 quarter. Such tests are performed more frequently if events or
 changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not
 be recoverable. Indicators of impairment are reviewed on a
 quarterly basis to determine if an impairment test is required. In
 its goodwill impairment test
 the Company utilizes a&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;two-step&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;process. In the first step
 the fair value of the reporting unit is compared to its carrying
 value. If such fair value exceeds the carrying value
 the second
 step is not required. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit
 exceeds its fair value
 the second step is performed to determine
 the amount
 if any
 of impairment loss. In the second step
 the
 implied fair value of the goodwill is compared with its carrying
 amount
 and an impairment loss is recognized for the excess
 if the
 carrying amount of the goodwill exceeds its fair value. Annual
 goodwill impairment tests performed as of October&amp;#xA0;1
 2016
 October&amp;#xA0;3
 2015 and September&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 resulted in no
 impairment charges.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Indefinite-lived intangible assets other than goodwill are
 evaluated for impairment annually
 or more frequently
 when events
 or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may
 not be recoverable. If the carrying amount of the intangible asset
 exceeds its fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an
 amount equal to that excess. The fair values of trademarks and
 trade names are determined using a royalty rate method based on
 expected revenues by trademark or trade name. For Fiscal 2016
 the
 Company elected to perform a step zero evaluation of its
 indefinite-lived intangible assets
 which is a qualitative
 assessment. Factors considered by the Company in the qualitative
 assessment included financial performance as well as the result of
 the previous quantitative assessment performed in Fiscal 2014 in
 which the fair value of its indefinite-lived intangible assets
 exceeded its carrying amount by over 300%. The Company&amp;#x2019;s
 annual evaluations of indefinite-lived intangible assets revealed
 no impairment charges in Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 or Fiscal 2014.
 The Company also evaluated the useful lives of its indefinite-lived
 intangible assets and concluded that they continued to be
 appropriate.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014
 there were no
 indicators of impairment between the dates of the annual tests and
 the respective fiscal year-ends.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Intangible assets with finite lives are reviewed for impairment if
 changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not
 be recoverable. There were no indicators of impairment in Fiscal
 2016
 Fiscal 2015 or Fiscal 2014. Accordingly
 no impairment was
 recorded for those years. Intangible assets with finite lives are
 amortized over the estimated useful lives of such assets using
 either a method that is based on estimated future cash flows or on
 the straight-line basis.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;10. FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Credit facilities&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On June&amp;#xA0;2
 2016
 the Company entered into a new first lien
 term loan in the aggregate amount of $1
300
000
 which matures on
 June&amp;#xA0;2
 2023 (the &amp;#x201C;2016 First Lien Term Loan&amp;#x201D;) and
 an amendment to its asset-based revolving credit facility (the
 &amp;#x201C;ABL Facility&amp;#x201D;) to extend its maturity date to
 June&amp;#xA0;2
 2021. The net proceeds from the 2016 First Lien Term
 Loan of $1
293
500 (which was net of original issue discount of
 $6
500)
 were used to repay the amounts outstanding under the 2012
 issuance of a $925
000 first lien term loan (the &amp;#x201C;2012 First
 Lien Term Loan&amp;#x201D;) and the 2012 issuance of a $375
000 second
 lien term loan (the &amp;#x201C;2012 Second Lien Term Loan&amp;#x201D;)
 (collectively
 the &amp;#x201C; Prior Term Loans&amp;#x201D;)
 pay related
 accrued interest of $11
990
 pay a prepayment penalty of $3
735 and
 pay debt issuance costs of $15
449.&amp;#xA0;Proceeds of $3
619 were
 retained for working capital and other purposes.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On July&amp;#xA0;21
 2016
 using proceeds from the sale of its common
 stock in the IPO
 the Company voluntarily repaid $205
000 of the
 2016 First Lien Term Loan. The Company applied the voluntary
 repayment to all the scheduled payments that would have fallen due
 prior to the maturity of the 2016 First Lien Term Loan and also to
 a portion of the single payment due June&amp;#xA0;2
 2023.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On December&amp;#xA0;7
 2016
 the Company issued $400
000 in aggregate
 principal amount of 5.50% Senior Unsecured Notes due 2024 (the
 &amp;#x201C;Senior Unsecured Notes&amp;#x201D;)
 and used the net proceeds of
 $395
931 together with cash on hand
 to voluntarily repay $400
000
 of outstanding borrowings under its 2016 First Lien Term Loan.
 Concurrently
 the Company completed a repricing amendment that
 resulted in a 75 basis point decrease in interest rates for the
 2016 First Lien Term Loan. As a result of these repayments
 at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 the only required future payment under the
 2016 First Lien Term Loan is a single payment of $695
000 due on
 its maturity date of June&amp;#xA0;2
 2023.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s debt consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016 First Lien Term Loan
 with floating interest rates
 maturing
 June&amp;#xA0;2
 2023
 net of original issue discount of $4
526&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;663
720&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016 First Lien Term Loan
 held by related party
 net of original
 issue discount of $181&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
573&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Senior Unsecured Notes (including related party principal of
 $40
000)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;400
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2012 First Lien Term Loan
 net of original issue discount of
 $2
399&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;894
851&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2012 Second Lien Term Loan
 net of original issue discount of
 $2
438&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;340
562&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2012 Second Lien Term Loan
 held by related party
 net of original
 issue discount of $228&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;31
772&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Debt issuance costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11
638&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11
071&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Capitalized lease obligations maturing through Fiscal 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;276&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;861&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Insurance premium financing&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
583&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
078
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
258
558&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less: current maturities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(274&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(24
721&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
078
657&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
233
837&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 As a result of the Fiscal 2016 financing transactions discussed
 above
 deferred loan fees
 original issue discount and new third
 party fees were assessed and accounted for pursuant to
 ASC&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;470-50&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;In connection with the issuance of
 the 2016 First Lien Term Loan and repayment of the Prior Term Loans
 on June&amp;#xA0;2
 2016
 the Company recognized $825 and $1
336 in
 expense related to the write off of original issue discount and a
 portion of the unamortized deferred financing fees
 respectively
 associated with the Prior Term Loans. Of the $15
449 debt issuance
 costs incurred in connection with these transactions
 $11
896 were
 expensed and $3
553 were capitalized. Fees capitalized of $2
896
 related to the 2016 First Lien Term Loan are recognized in
 &amp;#x201C;Long-term debt
 net of current maturities&amp;#x201D; and $657
 related to the ABL Facility are recognized in &amp;#x201C;Other
 assets.&amp;#x201D;&amp;#xA0;After considering the impact of the
 amortization of original issue discount and deferred financing
 fees
 the effective interest rate for the 2016 First Lien Term Loan
 was approximately 5.03% at the issue date.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;In connection with the voluntary
 prepayment of $205
000 that occurred on July&amp;#xA0;21
 2016
 the
 Company wrote off $1
900 and $1
466 in deferred financing fees and
 original issue discount
 respectively
 during the third quarter of
 2016.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;In connection with the repricing
 amendment
 the Company wrote off nominal amounts of deferred
 financing fees and original issue discount. New fees incurred to
 effect the repricing totaled $2
693
 of which $1
949 were expensed
 and $744 were capitalized.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;In connection with the prepayment of
 $400
000 that occurred on December&amp;#xA0;7
 2016
 the Company wrote
 off $2
732 and $3
811 of original issue discount and deferred
 financing fees
 respectively
 during the fourth quarter of
 2016.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Fees capitalized are being amortized over the term of the 2016
 First Lien Term Loan. The effective interest rate for the 2016
 First Lien Term Loan was approximately 4.27% at December&amp;#xA0;7
 2016. Deferred financing fees and original issue discount written
 off as well as new fees expensed are recognized in Refinancing
 charges in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and
 Comprehensive Income.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Interest on borrowings under the 2016 First Lien Term Loan varies
 based on either LIBOR or a bank base rate
 plus a margin as set
 forth in the following table:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Total&amp;#xA0;Net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 52.2pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Leverage&amp;#xA0;Ratio&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;LIBOR&lt;br /&gt;
 Loans&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Bank&amp;#xA0;Base&lt;br /&gt;
 Rate&amp;#xA0;Loans&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less than or equal to 4.00:1.00&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Greater than 4.00:1.00&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 During both Fiscal 2016 and Fiscal 2015
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s debt
 was subject to LIBOR loan margins. At December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 the
 interest rate for the 2016 First Lien Term Loan was 4.00%. At
 January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016
 the interest rate for borrowings on the 2012
 First Lien Term Loan was 5.75% and for the 2012 Second Lien Term
 Loan it was 9.50%.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The 2016 First Lien Term Loan is collateralized by a first-priority
 security interest in substantially all of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 assets
 except for accounts receivable
 inventory and cash and cash
 equivalents
 which together serve as first-priority collateral for
 the ABL Facility
 on which the 2016 First Lien Term Loan maintains
 a second-priority interest. The 2016 First Lien Term Loan agreement
 includes certain&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-financial&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;covenants
 which include
 limitations on the Company&amp;#x2019;s ability to incur additional
 indebtedness
 issue preferred stock
 pay dividends
 make
 distributions on its capital stock
 repurchase its capital stock
 make certain investments
 create liens on its assets
 enter into
 transactions with affiliates
 transfer and sell assets
 merge
 consolidate or sell all or substantially all of its
 assets.&amp;#xA0;Such covenants also create restrictions on dividends
 and certain payments by its restricted subsidiaries. At
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 the Company was in compliance with all such
 covenants. The 2016 First Lien Term Loan agreement also includes
 financial maintenance covenants that only apply under certain
 conditions. The 2016 First Lien Term Loan agreement also requires
 mandatory annual prepayment of certain excess cash flow
 as
 applicable. No excess cash flow prepayment is required with respect
 to Fiscal 2016.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The 2012 First Lien Term Loan agreement also required a mandatory
 prepayment of certain excess cash flow. In the second quarter of
 Fiscal 2016
 the Company made a mandatory prepayment related to an
 excess cash flow of approximately $13
407 that related to Fiscal
 2015. However
 certain debt holders exercised their option to
 reject the prepayment and
 therefore
 $2
815 of the prepayment was
 returned to the Company.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The maximum borrowing limit on the ABL Facility is $175
000 and
 such maximum borrowing&amp;#xA0;limit is further subject to a borrowing
 base limitation that is derived from applying defined calculations
 to inventory and accounts receivable balances.&amp;#xA0;The ABL
 Facility agreement includes certain&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-financial&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;covenants
 as well as certain
 financial maintenance covenants that only apply under certain
 conditions. Availability under the ABL Facility was as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Borrowing base limitation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;125
114&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;130
941&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less: outstanding letters of credit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
469&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
498&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net availability&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;119
645&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;125
443&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Senior Unsecured Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture
 dated December&amp;#xA0;7
 2016 (the &amp;#x201C;Indenture&amp;#x201D;)
 at an
 issue price of 100% of the principal amount of the Notes
 in a
 private placement to &amp;#x201C;qualified institutional buyers&amp;#x201D;
 as defined in Rule&amp;#xA0;144A under the Securities Act of 1933
 and
 outside the US to&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-U.S.&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;persons pursuant to Regulation
 S under the Securities Act. The Notes mature on December&amp;#xA0;15
 2024 and bear interest at a rate of 5.50% per annum
 payable
 semi-annually on June&amp;#xA0;15 and December&amp;#xA0;15 of each year
 commencing on June&amp;#xA0;15
 2017. The Senior Unsecured Notes are
 guaranteed
 jointly and severally
 by all of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 subsidiaries.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Aggregate fees of $5
087 were incurred in connection with the
 issuance of the Senior Unsecured Notes. Such fees were capitalized
 and are being amortized over the term of the Senior Unsecured
 Notes. The effective interest rate for the Senior Unsecured Notes
 was approximately 5.63% at December&amp;#xA0;7
 2016.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company may redeem the Senior Unsecured Notes
 in whole or in
 part as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=4%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;at any time prior to
 December&amp;#xA0;15
 2019 at a redemption price equal to 100% of the
 principal amount
 plus applicable accrued and unpaid interest
 if
 any
 plus an Applicable Premium
 as described in the Indenture and
 as summarized below; and&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=4%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;at any time on or after
 December&amp;#xA0;15
 2019
 at a redemption price equal to the
 following percentages of the principal amount
 plus applicable
 accrued and unpaid interest
 if any:&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=83%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 90.65pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Year ending December&amp;#xA0;14
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Percentage&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;104.125&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;102.750&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2022&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;101.375&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2023 and thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100.000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Applicable Premium is the greater of:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=4%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;A)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;1.0% of the principal amount of such
 Note; and&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=4%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;B)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;the excess
 if any
 of (a)&amp;#xA0;the
 present value at such redemption date of (i)&amp;#xA0;the redemption
 price at December&amp;#xA0;15
 2019 (see redemption prices above) plus
 (ii)&amp;#xA0;all required interest payments due through
 December&amp;#xA0;15
 2019 (excluding accrued but unpaid interest to
 the redemption date)
 computed using a discount rate equal to the
 treasury rate plus 50 basis points; over (b)&amp;#xA0;the then
 outstanding principal amount.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 At any time prior to December&amp;#xA0;15
 2019
 the Company may also
 redeem up to 40% of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior
 Unsecured Notes with the proceeds from certain equity offerings at
 a redemption price equal to 105.50% of the aggregate principal
 amount of the Notes
 plus applicable accrued and unpaid interest
 if any. Upon the occurrence of certain change of control
 transactions
 the Company will be required to offer to repurchase
 the Notes at 101% of the principal amount
 plus applicable accrued
 and unpaid interest
 if any.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Indenture contains covenants that
 among other things
 restrict
 the ability of the Company and its restricted subsidiaries to incur
 or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue disqualified stock or
 preferred stock; pay dividends and make other restricted payments;
 incur restrictions on the payment of dividends or other
 distributions from restricted subsidiaries&amp;#xA0;that are not
 guarantors; create or incur certain liens; make certain
 investments; transfer or sell assets; engage in transactions with
 affiliates; and merge or consolidate with other companies or
 transfer all or substantially all of its assets. These covenants
 are subject to a number of limitations and exceptions as set forth
 in the Indenture.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Indenture also provides for customary events of default
 including failure to pay any principal or interest when due
 failure to comply with covenants and cross acceleration provisions.
 In the case of an event of default arising from specified events of
 bankruptcy or insolvency
 all outstanding amounts of the Senior
 Unsecured Notes will become due and payable immediately without
 further action or notice. If any other event of default under the
 Indenture occurs or is continuing
 the trustee or holders of at
 least 30% in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding
 Senior Unsecured Notes may declare all of the Senior Unsecured
 Notes to be immediately due and payable.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Future maturities of long-term debt were as follows at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fiscal year 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;274&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fiscal year 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
095
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
095
276&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less: amounts representing interest resulting from amortization of
 original issue discount&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
707&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
090
569&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;4. ACQUISITIONS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On October&amp;#xA0;7
 2016
 the Company acquired all of the issued and
 outstanding common stock of Allied Specialty Foods
&amp;#xA0;Inc.
 (&amp;#x201C;Allied&amp;#x201D;) for a purchase price of $62
319 (net of cash
 acquired of $440). The purchase price was funded entirely from cash
 on hand at the time of the acquisition. Allied is a manufacturer of
 raw and cooked beef and chicken Philly steak products. The
 acquisition of Allied provides the Company with additional sandwich
 component production capacity and expands its market position in
 the Philly steak platform by providing entry into fully-cooked
 product offerings
 and expands its geographic reach. The Company
 expects that the acquisition will provide certain cost synergies.
 Allied&amp;#x2019;s customers are primarily in the Foodservice industry
 and are served from a 20
000 square foot manufacturing facility in
 Vineland
 New Jersey that has two cook lines
 three raw slicing
 lines and one breakaway steak line. In June&amp;#xA0;2016
 Allied began
 building a new 70
000 square foot facility with seven raw
 slicing/breakaway lines and four cook lines
 which is expected to
 be completed during the first quarter of 2017.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On January&amp;#xA0;30
 2015
 the Company acquired the wholesale
 business and production assets of Landshire
&amp;#xA0;Inc.
 (&amp;#x201C;Landshire&amp;#x201D;)
 a manufacturer and marketer of sandwich
 products
 and on April&amp;#xA0;24
 2015 acquired the business and
 production assets of Better Bakery
&amp;#xA0;LLC (&amp;#x201C;Better
 Bakery&amp;#x201D;)
 a producer of high quality
 premium stuffed
 sandwiches and other licensed products. The acquisitions brought
 additional premium products to the Company&amp;#x2019;s portfolio that
 complemented and increased its product offerings as well as
 provided the Company with additional capacity for increased
 sandwich and bakery production. The sellers of Landshire entered
 into an agreement with the Company that required the payment to
 them of earn out payments to be paid in cash over three years
 based on certain volume performance. The liability recorded for the
 earn out payments is considered to be a contingent consideration
 since it is contingent on the achievement of certain targets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The purchase prices for the acquisitions were funded by cash
 payments and
 in the case of Landshire
 a liability related to earn
 out payments. Since the Company believed that the minimum volumes
 included in the agreement with the seller of Landshire would be
 achieved or exceeded
 the fair value of the liability recorded was
 based on the net present value of the maximum payment amount
 included in the agreement. Accordingly
 the purchase price for each
 acquisition consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Allied&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Landshire&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Better&lt;br /&gt;
 Bakery&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;62
319&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41
552&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other accrued liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
293&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Purchase price&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;62
319&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60
845&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In connection with the three acquisitions
 the Company performed
 valuations of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities.
 Intangible assets identified in the valuations included (as
 applicable) customer relationships
 trade names and trademarks
 and&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-compete&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;agreements. Fair values were
 derived using Level&amp;#xA0;3 inputs
 as defined by ASC 820. With
 respect to the Allied acquisition
 the purchase price allocation is
 still preliminary. Such assets and liabilities include tangible and
 intangible assets for which fair values were determined using
 pricing models
 discounted cash flow methodologies
 or similar
 techniques
 as well as methods for which the determination of fair
 value required significant management judgment and/or estimates.
 Unobservable inputs were developed based on the best information
 available
 which in some instances included the Company&amp;#x2019;s own
 data. Intangible assets with finite lives relating to the Allied
 acquisition are being amortized over the estimated useful lives of
 such assets using a method that is based on estimated future cash
 flows.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The acquisitions were recorded in accordance with ASC&amp;#xA0;805. The
 net purchase prices were allocated to assets acquired and
 liabilities assumed based on estimated fair values at the date of
 each acquisition. The allocation of the purchase price for the
 three acquisitions were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Allied&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Landshire&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Better&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Bakery&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
184&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
763&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
704&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
821&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
037&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
115&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other intangibles:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;(15-year&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;estimated useful life)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20
800&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
400&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Allied trade name&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;(20-year&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;weighted average life)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Landshire trade names and trademarks&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;(19-year&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;weighted average lives)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Better Bakery trade names and trademarks&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;(17-year&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;weighted average lives)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Non-compete&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;agreements (useful lives of
 between 3 and 5 years)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
110&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;700&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;400&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
685&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
506&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
940&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13
958&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Assumed liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
115&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(561&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
228&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net assets acquired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;62
319&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60
845&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Liabilities assumed as part of the Allied acquisition were
 in
 large part
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities incurred in
 the normal course of business. The assumed liability for Better
 Bakery of $7
228 primarily related to an onerous broker contract
 the amount of which was determined by reference to prevailing
 market brokerage rates for the Company and projected future sales
 under the contract. The goodwill arising from the acquisitions
 consisted largely of the synergies and economies of scale expected
 from combining the acquired businesses and integrating them into
 the Company
 as well as the value attributed to the assembled
 workforce. Except for the goodwill that arose from the Allied
 acquisition
 all goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. Other
 expense
 net for Fiscal 2016 and Fiscal 2015 includes
 acquisition-related legal and professional fees of $284 and $1
125
 respectively
 related to these acquisitions.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following data table presents summarized pro forma results of
 the Company had the Fiscal 2016 acquisition (Allied) occurred on
 January&amp;#xA0;3
 2015 and the Fiscal 2015 acquisitions (Landshire
 and Better Bakery) occurred on December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013
 (unaudited):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
613
992&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
670
846&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;139
397&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;39
343&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Fiscal 2016 pro forma net income includes&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-recurring&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;exit costs of $734. The Fiscal
 2015 pro forma net income includes&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-recurring&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;expenses of $1
879
 of which
 $927 related to manufacturing start up inefficiencies and $952
 related to severance
 professional fees
 travel and contract exit
 costs.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated net sales and net income for
 Fiscal 2016 and Fiscal 2015 included the following amounts for
 Allied (acquired November&amp;#xA0;7
 2016) for Better Bakery (acquired
 April&amp;#xA0;24
 2015) and Landshire (acquired January&amp;#xA0;30
 2015)
 for the periods between the acquisition date and the end of the
 applicable fiscal year:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=59%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Allied&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Landshire&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Better&amp;#xA0;Bakery&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
938&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40
646&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
220&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;368&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
768&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(148&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;8. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Cost and accumulated amortization (as applicable) of Other
 intangible assets consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortizable intangibles:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cost:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Formulas (weighted average life &amp;#x2013; 10 years)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
307&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
307&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trade name and trademarks (weighted average life &amp;#x2013; 13 and
 12&amp;#xA0;years
 respectively)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;119
002&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;106
092&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Non-compete&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;(weighted average life &amp;#x2013;
 4&amp;#xA0;years)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
419&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
309&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships (weighted average life &amp;#x2013; 14 years)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;288
292&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;270
610&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;421
020&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;389
318&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accumulated amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Formulas&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
760&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
784&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trade name and trademarks&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(44
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(36
263&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Non-compete&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
759&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
220&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(154
376&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(133
035&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(208
577&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(177
302&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net book value&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Formulas&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
547&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
523&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trade name and trademarks&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;74
320&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;69
829&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Non-compete&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
660&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
089&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;133
916&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;137
575&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;212
443&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;212
016&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Indefinite-lived intangibles:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trade name and trademarks&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
175&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
175&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Water and sewer usage permits&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
919&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
919&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;242
537&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;242
110&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Amortization expense related to other intangibles was $31
275
 $31
708 and $29
823 for Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 At December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 expected future amortization expense for
 other intangibles was as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 38.85pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amortization&lt;br /&gt;
 Expense&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
217&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
441&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
173&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
595&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
833&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86
184&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;212
443&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The carrying amounts of goodwill by segment are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=54%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Foodservice&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Retail&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Convenience&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013 and January&amp;#xA0;3
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;187
136&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
236&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41
890&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;275
262&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fiscal 2015 acquisitions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
272&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
462&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
712&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
446&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;188
408&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;57
698&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;53
602&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;299
708&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fiscal 2016 acquisitions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
847&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;333&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
505&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
685&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;217
255&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;58
031&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;55
107&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;330
393&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 There were no accumulated goodwill impairment losses at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016 and January&amp;#xA0;3
 2015.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Other changes in certain operating assets and liabilities
 (excluding amounts for acquisitions) consist of:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;3
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;52 Weeks&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;52 Weeks&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;53 Weeks&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts receivable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
008&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
945&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
841&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventories&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20
956&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
298&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(25
006&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(620&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
509&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
555&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts&amp;#xA0;payable&amp;#xA0;and&amp;#xA0;accrued&amp;#xA0;liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
526&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
573&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
051&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
870&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
179&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(18
241&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 Consolidation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&amp;#xA0;The
 accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts
 of the Company and its subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions
 have been eliminated. Certain prior year amounts have been
 reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. None of

  

 Promotions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&amp;#xA0;Advertising
 costs are expensed as incurred and are included in Selling
 general
 and administrative expenses. Advertising expense for Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014 was $2
182
 $1
523 and $986
 respectively. Promotional expenses associated with rebates
 marketing promotions
 and special pricing arrangements are recorded
 as a reduction of net sales at the time the sale is recorded.
 Certain of these expenses are estimated based on historical trends
 expected future payments to be made and expected future customer
 deductions to be taken under the respective programs. The Company
 believes that the estimates recorded
 including the liability under
 these programs recorded at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 are reasonable.
 Refer to &amp;#x201C;Accrued promotions and marketing&amp;#x201D; on the

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;23. SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Other changes in certain operating assets and liabilities
 (excluding amounts for acquisitions) consist of:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;3
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;52 Weeks&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;52 Weeks&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;53 Weeks&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts receivable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
008&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
945&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
841&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventories&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20
956&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
298&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(25
006&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(620&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
509&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
555&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts&amp;#xA0;payable&amp;#xA0;and&amp;#xA0;accrued&amp;#xA0;liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
526&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
573&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
051&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
870&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
179&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(18
241&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Amounts related to debt refinancing consist of:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=83%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Non-cash&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;write-off&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;of deferred loan fees and
 original issue discount related to debt extinguishments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
084&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Prepayment premium on term loans&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
518&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Original issue discount &amp;#x2013; retirement of term
 loans&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14
230&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Information regarding supplemental cash flow disclosures is
 presented in the table below:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;3
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;52 Weeks&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;52 Weeks&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;53 Weeks&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash paid (received) during the period for:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;89
519&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;94
928&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;94
681&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income taxes
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
830&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
850&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(59&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Significant&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-cash&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;transactions:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Liabilities under tax receivable agreement (primarily due to
 related parties)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;254
155&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts payable for construction in progress&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
325&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
982&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
358&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Insurance premiums financed&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
266&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
288&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Capital leases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;305&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;839&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Common stock surrendered to retire stockholder notes receivable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;476&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  

 Significant Customers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&amp;#xA0;The
 Company is exposed to normal credit risk associated with the nature
 of trade receivables
 and generally
 does not require collateral
 from its customers. As part of its management of such risks
 the
 Company performs certain periodic customer evaluations. The Company
 is also exposed to credit risk related to a concentration of
 receivables among a few customers. Sales to two of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s three largest customers are primarily generated in
 its Foodservice segment
 whereas sales to the third customer is
 primarily generated in the Retail segment. In Fiscal 2016
 these
 three customers accounted for 13.7%
 12.3% and 10.8% of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s net sales
 respectively. The equivalent percentages
 were 13.6%
 12.0% and 9.9% of net sales in Fiscal 2015. For Fiscal
 2014
 the equivalent percentages were 12.9%
 12.2% and 10.1&amp;#xA0;%
 of net sales. If the Company were to lose any of such customers
 the effect on its results could be material. Aggregate accounts
 receivable balances due from these 3 customers at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016 were $22
627 and $23
234

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;9. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company periodically enters into swap agreements to mitigate
 its exposure to fluctuations in the price of diesel fuel and
 natural gas. Such derivatives are generally designated as cash flow
 hedges and are usually recognized in the Consolidated Balance
 Sheets at fair value.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Diesel Fuel Risk.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;The Company&amp;#x2019;s products
 are delivered by independent freight carriers. Generally
 such
 carriers charge the Company a basic rate per mile
 but that rate is
 usually subject to a mileage surcharge that may be triggered if the
 price of diesel fuel increases. To manage the fluctuations in such
 prices
 in Fiscal 2014
 the Company entered into a variable to
 fixed rate commodity swap agreement with a financial counterparty
 that hedged approximately 60% of its diesel fuel requirements. The
 hedge agreement was not entered into for speculative purposes.
 Instead
 it was entered into to mitigate the variability in monthly
 cash flows attributable to fuel surcharge rates related to changes
 in U.S. No 2 Diesel Retail prices. The hedging instruments
 consisted of a series of financially settled fixed forward
 contracts with varying expiration dates
 none of which exceeded
 twelve months. The net amounts were settled monthly and the amounts
 paid or received each month were recorded as adjustments to freight
 expense. The effective changes in fair value were recorded in
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (&amp;#x201C;AOCI&amp;#x201D;)
 a component of shareholders equity.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Natural Gas Risk.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;The Company&amp;#x2019;s natural
 gas is sourced from multiple providers. In Fiscal 2014
 the Company
 entered into a series of variable to fixed rate commodity swap
 agreements with a financial counterparty that hedged approximately
 40% of its natural gas requirements. The hedge agreements were not
 entered into for speculative purposes. Instead
 they were entered
 into to mitigate the variability in monthly cash flows attributable
 to changes in NYMEX (New York Mercantile Exchange) pricing. The
 hedging instruments consisted of a series of financially settled
 fixed forward contracts with varying expiration dates
 none of
 which exceeded twelve months. The net amounts were settled monthly
 and the amounts paid or received each month were recorded as
 adjustments to utilities expense. The effective changes in fair
 value were recorded in AOCI
 a component of shareholders
 equity.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 No diesel fuel or natural gas hedge agreements were entered into
 during Fiscal 2016 or Fiscal 2015
 and none were outstanding at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 or January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016. As a result
 there
 were no amounts in AOCI related to diesel fuel or natural gas hedge
 agreements at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 or January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The effects of derivative instruments on the consolidated
 statements of operations for Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014 are as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gain (loss)&amp;#xA0;&lt;br /&gt;
 Recognized&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;in OCI&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Loss&amp;#xA0;Reclassified&lt;br /&gt;
 from&amp;#xA0;AOCI&amp;#xA0;into&amp;#xA0;Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Diesel fuel swap&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
002&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
002&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
946&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(64&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Natural gas swap&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;292&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(292&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(427&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(87&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
294&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
294&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
373&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(151&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The effect of the diesel fuel swap is recorded in Distribution
 expenses and the effect of the natural gas swap is recorded in Cost
 of goods sold. There was no tax impact of such derivatives on the
 consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;The Company considers all
 highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of
 three months or less to be cash and cash equivalents.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 For financial statement presentation purposes
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 cash and cash equivalents are net of book overdrafts relating to
 outstanding checks in excess of cash in accounts with the same
 financial institution
 if there exists a right of offset. At
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016
 cash and cash
 equivalents on the consolidated balance sheets included book
 overdrafts of $2
686 and $4
588
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Cash in domestic bank accounts is insured by the Federal Deposit
 Insurance Corporation (&amp;#x201C;FDIC&amp;#x201D;). From time to time
 the
 Company may deposit cash in interest-bearing domestic bank accounts
 that may not be fully insured by the FDIC. Cash and cash
 equivalents at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 include short term money
 market and commercial paper investments with a US financial
 institution of $45
959 and $56
967
 respectively; no short term
 money market or commercial paper investments were included in cash
 and cash equivalents at January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;At any time on or after
 December&amp;#xA0;15
 2019
 at a redemption price equal to the
 following percentages of the principal amount
 plus applicable
 accrued and unpaid interest
 if any:&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=83%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 90.65pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Year ending December&amp;#xA0;14
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Percentage&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;104.125&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;102.750&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2022&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;101.375&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2023 and thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100.000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table summarizes the fair values of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s term Loans and the contingent consideration:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=58%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Term Loans:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016 First Lien Term Loan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;705
425&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2012 First Lien Term Loan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;895
007&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2012 Second Lien Term Loan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;367
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Senior Unsecured Notes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;404
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Contingent consideration&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
875&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
628&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;17. DISCLOSURES ABOUT FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
 INSTRUMENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Fair value is the amount that would be received from the sale of an
 asset or paid for transfer of a liability in an orderly transaction
 between market participants
 i.e.
 an exit price.&amp;#xA0;To estimate
 an exit price
 a three-level hierarchy is used. The three-level
 hierarchy for fair value measurements is based on the transparency
 of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability as of the
 measurement date.&amp;#xA0;The fair value hierarchy prioritizes the
 inputs
 which refer broadly to assumptions market participants
 would use in pricing an asset or a liability. The hierarchy is as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=4%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Level 1 &amp;#x2014; Valuation based upon
 unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in
 active markets.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=4%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Level 2 &amp;#x2014; Valuation based upon
 quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets
 or other inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 for substantially the full term of
 the financial instruments.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=4%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Level 3 &amp;#x2014; Valuation based upon
 other unobservable inputs that are significant to the fair value
 measurements and are developed based on the best information
 available
 which in some instances include a company&amp;#x2019;s own
 data.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In many cases
 a valuation technique used to measure fair value
 includes inputs from multiple levels of the fair value
 hierarchy.&amp;#xA0;The lowest level of significant input determines
 the placement of the entire fair value measurement in the
 hierarchy.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-derivative&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;financial instruments consist
 primarily of cash and cash equivalents (including commercial paper
 and money market instruments with original maturities of three
 months or less)
 trade receivables
 trade payables and long-term
 debt.&amp;#xA0;The estimated fair values of the financial instruments
 have been determined using available market information and
 appropriate valuation techniques.&amp;#xA0;Considerable judgment is
 required
 however
 to interpret market data to develop the
 estimates of fair value.&amp;#xA0;Accordingly
 the estimates presented
 herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that the
 Company could realize in a current market exchange.&amp;#xA0;The use of
 different market assumptions and/or estimation methodologies could
 have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 At December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016
 except for the
 2016 First Lien Term Loan
 the Prior Term Loans and the Senior
 Unsecured Notes
 the book values of&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-derivative&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;financial instruments recorded
 in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets are considered to
 approximate fair values due to those instruments being subject to
 variable interest rates
 having short terms to maturity and/or
 being outstanding for short periods of time.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Principal
 net of original issue discount
 of the 2016 First Lien
 Term Loan at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 was $690
293. Principal
 outstanding under the Senior Unsecured Notes at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 was $400
000. Principal
 net of original issue discount
 of
 the 2012 First Lien Term Loan and the 2012 Second Lien Term Loan at
 January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016 was $894
851 and $372
334
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 As discussed in Note 4
 the Company recorded a liability of $19
293
 when it acquired Landshire
 which represented the fair value of a
 contingent consideration related to volume earn out.&amp;#xA0;Other
 than the accretion of the liability due to the passage of time
 there has been no change in the underlying assumptions used to
 calculate the fair value of the earn out since the acquisition
 date.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table summarizes the fair values of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s term Loans and the contingent consideration:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=58%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Term Loans:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016 First Lien Term Loan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;705
425&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2012 First Lien Term Loan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;895
007&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2012 Second Lien Term Loan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;367
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Senior Unsecured Notes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;404
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Contingent consideration&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
875&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
628&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The table below summarizes recent activity related to the
 contingent consideration referred to in the table above:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=83%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
628&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accruals&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;247&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Payments
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
875&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the
 fair value of each class of financial instrument:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=4%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The term loan instruments and Senior
 Unsecured Notes were based on Level&amp;#xA0;2 inputs
 based on the
 observable trading value of these instruments;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=4%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The contingent consideration
 financial instrument was estimated using Level&amp;#xA0;3 significant
 inputs not observable in the market. Key assumptions included in
 the discount cash flow valuation model were predetermined payment
 dates
 actual volume performance
 management&amp;#x2019;s forecasted
 volume performance
 risk-free interest rates plus a credit risk
 premium rate
 historic asset volatility of comparable companies and
 management&amp;#x2019;s assessment of the probability of achieving the
 earn out targets.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 Year.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&amp;#xA0;The

 year ending on the Saturday closest to December&amp;#xA0;31. The fiscal
 year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 (&amp;#x201C;Fiscal 2016&amp;#x201D;) and
 January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016 (&amp;#x201C;Fiscal 2015&amp;#x201D;) were&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: nowrap; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;52-week&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;fiscal
 periods. The fiscal year ended January&amp;#xA0;3
 2015 (&amp;#x201C;Fiscal
 2014&amp;#x201D;) was a&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: nowrap; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;53-week&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;fiscal
 period. The fiscal year ending December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 (&amp;#x201C;Fiscal 2017&amp;#x201D;) will be a&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: nowrap; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;52-week&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;fiscal


 Instruments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;From
 time to time
 the Company may hold derivative financial
 instruments
 including forward foreign currency exchange contracts
 and diesel and natural gas swap agreements. Such instruments are
 generally not entered into for trading purposes. Fair value changes
 of such instruments are generally recorded in other comprehensive
 income (&amp;#x201C;OCI&amp;#x201D;)
 if they are determined to be effective
 as hedges
 and deferred gains and losses are reclassified from OCI
 to earnings in the period in which the gains and losses from the
 underlying transactions are recognized into earnings
 including
 contract terminations. Changes in fair value that do not qualify
 for hedge accounting are immediately recognized into


 Sold.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&amp;#xA0;Cost
 of goods sold includes raw material costs
 packaging supply costs
 manufacturing labor and manufacturing overhead including


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;22. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
 CONTINGENCIES AND RISKS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company is subject to risks and uncertainties inherent in the
 food processing industry
 many of which are outside the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s control
 including raw material
 energy and fuel
 costs
 interest rates and general economic conditions.
 Commodity-based raw materials
 including beef
 chicken and pork
 flour
 seasonings
 soy
 and corrugate represent a significant
 portion of the Company&amp;#x2019;s total annual expenditures.
 Unexpected or sustained increases in commodity prices underlying
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s primary raw materials could materially increase
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s cost of operations. Management continually
 monitors changes in the operating environment and takes action to
 mitigate the impact of adverse changes
 including the
 implementation of price increases
 productivity and cost savings
 programs and deferral or elimination of discretionary spend.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 As part of its ongoing operations in the food processing industry
 the Company is subject to various claims and contingencies arising
 in the normal course of business
 including
 but not limited to
 governmental investigations and proceedings
 product liability as
 well as matters related to employees
 safety
 health
 antitrust
 laws
 taxes
 commercial activities and the environment. In
 particular
 the Company is subject to extensive federal
 state
 and
 local regulations
 and its food processing facilities and food
 products are subject to frequent inspection
 audits and inquiries
 by the USDA
 the FDA
 and various local health and agricultural
 agencies. The Company is also subject to federal
 state
 and local
 agencies responsible for the enforcement of environmental
 labor
 and other laws and regulations. In addition
 the Company is
 involved in various legal actions arising in the normal course of
 business.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Any litigation-related matters are subject to uncertainties and the
 outcomes are generally not predictable. Consequently
 an estimate
 of the possible loss or range of loss associated with these actions
 cannot be made. Certain litigation matters could be decided
 unfavorably against the Company and could have a material adverse
 effect on its results of operations and financial condition.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Claims
 including product and general liability
 workers&amp;#x2019;
 compensation
 auto liability and employment related matters have
 deductibles and self-insured retentions in the US ranging from zero
 to $2
000 per occurrence or per claim
 depending on type of
 coverage and policy period.&amp;#xA0;For international claims
 deductibles and self-insured retentions are lower.&amp;#xA0;The Company
 is also generally self-insured up to certain stop-loss limits for
 certain employee health benefits
 including medical
 drug and
 dental.&amp;#xA0;Estimated reserves are based upon a number of factors
 including known claims
 estimated incurred but not reported claims
 using third-party actuarial data
 which is based on historical
 information as well as certain assumptions about future events.
 Estimated reserves are included in accrued liabilities and other
 long-term liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company evaluates contingencies based on the best available
 information and believes it has recorded appropriate liabilities to
 the extent necessary in cases where the outcome of such liabilities
 is considered probable and reasonably estimable. The Company also
 believes that its assessment of contingencies is reasonable. To the
 extent that resolution of contingencies results in amounts that
 vary from managements&amp;#x2019; estimates
 future earnings will be
 charged or credited accordingly.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following data table presents summarized pro forma results of
 the Company had the Fiscal 2016 acquisition (Allied) occurred on
 January&amp;#xA0;3
 2015 and the Fiscal 2015 acquisitions (Landshire
 and Better Bakery) occurred on December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013
 (unaudited):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
613
992&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
670
846&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;139
397&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;39
343&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;19. EARNINGS (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE (EPS)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 For Fiscal 2016
 the Company computed earnings per share using
 the&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;two-class&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;method
 in which there was an
 allocation of its earnings between holders of its common stock and
 holders of its participating securities. The Company applied this
 method in Fiscal 2016 since during the third quarter of Fiscal
 2016
 holders of its restricted stock and vested and unvested RSUs
 were granted&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-forfeitable&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;rights to dividends and
 dividend-equivalents
 respectively
 and hence became participating
 holders of its common stock for purposes of computing basic
 earnings per share (see Note 16). Basic earnings per share for all
 periods presented were calculated based on the weighted average
 number of outstanding shares of common stock for the
 period.&amp;#xA0;Diluted earnings per share was calculated consistent
 with the basic earnings per share calculation plus the effect of
 dilutive unissued shares of common stock related to stock options
 restricted stock and RSUs
 as applicable
 to the extent that they
 were considered dilutive. The table below details the computation
 of the Company&amp;#x2019;s basic and diluted EPS:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Numerator&lt;/b&gt;:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;136
288&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
111&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(37
943&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less: Distributed earnings allocated to nonvested awards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(461&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less: Undistributed earnings allocated to nonvested awards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
063&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Numerator for basic and diluted earnings (loss) per
 share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;134
764&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
111&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(37
943&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Denominator&lt;/b&gt;:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Average shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; Basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
101
484&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65
350
463&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;64
209
838&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Potential effect of nonvested restricted stock awards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;831
402&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Potential effect of nonvested stock options&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;569&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Average shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; Diluted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
102
053&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;66
181
865&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;64
209
838&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Net income (loss) per common share&amp;#x2014;Basic&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.90&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.57&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.59&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Net income (loss) per common share&amp;#x2014;Diluted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.90&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.56&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.59&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Dividend per share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.28&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Antidilutive awards excluded from the computation of diluted EPS
 (incremental shares):&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Restricted stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;332
955&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 RSUs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;360
130&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 For Fiscal 2016
 the Company applied the&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;two-class&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;method of computing earnings
 per share
 which is an earnings allocation formula that determines
 earnings per share for common stock and participating securities
 according to dividends distributed and participation rights in
 undistributed earnings. For diluted earnings per share
 it requires
 dilutive earnings per share to be computed using two methods
 and
 the most dilutive method selected. The incremental shares shown in
 the table above were excluded from the computation of diluted
 earnings per share because the treasury stock method was determined
 to be less dilutive.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  

 Accounting.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;The
 Company accounts for derivative financial instruments at fair
 value
 as required by ASC 820 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;Fair
 Value Measurement&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D;
 (&amp;#x201C;ASC&amp;#xA0;820&amp;#x201D;). The Company did not elect the fair
 value option permitted by ASC 825
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;Financial
 Instruments&lt;/i&gt;
 whereby a company may choose to measure
 at fair value
 certain
 assets and liabilities that are not required to be reported at fair

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;6. INVENTORIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Inventories by major classification are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Finished goods&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;115
312&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;136
762&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Raw materials&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;53
364&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48
894&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Work in process&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
810&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
330&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserves for excess and obsolete inventory&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
860&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
450&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;165
626&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;183
536&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;7. PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The major components of property
 plant and equipment along with
 their respective estimated useful lives are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=59%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Useful&amp;#xA0;Life&lt;br /&gt;
 (years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Land&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;n/a&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
866&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
396&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Land improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
959&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
594&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Buildings&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;20&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;&amp;#xA0;30&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;156
144&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;146
930&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;5&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;&amp;#xA0;15&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;214
999&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;195
561&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Software&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;3&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;&amp;#xA0;5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20
974&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
229&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Furniture and fixtures&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;3&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;&amp;#xA0;10&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
774&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
421&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vehicles&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;2&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;&amp;#xA0;5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
257&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
302&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Construction in progress&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;n/a&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
071&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
749&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;433
044&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;382
182&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;175
744&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;144
260&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;257
300&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;237
922&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The net book value of&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;internal-use&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;software costs included in
 software above was $5
261 and $5
777 as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 and January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016
 respectively. Depreciation of
 capitalized&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;internal-use&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;computer software costs
 included in depreciation expense for Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 and
 Fiscal 2014 was $3
262
 $3
153 and $2
876
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Depreciation expense for Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014
 was $33
448
 $31
149 and $28
182
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;11. INCOME TAXES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s income tax (benefit) provision consists of the
 following components:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal income tax (benefit) provision&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
609&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;870&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(47
621&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
517&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
333&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net federal income tax (benefit) provision&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(46
012&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
387&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
333&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State income tax (benefit) provision&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;816&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;591&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;331&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11
794&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;941&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;725&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net state income tax (benefit) provision&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
978&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
532&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
056&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income tax (benefit) provision&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(56
990&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
919&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
389&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following is a reconciliation between the reported income tax
 (benefit) provision and the income tax provision based on applying
 the federal statutory rate to the Company&amp;#x2019;s pretax
 income:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=53%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Percent&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;of&amp;#xA0;Pre-tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Percent&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;of&amp;#xA0;Pre-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;tax&lt;br /&gt;
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Percent&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;of&amp;#xA0;Pre-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;tax&lt;br /&gt;
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income tax provision (benefit) computed at statutory rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
754&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
109&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
344&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Permanent book/tax difference:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock-based compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
259&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
501&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;67&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Merger
 acquisition and&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;IPO-related&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
439&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other permanent differences&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;220&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;199&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;205&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State and local income tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
019&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
814&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
021&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(109
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(138.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(15
812&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(34.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
545&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(103.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(63&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income tax (benefit) provision&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(56
990&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(71.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
919&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
389&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(28.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Prior to July&amp;#xA0;20
 2016
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s restricted stock
 awards were accounted for as liability awards. Accordingly
 the
 fair value of the awards were&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;re-measured&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;each quarter and compensation
 expense adjusted based on the&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;re-measured&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;fair value. However
 as
 discussed in Note 16
 the liability award was converted to an
 equity award as of July&amp;#xA0;20
 2016. Accordingly
 the fair value
 of such awards is no longer required to be&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;re-measured.&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;Prior to July&amp;#xA0;20
 2016
 stock-based compensation expense created a permanent book/tax
 difference because employee elections under Section&amp;#xA0;83(b) of
 the Internal Revenue Code established the basis for the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s income tax deduction for employee compensation as
 of the grant dates
 whereas the Company&amp;#x2019;s recognition of
 compensation expense under the liability method of accounting (see
 Note&amp;#xA0;16) was affected by increases in restricted stock values
 subsequent to the grant dates.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference
 that gave rise to the Company&amp;#x2019;s deferred tax assets and
 liabilities were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=57%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=14%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax assets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventory cost capitalization and reserves&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
420&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
789&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other reserves and accruals&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
071&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
209&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal net operating loss carryforwards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;76
678&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State net operating loss carryforwards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
533&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
153&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Alternative minimum tax carryforward&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
111&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
502&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State income tax credit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
565&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
100&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
380&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;307&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;69
287&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108
738&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less: Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(109
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net deferred tax assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;69
287&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(952)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other reserves and accruals&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(998&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(940&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Basis difference in property
 plant and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
669&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
794&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(45
246&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(23
261&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
667&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(803&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(66
580&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(41
798&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net deferred tax asset (liability) &amp;#x2013; net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
707&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(42
750&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 At December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 the Company had net operating losses
 (&amp;#x201C;NOL&amp;#x201D;) carryforwards of $120
498 and $85
427 for
 federal and state purposes
 respectively
 which expire during the
 following years (as revised):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Federal&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;State&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2017&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;&amp;#xA0;2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2022&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;&amp;#xA0;2026&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
812&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2027&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;&amp;#xA0;2031&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
483&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2032&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;&amp;#xA0;2035&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;120
498&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;64
632&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets
 management
 considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or
 all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate
 realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation
 of future taxable income during the periods in which those
 temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the
 scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities and projected future
 taxable income in making this assessment. At each reporting date
 the Company considers both negative and positive evidence that
 impacts the assessment of the realization of deferred tax assets.
 The Company historically maintained a full valuation allowance
 against its deferred tax assets because the existing negative
 evidence outweighed the positive evidence such that it was not more
 likely than not that the deferred tax assets were
 realizable.&amp;#xA0;Principal among the negative evidence has been the
 sustained history of cumulative tax losses
 in part related to
 fluctuations in commodity costs and the Company&amp;#x2019;s high degree
 of financial leverage.&amp;#xA0;Although the Company
 reported&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;pre-tax&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;income in Fiscal 2015
 the
 Company continued to provide for a full valuation allowance against
 its deferred tax assets through January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016 because the
 Company reported significant&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;pre-tax&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;losses in previous historical
 periods.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In Fiscal 2016
 the Company continued the trend of
 realizing&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;pre-tax&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;income that began in the first
 quarter of Fiscal 2015 and its cumulative income in the recent past
 became positive.&amp;#xA0;In addition
 its forecasts for Fiscal 2017
 indicated continued&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;pre-tax&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;income.&amp;#xA0;Additionally
 the
 Company was able to refinance its debt during Fiscal 2016 on more
 favorable terms
 which has and will result in significant annual
 savings.&amp;#xA0;The Company also considered forecasts of future
 taxable income and evaluated the utilization of tax attributes
 prior to their expiration.&amp;#xA0;After considering these factors
 the Company determined that the positive evidence outweighed the
 negative evidence and concluded during Fiscal 2016
 that it was
 more likely than not that its deferred tax assets were
 realizable.&amp;#xA0;As a result
 the Company made the determination to
 release the full valuation allowance of $109
690 in Fiscal
 2016.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following shows the activity in the valuation allowance for
 deferred tax assets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at beginning of period&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;109
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;126
392&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;94
952&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;31
440&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Valuation allowance released&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(109
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(15
812&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other deductions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(890&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at end of period&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;109
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;126
392&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Of the deductions recorded during Fiscal 2015
 $890 was recorded in
 OCI. Of the additions recorded during Fiscal 2014
 $895 was
 recorded in OCI.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Net deferred tax assets and income tax expense can be significantly
 affected by changes in tax laws and rates and by unexpected adverse
 events that could impact management&amp;#x2019;s conclusions as to the
 ultimate realizability of deferred tax assets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal
 jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions. As of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s federal and state tax
 returns for fiscal year 2011 through Fiscal 2015 remain open under
 the relevant statutes.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Management believes that substantially all tax positions taken and
 expected to be taken and reflected in the consolidated financial
 statements at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016 are
 more likely than not to be sustained
 based upon the technical
 merits
 upon examination. As a result
 no material amounts were
 recorded to reverse the impact of tax benefits as of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;14. OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 As discussed in Note 4
 the Company acquired Landshire and Better
 Bakery during Fiscal 2015. A component of the purchase price for
 Landshire related to contingent consideration for earn out payments
 based on achieving minimum annual volume targets. At
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016
 respectively
 the
 fair value of the liability for the earn out payments was $9
875
 and $19
628 respectively
 of which $6
621 and $9
956
 respectively
 were included in other accrued liabilities; the remainder of these
 amounts were included in other long-term liabilities as the
 contract will be settled by March&amp;#xA0;15
 2018.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 As part of the acquisition of Better Bakery
 the Company assumed an
 onerous broker contract. At December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and
 January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016
 the liability for this contract was $4
198
 and $6
821
 respectively. The entire balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 was included in other accrued liabilities as the contract
 expires in Fiscal 2017.&amp;#xA0;At January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016
 the entire
 amount was included in other long-term liabilities.&amp;#xA0;During
 Fiscal 2016
 payments made with respect to the earn out agreement
 and the onerous broker contract were $10
000 and $1
674
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  

 for inventory is composed of the purchase price of raw materials
 plus conversion costs. Inventories are stated at the lower of
 cost&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: nowrap; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;(first-in
&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: nowrap; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;first-out)&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;or
 market
 accompanied by reserves to reduce the carrying values of
 inventories to expected net realizable value after considering
 expected disposition of the inventory and if applicable
 expected

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;13. LEASED PROPERTIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company leases certain property
 plant and equipment some of
 which are classified as capital leases. The capital leases have
 original terms ranging from one to six years and the carrying
 amounts of assets covered under these leases were approximately
 $276 and $861 as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company also leases cold storage space
 machinery
 equipment
 and real estate classified as operating leases with terms that are
 effective for varying periods through fiscal year 2025. Certain of
 these leases have remaining renewal clauses
 exercisable at the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s option.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 At December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 the Company had minimum rental payments
 required under&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-cancelable&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;operating and capital leases
 as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Minimum Rental&lt;br /&gt;
 Payments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 38.85pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Operating&lt;br /&gt;
 Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Capital&lt;br /&gt;
 Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
329&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;277&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
099&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
113&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;610&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;468&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
304&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
923&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;279&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less: amount representing interest&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Present value of minimum lease payments under capital leases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;276&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Components of rent expense were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Real estate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
554&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
994&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
795&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cold storage&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
995&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
919&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
102&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
107&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
278&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
651&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
032&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
992&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In 2012
 the Company entered into an agreement to sell and lease
 back from the purchaser a distribution center for a minimum period
 of twenty years. The Company or a successor lessee may be required
 to provide certain financial assurances that could be deemed to be
 collateral for the sale-leaseback transaction
 and therefore
 the
 transaction does not qualify as a sale. Accordingly
 the real
 estate and related building and equipment remain on the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s books and the proceeds from the sale are being
 accounted for as a long-term liability
 except for the current
 portion of $671
 which is included in accrued liabilities. The
 lease agreement does not have a stated interest rate; the implicit
 interest rate is 7.12% over the term of the agreement. Future
 payments under the agreement related to this lease are as follows
 as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=19%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 38.85pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Required&amp;#xA0;Payments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
332&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
356&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
379&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
403&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
427&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
355&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40
252&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less amounts representing interest:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
617&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
635&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 During Fiscal 2014
 the Company entered into an operating lease for
 additional office space in Cincinnati
 OH. A portion of the rent
 was abated at the start of the lease term. Pursuant to ASC
 840&amp;#x2014;&amp;#x201D;&lt;i&gt;Leases&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D; (&amp;#x201C;ASC&amp;#xA0;840&amp;#x201D;)
 the rent expense is being recognized on a straight-line basis over
 the lease term with corresponding entries to deferred rent. At
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016
 deferred rent
 related to this lease was $316 and $342
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The major components of property
 plant and equipment along with
 their respective estimated useful lives are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=59%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Useful&amp;#xA0;Life&lt;br /&gt;
 (years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Land&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;n/a&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
866&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
396&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Land improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
959&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
594&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Buildings&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;20&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;&amp;#xA0;30&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;156
144&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;146
930&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;5&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;&amp;#xA0;15&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;214
999&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;195
561&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Software&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;3&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;&amp;#xA0;5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20
974&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
229&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Furniture and fixtures&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;3&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;&amp;#xA0;10&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
774&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
421&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vehicles&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;2&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;&amp;#xA0;5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
257&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
302&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Construction in progress&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;n/a&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
071&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
749&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;433
044&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;382
182&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;175
744&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;144
260&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;257
300&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;237
922&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;

  

 Costs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&amp;#xA0;Capitalized&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: nowrap; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;internal-use&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;software
 costs include external consulting fees and payroll-related costs
 for employees that are directly associated with
 and who devote
 time to
 the software projects during the application development
 stage. Capitalization begins when the planning stage is complete
 and the Company commits resources to the software project.
 Amortization of the asset commences when the software is placed
 into service. The Company amortizes&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: nowrap; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;internal-use&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;software
 on a straight-line basis over the software&amp;#x2019;s estimated useful

  
  
  
  
  

 Program.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&amp;#xA0;The
 Company participates in the US Department of Agriculture
 (&amp;#x201C;USDA&amp;#x201D;) Commodity Reprocessing Program (the
 &amp;#x201C;USDA Commodity Program&amp;#x201D;) which provides food and
 nutrition assistance to schools. Under the provisions of the USDA
 Commodity Program
 the Company receives government donated raw
 materials
 which it processes into finished food products for sale
 to schools. The USDA Commodity Program provides that
 among other
 things
 the Company bears the risk of loss
 spoilage or
 obsolescence associated with donated raw materials as well as the
 risk of loss
 spoilage or obsolescence associated with the finished
 goods produced from the donated raw materials. Obligations under
 the USDA Commodity Program and the related inventory are recorded
 at the USDA stipulated value of the donated commodity raw materials
 at the date the Company takes possession of the raw materials. Upon
 delivery of finished product to qualifying school customers
 the
 inventory and associated liability are reduced or netted against
 each other. As a result
 revenues and cost of goods sold related to
 sales under the USDA Commodity Program are recorded exclusive of

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;New Accounting Pronouncements.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Pronouncements adopted by the Company&lt;/i&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In March&amp;#xA0;2016
 the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update
 (&amp;#x201C;ASU&amp;#x201D;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2016-09
&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Improvements to
 Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D; The new
 guidance simplifies the accounting for share-based payment
 transactions
 including the income tax consequences
 classification
 of awards as either equity or liability
 and classification on the
 statement of cash flows. This guidance was effective for the
 Company on January&amp;#xA0;1
 2017 and is not expected to materially
 impact the financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2015-11
&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Simplifying the
 Measurement of Inventory&lt;/i&gt;
&amp;#x201D; which requires entities to
 measure most inventory &amp;#x201C;at the lower of cost and net
 realizable value
&amp;#x201D; thereby simplifying the current guidance
 under which an entity must measure inventory at the lower of cost
 or market. The ASU does not apply to inventories that are measured
 using either the&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;last-in
&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;first-out&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;(LIFO) method or the Retail
 inventory method. The updated guidance was effective for the
 Company on January&amp;#xA0;1
 2017 and is not expected to materially
 impact the financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In April&amp;#xA0;2015
 the FASB issued ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2015-03
&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Simplifying the
 Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#x201D; The new guidance
 changed the presentation of debt issuance costs in financial
 statements. Under the ASU
 an entity is now required to present
 such costs in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the
 related debt rather than as an asset. Amortization of the debt
 issuance costs continues to be reported as interest expense. The
 updated guidance was effective for annual reporting periods
 beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2015
 including interim periods
 within that reporting period.&amp;#xA0;The Company adopted the guidance
 in the first quarter of Fiscal 2016.&amp;#xA0;The impact resulted in
 reductions of long-term assets and long-term debt of $11
638 and
 $11
071 as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Pronouncements under consideration by the Company.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In January 2017
 the FASB issued ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-04
&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Intangibles-Goodwill and
 Other (Topic 350)
 Simplifying the Test for Goodwill
 Impairment&lt;/i&gt;.&lt;i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;The guidance eliminates
 the requirement to calculate the implied fair value of goodwill
 (i.e.
 Step 2 of the current goodwill impairment test) to measure a
 goodwill impairment charge. Instead
 entities are to record an
 impairment charge based on the excess of a reporting unit&amp;#x2019;s
 carrying amount over its fair value (i.e. measure the charge based
 on the current Step 1). The revised guidance is to be applied
 prospectively
 and is effective for calendar&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;year-end&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;SEC filers in 2020. Early
 adoption is permitted for any impairment tests performed after
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2017. The new guidance is not expected to have a
 material impact on the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In January 2017
 the FASB issued ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-01
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#xA0;Business Combinations
 (Topic 805): Clarifying the Definition of a Business&lt;/i&gt;. The ASU
 clarifies the definition of a business and provides guidance to
 assist entities in determining whether transactions should be
 accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or whether
 they should be accounted for as acquisitions or disposals of a
 businesses. To be considered a business under the guidance
 there
 needs to be an input and a substantive process that together
 significantly contribute to the ability to create output. The ASU
 removes the requirement to consider whether a market participant
 could replace missing elements. The amendments are effective for
 the Company on January&amp;#xA0;1
 2018
 and is to be applied
 prospectively. The provisions of this ASU will need to be applied
 to future acquisitions or dispositions
 but is not expected to have
 a material impact on the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In October&amp;#xA0;2016
 the FASB issued ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-16
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#xA0;Income Taxes (Topic
 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than
 Inventory.&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;The
 new guidance requires the recognition of the tax consequences of
 intercompany asset transfers other than inventory when the transfer
 occurs. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods
 beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2017
 including interim reporting
 periods within those annual reporting periods. Early adoption is
 permitted as of the beginning of an annual reporting period and
 will require a modified retrospective adoption. The Company is in
 the process of evaluating this guidance.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In August&amp;#xA0;2016
 the FASB issued ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-15
&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Classification of
 Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#x201D; The new
 guidance was issued to reduce diversity in practice with respect to
 the presentation and classification of certain cash receipts and
 payments in the statement of cash flows under Topic
 230
&lt;i&gt;&amp;#xA0;Statement
 of Cash Flows&lt;/i&gt;
 and other Topics. The update addresses eight
 specific cash flow issues
 including presentation of certain debt
 issuance costs
 proceeds from settlement of insurance claims and
 contingent consideration entered into in connection with
 acquisitions. The amendments are effective for the Company in
 fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2017
 and interim
 periods within those fiscal years and will require retrospective
 adoption for all periods presented. An entity that elects early
 adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. The
 Company is in the process of evaluating this guidance.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2016-02
&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;Leases (Topic
 842).&amp;#x201D; The new guidance will require lessees to recognize the
 assets and liabilities that arise from leases in the balance sheet
 including operating leases. The updated guidance will be effective
 for fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2018
 including
 interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is
 permitted. The Company is in the process of evaluating this
 guidance.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2014-09
&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from
 Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#x201D;&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;ASU&amp;#xA0;2014-09&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;outlines a new
 single
 comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue
 arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current
 revenue recognition guidance. This new revenue recognition model
 provides a five-step analysis in determining when and how revenue
 is recognized. The new model will require revenue recognition to
 depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in
 an amount that reflects the consideration a company expects to
 receive in exchange for those goods or services. ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2014-09
&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;as amended in August 2015
 is
 effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2017
 and early adoption is
 permitted. The Company is continuing to assess the impact of
 ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2014-09&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;on its financial statements
 and
 based on the progress to date
 does not expect the adoption to
 have a material impact on the timing of its revenue
 recognition.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;5. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Accounts receivable consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trade accounts receivable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;77
092&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;72
161&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other receivables&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
516&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
577&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserves for sales returns and uncollectible accounts
 receivable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
150&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
120&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;82
458&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;82
618&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Other receivables at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016 includes $2
329 and $9
398
 respectively
 for a product
 contamination insurance policy claim related to the recall of
 stuffed chicken breast products that occurred in Fiscal
 2015.&amp;#xA0;Such amounts were recognized based on a loss contingency
 model and primarily relate to a claim for net sales reductions due
 to product returns
 marketing expenses to support post-recall
 sales
 professional fees and travel.&amp;#xA0;The amount recorded
 represents the amount expected to be collected under the policy.
 The full amount of the insurance claim is $19
196
 of which $1
000
 is subject to self-insurance retention. The amount claimed also
 includes unrecorded contingent gains of $5
867 representing claims
 for business interruption. The activity in the recall receivable
 account was as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance
 beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
398&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Claim additions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
535&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
794&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Self-insurance retention&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Payments received&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
604&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
396&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance
 end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
329&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
398&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Of the $1
535 recorded as claim additions in Fiscal 2016
 $345
 $30
 $1
001 and $159 were recorded to cost of goods sold
 distribution expenses
 selling
 general and administrative expenses
 and other expense
 net
 respectively. Of the $11
794 recorded in
 Fiscal 2015
 $6
244
 $196
 $1
700 and $3
654 were recorded to Cost
 of goods sold
 Distribution expenses
 Selling
 general and
 administrative expenses
 and Other expense
 net
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 18pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Net sales by product category were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=55%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Sandwiches&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;474
085&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;455
107&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;412
009&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Sandwich&amp;#xA0;components&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;572
646&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;630
928&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;610
780&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&amp;#xA0;entr&amp;#xE9;es&amp;#xA0;and&amp;#xA0;snacks&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;521
528&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;525
576&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;554
838&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
568
259&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
611
611&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
577
627&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following summarizes the Company&amp;#x2019;s Fiscal 2016 quarterly
 financial data (net income for the fiscal quarter ended
 July&amp;#xA0;2
 2016 was impacted by the valuation allowance released
 in Fiscal 2016
 $56
496 of which was released during the quarter -
 see Note&amp;#xA0;11):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=48%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Quarter Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;April&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;July&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;October&amp;#xA0;1
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;13 Weeks&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;13 Weeks&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;13 Weeks&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;13 Weeks&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;394
495&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;370
687&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;393
654&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;409
423&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100
191&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100
935&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;105
426&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;116
544&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
564&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;64
134&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
445&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
145&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Net income per common share&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.97&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.29&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.42&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted&amp;#xA0;average&amp;#xA0;shares&amp;#xA0;outstanding&amp;#x2014;Basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;66
025
281&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65
836
860&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;74
878
851&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;77
664
944&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.96&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.29&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.42&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted&amp;#xA0;average&amp;#xA0;shares&amp;#xA0;outstanding&amp;#x2014;Diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;66
880
841&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;66
837
810&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;74
878
851&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;77
667
330&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following summarizes the Company&amp;#x2019;s Fiscal 2015 quarterly
 financial data:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=48%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Quarter Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;April&amp;#xA0;4
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;July&amp;#xA0;4
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;October&amp;#xA0;3
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;13 Weeks&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;13 Weeks&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;13 Weeks&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;13 Weeks&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;426
509&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;391
878&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;407
170&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;386
054&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;87
154&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;83
814&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;87
718&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;95
688&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
529&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
260&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
635&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
687&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Net income per common share&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.16&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.03&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.19&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted&amp;#xA0;average&amp;#xA0;shares&amp;#xA0;outstanding&amp;#x2014;Basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65
145
051&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65
269
159&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65
334
001&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65
653
641&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.16&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.03&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.19&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted&amp;#xA0;average&amp;#xA0;shares&amp;#xA0;outstanding&amp;#x2014;Diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;66
258
254&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;66
617
909&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;66
847
945&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;66
557
204&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Future payments under the agreement related to this lease are as
 follows as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=19%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 38.85pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Required&amp;#xA0;Payments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
332&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
356&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
379&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
403&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
427&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
355&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40
252&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less amounts representing interest:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
617&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
635&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Description of Business.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;AdvancePierre Foods
 Holdings
&amp;#xA0;Inc. (the &amp;#x201C;Company&amp;#x201D;) is a leading
 national producer and distributor of value-added
 convenient
&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;ready-to-eat&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;sandwiches
 sandwich
 components and other entr&amp;#xE9;es and snacks. The Company sells its
 value-added products to the Foodservice
 Retail
 Convenience and
 industrial channels that correspond to its reportable segments. The
 Company markets and distributes a broad line of products in
 multiple product categories including&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;ready-to-eat&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;sandwiches (such as breakfast
 sandwiches
 peanut butter and jelly (&amp;#x201C;PB&amp;amp;J&amp;#x201D;)
 sandwiches and hamburgers); sandwich components (such as
 flame-grilled hamburgers and chicken patties and Philly steaks);
 and other entr&amp;#xE9;es and snacks (such as country fried steak
 stuffed entr&amp;#xE9;es
 chicken tenders and cinnamon dough
 bites).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 OCM Principal Opportunities Fund IV&amp;#xA0;L.P. (&amp;#x201C;OCM&amp;#x201D;)
 is the Company&amp;#x2019;s majority shareholder. AdvancePierre
 Foods
&amp;#xA0;Inc. (&amp;#x201C;APF&amp;#x201D;) is a wholly-owned indirect
 subsidiary of the Company.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock Split and Initial Public Offering.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;On June&amp;#xA0;16
 2016
 the
 Company declared a&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;49.313-for-one&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;stock split of its common
 stock with an effective date of June&amp;#xA0;21
 2016. The par value
 of the common stock was not adjusted as a result of the stock
 split. All share and per share amounts included herein have been
 retroactivity adjusted to reflect the stock split. Fractional
 shares resulting from the stock split were rounded up to the
 nearest whole share.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On July&amp;#xA0;20
 2016
 the Company completed an initial public
 offering (&amp;#x201C;IPO&amp;#x201D;) of 21
390
000 shares of its common
 stock
 in which 11
090
000 shares were sold by the Company and
 10
300
000 were sold by the selling stockholders. On
 January&amp;#xA0;24
 2017
 the Company completed a secondary public
 offering in which certain funds managed by Oaktree Capital
 Management
 L.P. (&amp;#x201C;Oaktree&amp;#x201D;)
 and certain members of
 management sold 14
375
000 shares of common stock. Oaktree is the
 management company for OCM.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Components of rent expense were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Real estate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
554&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
994&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
795&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cold storage&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
995&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
919&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
102&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
107&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
278&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
651&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
032&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
992&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 Taxes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&amp;#xA0;The
 provision or benefit for income taxes is determined using the asset
 and liability approach. Under this approach
 deferred income taxes
 represent the expected future tax consequences of temporary
 differences between the carrying amounts and tax basis of assets
 and liabilities. The Company records a valuation allowance to
 reduce its deferred tax assets to an amount that is more likely
 than not to be realized. The Company follows accounting guidance
 related to accounting for uncertainty in income taxes to record
 uncertainties and judgments in the application of complex tax
 regulations (refer to Note&amp;#xA0;11 for more

  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;12. STOCKHOLDERS&amp;#x2019; EQUITY&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Concurrent with the restricted stock awards discussed in Note 16
 employees and other recipients made elections under section
 83(b)&amp;#xA0;of the Internal Revenue Code (the
 &amp;#x201C;83(b)&amp;#xA0;elections&amp;#x201D;)
 which triggered immediate
 recognition of compensation for federal income tax
 purposes.&amp;#xA0;To assist the recipients with the tax liability
 arising from the 83(b)&amp;#xA0;elections
 the Company provided loans
 to these employees
 evidenced by promissory notes (the
 &amp;#x201C;Stockholder Notes&amp;#x201D;)
 for amounts that approximate each
 recipient&amp;#x2019;s tax liability under the
 83(b)&amp;#xA0;elections.&amp;#xA0;The Stockholder Notes are secured by the
 shares issued to the respective recipients under the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s 2009 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan which
 effective
 August&amp;#xA0;18
 2016
 was renamed the AdvancePierre Foods
 Holdings
&amp;#xA0;Inc. 2009 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the
 &amp;#x201C;Equity Incentive Plan&amp;#x201D;) or any other equity incentive
 plan.&amp;#xA0;In addition
 the Stockholder Notes have recourse in the
 event of default by the recipient.&amp;#xA0;Interest is charged on the
 outstanding balances at the&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;mid-term&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;applicable federal rate in
 effect at the issue date.&amp;#xA0;As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and
 January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016
 the interest rates on the Stockholder Notes
 ranged between 0.95% and 2.04%.&amp;#xA0;Balances outstanding at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016 (which represent
 principal and related accrued interest) were $902 and $3
884
 respectively
 and are presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
 as deductions from stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity.&amp;#xA0;Interest on
 such Stockholder Notes
 which are included in related party
 interest in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and
 Comprehensive Income
 were nominal for the periods presented.
 During Fiscal 2016
 prior to the IPO
 all Stockholder Notes due
 from the executive officers were repaid and/or
 retired.&amp;#xA0;Accordingly
 Stockholder Notes at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 represent amounts due from other employees.&lt;/p&gt;


 Estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&amp;#xA0;The
 preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
 principles generally accepted in the US (&amp;#x201C;GAAP&amp;#x201D;)
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
 the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
 contingent assets and liabilities at the date of such statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
 reporting period. Significant accounting estimates include
 estimates of fair values for inventory
 goodwill
 other intangible
 assets
 other long-lived assets and liabilities under income tax
 receivable agreements
 in addition to accounting estimates for
 sales discounts
 promotional allowances
&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: nowrap; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;sales-in-transit
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;self-insurance
 reserves
 fair value of stock&amp;#x2013;based compensation awards and
 useful lives assigned to intangible assets and property
 plant and
 equipment. Actual results could differ from those

  

 Receivable.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&amp;#xA0;Allowances
 for doubtful accounts are maintained against accounts receivable
 for estimated losses resulting from a customer&amp;#x2019;s inability to
 make required payments. Some of these allowances are specific
 (relate to certain customers considered to pose greater credit
 risk) as well as general (relate to estimates based on trends in
 the entire customer pool). Accounts are written off against the
 reserve when it is evident that collection will not


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Additional information relating to the stock option awards
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=54%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Exercise&lt;br /&gt;
 Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Remaining&lt;br /&gt;
 Contractual&lt;br /&gt;
 Term&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Intrinsic&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Value&amp;#xA0;(1)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at beginning of fiscal year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;657
261&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.70&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
876&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.69&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance outstanding at end of period&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;649
385&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.70&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.66&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
647&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Options expected to vest&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;610
940&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.70&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.66 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
491&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 156px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: 8pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(1)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Represents the total&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;pre-tax&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;intrinsic value
 based on the
 closing price of the Company&amp;#x2019;s common stock on the New York
 Stock Exchange on December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and is the amount the
 option holders would have received had all option holders exercised
 their options on December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 At December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 the Company had net operating losses
 (&amp;#x201C;NOL&amp;#x201D;) carryforwards of $120
498 and $85
427 for
 federal and state purposes
 respectively
 which expire during the
 following years (as revised):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Federal&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;State&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2017&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;&amp;#xA0;2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2022&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;&amp;#xA0;2026&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
812&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2027&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;&amp;#xA0;2031&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
483&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2032&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;&amp;#xA0;2035&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;120
498&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;64
632&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The table below summarizes recent activity related to the
 contingent consideration referred to in the table above:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=83%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
628&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accruals&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;247&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Payments
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
875&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 Company is self-insured for certain employee medical and
 workers&amp;#x2019; compensation benefits. The Company maintains
 stop-loss coverage in order to limit its exposure to such claims.
 Self-insurance expenses are accrued based on estimates of any
 significant level of the aggregate liability for uninsured claims

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;Property
 plant and equipment
 are stated at cost. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs which
 do not significantly extend the useful lives of assets are charged
 to operations whereas additions and betterments
 including interest
 costs incurred during construction
 which was not material for the
 fiscal years presented
 are capitalized.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Depreciation of property
 plant and equipment is provided over the
 estimated useful lives of the respective assets on the
 straight-line basis. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over
 the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the terms of the
 respective leases. Property under capital leases is amortized over
 the terms of the respective leases. When property
 plant and
 equipment are retired or sold
 the cost and related accumulated
 depreciation are removed from the accounts with any gain or loss
 recognized in Other expense
 net.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 When changes in circumstances indicate that carrying amounts may
 not be recoverable
 the Company evaluates the recoverability of
 property
 plant
 and equipment not held for sale by comparing the
 carrying amount of the asset or group of assets against the
 estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from
 the use of the asset or group of assets and their eventual
 disposition. If the undiscounted future cash flows are less than
 the carrying value of the asset or group of assets being evaluated
 an impairment loss is recorded. The loss is measured as the
 difference between the fair value and carrying value of the asset
 or group of assets being evaluated. Assets to be disposed of are
 reported at the lower of the carrying amount or the fair value less
 cost to sell. The estimated fair value is based on the best
 information available under the circumstances
 including prices for
 similar assets or the results of valuation techniques
 including
 the present value of expected future cash flows using a discount
 rate commensurate with the risks involved.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The grant-date fair value of the stock option awards are determined
 using the Black-Scholes model. Weighted average inputs to the
 Black-Scholes model were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=14%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock price on date of grant&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26.24&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercise price&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.70&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected term&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.74&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Risk-free interest rate (range 0.74% to 1.36%)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.18%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected dividend yield (range 2.2% to 2.5%)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.29%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected volatility&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23.8%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s debt consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016 First Lien Term Loan
 with floating interest rates
 maturing
 June&amp;#xA0;2
 2023
 net of original issue discount of $4
526&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;663
720&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016 First Lien Term Loan
 held by related party
 net of original
 issue discount of $181&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
573&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Senior Unsecured Notes (including related party principal of
 $40
000)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;400
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2012 First Lien Term Loan
 net of original issue discount of
 $2
399&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;894
851&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2012 Second Lien Term Loan
 net of original issue discount of
 $2
438&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;340
562&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2012 Second Lien Term Loan
 held by related party
 net of original
 issue discount of $228&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;31
772&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Debt issuance costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11
638&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11
071&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Capitalized lease obligations maturing through Fiscal 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;276&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;861&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Insurance premium financing&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
583&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
078
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
258
558&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less: current maturities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(274&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(24
721&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
078
657&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
233
837&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 During Fiscal 2016
 the Company granted restricted shares with
 weighted average grant date fair values per share as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=55%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 138.8pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Grants Made During the Quarter Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Restricted&amp;#xA0;Shares&lt;br /&gt;
 Granted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&amp;#xA0;Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair Value of&lt;br /&gt;
 Common&amp;#xA0;Stock&amp;#xA0;per&lt;br /&gt;
 Share on Date of&lt;br /&gt;
 Grant&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 April&amp;#xA0;2
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;130
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.24&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 July&amp;#xA0;2
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;93
696&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
671&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.65&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The table below details the computation of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 basic and diluted EPS:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Numerator&lt;/b&gt;:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;136
288&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
111&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(37
943&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less: Distributed earnings allocated to nonvested awards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(461&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less: Undistributed earnings allocated to nonvested awards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
063&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Numerator for basic and diluted earnings (loss) per
 share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;134
764&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
111&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(37
943&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Denominator&lt;/b&gt;:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Average shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; Basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
101
484&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65
350
463&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;64
209
838&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Potential effect of nonvested restricted stock awards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;831
402&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Potential effect of nonvested stock options&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;569&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Average shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; Diluted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
102
053&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;66
181
865&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;64
209
838&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Net income (loss) per common share&amp;#x2014;Basic&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.90&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.57&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.59&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Net income (loss) per common share&amp;#x2014;Diluted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.90&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.56&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.59&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Dividend per share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.28&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Antidilutive awards excluded from the computation of diluted EPS
 (incremental shares):&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Restricted stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;332
955&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 RSUs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;360
130&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Inventories by major classification are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Finished goods&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;115
312&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;136
762&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Raw materials&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;53
364&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48
894&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Work in process&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
810&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
330&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserves for excess and obsolete inventory&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
860&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
450&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;165
626&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;183
536&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;SCHEDULE II&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;ADVANCEPIERRE FOODS HOLDINGS
 INC.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Valuation and Qualifying Accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Fiscal Years Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016 and January&amp;#xA0;3
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;DESCRIPTION&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Reserve deducted from related asset:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Reserves for excess and obsolete inventory:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=58%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
 beginning&lt;br /&gt;
 of period&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;Charged&lt;br /&gt;
 to costs&lt;br /&gt;
 And&lt;br /&gt;
 Expenses&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;Charged&lt;br /&gt;
 To&lt;br /&gt;
 Other&lt;br /&gt;
 Accounts&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;Deductions&lt;br /&gt;
 net&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Recoveries&amp;#xA0;(a)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;Balance&lt;br /&gt;
 at end&lt;br /&gt;
 of&amp;#xA0;period&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fiscal year ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
450&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
660&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
250&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
860&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
419&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
107&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11
076&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
450&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 January&amp;#xA0;3
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
417&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
746&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11
744&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
419&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 156px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: 8pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;primarily dispositions of distressed
 expired and discontinued product and write-offs&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The carrying amounts of goodwill by segment are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=54%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Foodservice&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Retail&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Convenience&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013 and January&amp;#xA0;3
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;187
136&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
236&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41
890&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;275
262&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fiscal 2015 acquisitions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
272&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
462&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
712&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
446&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;188
408&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;57
698&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;53
602&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;299
708&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fiscal 2016 acquisitions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
847&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;333&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
505&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
685&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;217
255&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;58
031&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;55
107&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;330
393&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s income tax (benefit) provision consists of the
 following components:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal income tax (benefit) provision&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
609&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;870&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(47
621&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
517&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
333&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net federal income tax (benefit) provision&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(46
012&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
387&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
333&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State income tax (benefit) provision&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;816&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;591&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;331&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11
794&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;941&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;725&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net state income tax (benefit) provision&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
978&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
532&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
056&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income tax (benefit) provision&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(56
990&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
919&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
389&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Cost and accumulated amortization (as applicable) of Other
 intangible assets consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortizable intangibles:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cost:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Formulas (weighted average life &amp;#x2013; 10 years)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
307&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
307&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trade name and trademarks (weighted average life &amp;#x2013; 13 and
 12&amp;#xA0;years
 respectively)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;119
002&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;106
092&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Non-compete&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;(weighted average life &amp;#x2013;
 4&amp;#xA0;years)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
419&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
309&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships (weighted average life &amp;#x2013; 14 years)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;288
292&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;270
610&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;421
020&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;389
318&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accumulated amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Formulas&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
760&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
784&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trade name and trademarks&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(44
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(36
263&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Non-compete&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
759&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
220&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(154
376&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(133
035&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(208
577&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(177
302&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net book value&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Formulas&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
547&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
523&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trade name and trademarks&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;74
320&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;69
829&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Non-compete&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
660&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
089&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;133
916&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;137
575&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;212
443&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;212
016&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Indefinite-lived intangibles:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trade name and trademarks&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
175&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
175&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Water and sewer usage permits&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
919&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
919&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;242
537&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;242
110&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following shows the activity in the valuation allowance for
 deferred tax assets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at beginning of period&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;109
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;126
392&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;94
952&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;31
440&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Valuation allowance released&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(109
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(15
812&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other deductions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(890&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at end of period&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;109
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;126
392&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference
 that gave rise to the Company&amp;#x2019;s deferred tax assets and
 liabilities were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=57%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=14%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax assets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventory cost capitalization and reserves&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
420&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
789&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other reserves and accruals&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
071&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
209&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal net operating loss carryforwards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;76
678&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State net operating loss carryforwards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
533&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
153&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Alternative minimum tax carryforward&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
111&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
502&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State income tax credit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
565&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
100&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
380&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;307&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;69
287&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108
738&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less: Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(109
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net deferred tax assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;69
287&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(952)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other reserves and accruals&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(998&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(940&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Basis difference in property
 plant and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
669&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
794&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(45
246&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(23
261&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
667&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(803&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(66
580&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(41
798&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net deferred tax asset (liability) &amp;#x2013; net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
707&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(42
750&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Future maturities of long-term debt were as follows at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fiscal year 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;274&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fiscal year 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
095
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
095
276&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less: amounts representing interest resulting from amortization of
 original issue discount&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
707&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
090
569&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;Availability under
 the ABL Facility was as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Borrowing base limitation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;125
114&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;130
941&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less: outstanding letters of credit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
469&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
498&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net availability&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;119
645&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;125
443&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 At December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 the Company had minimum rental payments
 required under&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-cancelable&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;operating and capital leases
 as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Minimum Rental&lt;br /&gt;
 Payments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 38.85pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Operating&lt;br /&gt;
 Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Capital&lt;br /&gt;
 Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
329&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;277&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
099&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
113&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;610&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;468&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
304&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
923&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;279&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less: amount representing interest&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Present value of minimum lease payments under capital leases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;276&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Principles of Consolidation.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;The accompanying consolidated
 financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its
 subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions have been eliminated.
 Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the
 current period presentation. None of the reclassifications were
 considered material.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Use of Estimates.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;The preparation of financial
 statements in conformity with accounting principles generally
 accepted in the US (&amp;#x201C;GAAP&amp;#x201D;) requires management to make
 estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
 assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
 liabilities at the date of such statements and the reported amounts
 of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant
 accounting estimates include estimates of fair values for
 inventory
 goodwill
 other intangible assets
 other long-lived
 assets and liabilities under income tax receivable agreements
 in
 addition to accounting estimates for sales discounts
 promotional
 allowances
&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;sales-in-transit
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;self-insurance reserves
 fair
 value of stock&amp;#x2013;based compensation awards and useful lives
 assigned to intangible assets and property
 plant and equipment.
 Actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fiscal Year.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;The Company operates on
 a&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;52-week&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;or&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;53-week&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;fiscal year ending on the
 Saturday closest to December&amp;#xA0;31. The fiscal year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 (&amp;#x201C;Fiscal 2016&amp;#x201D;) and
 January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016 (&amp;#x201C;Fiscal 2015&amp;#x201D;) were&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;52-week&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;fiscal periods. The fiscal
 year ended January&amp;#xA0;3
 2015 (&amp;#x201C;Fiscal 2014&amp;#x201D;) was
 a&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;53-week&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;fiscal period. The fiscal year
 ending December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 (&amp;#x201C;Fiscal 2017&amp;#x201D;) will be
 a&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;52-week&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;fiscal period.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;The Company considers all
 highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of
 three months or less to be cash and cash equivalents.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 For financial statement presentation purposes
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 cash and cash equivalents are net of book overdrafts relating to
 outstanding checks in excess of cash in accounts with the same
 financial institution
 if there exists a right of offset. At
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016
 cash and cash
 equivalents on the consolidated balance sheets included book
 overdrafts of $2
686 and $4
588
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Cash in domestic bank accounts is insured by the Federal Deposit
 Insurance Corporation (&amp;#x201C;FDIC&amp;#x201D;). From time to time
 the
 Company may deposit cash in interest-bearing domestic bank accounts
 that may not be fully insured by the FDIC. Cash and cash
 equivalents at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 include short term money
 market and commercial paper investments with a US financial
 institution of $45
959 and $56
967
 respectively; no short term
 money market or commercial paper investments were included in cash
 and cash equivalents at January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Accounts Receivable.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;Allowances for doubtful
 accounts are maintained against accounts receivable for estimated
 losses resulting from a customer&amp;#x2019;s inability to make required
 payments. Some of these allowances are specific (relate to certain
 customers considered to pose greater credit risk) as well as
 general (relate to estimates based on trends in the entire customer
 pool). Accounts are written off against the reserve when it is
 evident that collection will not occur.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Concentration of Credit Risk and Significant
 Customers.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;The Company is exposed to
 normal credit risk associated with the nature of trade receivables
 and generally
 does not require collateral from its customers. As
 part of its management of such risks
 the Company performs certain
 periodic customer evaluations. The Company is also exposed to
 credit risk related to a concentration of receivables among a few
 customers. Sales to two of the Company&amp;#x2019;s three largest
 customers are primarily generated in its Foodservice segment
 whereas sales to the third customer is primarily generated in the
 Retail segment. In Fiscal 2016
 these three customers accounted for
 13.7%
 12.3% and 10.8% of the Company&amp;#x2019;s net sales
 respectively. The equivalent percentages were 13.6%
 12.0% and 9.9%
 of net sales in Fiscal 2015. For Fiscal 2014
 the equivalent
 percentages were 12.9%
 12.2% and 10.1&amp;#xA0;% of net sales. If the
 Company were to lose any of such customers
 the effect on its
 results could be material. Aggregate accounts receivable balances
 due from these 3 customers at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and
 January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016 were $22
627 and $23
234
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Inventories.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;Cost for inventory is composed
 of the purchase price of raw materials plus conversion costs.
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;(first-in
&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;first-out)&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;or market
 accompanied by
 reserves to reduce the carrying values of inventories to expected
 net realizable value after considering expected disposition of the
 inventory and if applicable
 expected sales price and incremental
 costs to sell.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;Property
 plant and equipment
 are stated at cost. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs which
 do not significantly extend the useful lives of assets are charged
 to operations whereas additions and betterments
 including interest
 costs incurred during construction
 which was not material for the
 fiscal years presented
 are capitalized.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Depreciation of property
 plant and equipment is provided over the
 estimated useful lives of the respective assets on the
 straight-line basis. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over
 the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the terms of the
 respective leases. Property under capital leases is amortized over
 the terms of the respective leases. When property
 plant and
 equipment are retired or sold
 the cost and related accumulated
 depreciation are removed from the accounts with any gain or loss
 recognized in Other expense
 net.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 When changes in circumstances indicate that carrying amounts may
 not be recoverable
 the Company evaluates the recoverability of
 property
 plant
 and equipment not held for sale by comparing the
 carrying amount of the asset or group of assets against the
 estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from
 the use of the asset or group of assets and their eventual
 disposition. If the undiscounted future cash flows are less than
 the carrying value of the asset or group of assets being evaluated
 an impairment loss is recorded. The loss is measured as the
 difference between the fair value and carrying value of the asset
 or group of assets being evaluated. Assets to be disposed of are
 reported at the lower of the carrying amount or the fair value less
 cost to sell. The estimated fair value is based on the best
 information available under the circumstances
 including prices for
 similar assets or the results of valuation techniques
 including
 the present value of expected future cash flows using a discount
 rate commensurate with the risks involved.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Capitalized&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Internal-use&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;Software
 Costs.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;Capitalized&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;internal-use&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;software costs include
 external consulting fees and payroll-related costs for employees
 that are directly associated with
 and who devote time to
 the
 software projects during the application development stage.
 Capitalization begins when the planning stage is complete and the
 Company commits resources to the software project. Amortization of
 the asset commences when the software is placed into service. The
 Company amortizes&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;internal-use&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;software on a straight-line
 basis over the software&amp;#x2019;s estimated useful life.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;Other intangible assets
 include recipes
 customer relationships
&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-compete&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;agreements
 licensing
 agreements
 water and sewer usage permits and certain trade names
 and trademarks.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company tests recorded goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible
 assets for impairment at least annually. The Company&amp;#x2019;s policy
 is to perform the annual evaluation as of the end of the third
 quarter. Such tests are performed more frequently if events or
 changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not
 be recoverable. Indicators of impairment are reviewed on a
 quarterly basis to determine if an impairment test is required. In
 its goodwill impairment test
 the Company utilizes a&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;two-step&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;process. In the first step
 the fair value of the reporting unit is compared to its carrying
 value. If such fair value exceeds the carrying value
 the second
 step is not required. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit
 exceeds its fair value
 the second step is performed to determine
 the amount
 if any
 of impairment loss. In the second step
 the
 implied fair value of the goodwill is compared with its carrying
 amount
 and an impairment loss is recognized for the excess
 if the
 carrying amount of the goodwill exceeds its fair value. Annual
 goodwill impairment tests performed as of October&amp;#xA0;1
 2016
 October&amp;#xA0;3
 2015 and September&amp;#xA0;27
 2014 resulted in no
 impairment charges.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Indefinite-lived intangible assets other than goodwill are
 evaluated for impairment annually
 or more frequently
 when events
 or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may
 not be recoverable. If the carrying amount of the intangible asset
 exceeds its fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an
 amount equal to that excess. The fair values of trademarks and
 trade names are determined using a royalty rate method based on
 expected revenues by trademark or trade name. For Fiscal 2016
 the
 Company elected to perform a step zero evaluation of its
 indefinite-lived intangible assets
 which is a qualitative
 assessment. Factors considered by the Company in the qualitative
 assessment included financial performance as well as the result of
 the previous quantitative assessment performed in Fiscal 2014 in
 which the fair value of its indefinite-lived intangible assets
 exceeded its carrying amount by over 300%. The Company&amp;#x2019;s
 annual evaluations of indefinite-lived intangible assets revealed
 no impairment charges in Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 or Fiscal 2014.
 The Company also evaluated the useful lives of its indefinite-lived
 intangible assets and concluded that they continued to be
 appropriate.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014
 there were no
 indicators of impairment between the dates of the annual tests and
 the respective fiscal year-ends.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Intangible assets with finite lives are reviewed for impairment if
 changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not
 be recoverable. There were no indicators of impairment in Fiscal
 2016
 Fiscal 2015 or Fiscal 2014. Accordingly
 no impairment was
 recorded for those years. Intangible assets with finite lives are
 amortized over the estimated useful lives of such assets using
 either a method that is based on estimated future cash flows or on
 the straight-line basis.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Deferred Loan Origination Fees.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;Deferred loan origination fees
 associated with the Company&amp;#x2019;s revolving credit facility and
 long-term debt are amortized based on the term of the respective
 loan agreements. All amortization expense related to deferred loan
 origination fees is included in interest expense. In connection
 with refinancing transactions
 the Company evaluates debt on a
 creditor by creditor basis to assess whether the refinancing
 transaction results in a modification or an extinguishment with the
 issuance of new debt. Existing deferred loan origination fees are
 expensed or carried over and fees associated with the refinancing
 transaction are expensed or capitalized as appropriate.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;The Company records revenues
 from sales of its food products at the time that title and risk of
 loss transfers. Standard shipping terms for domestic customers are
 FOB destination point. Based on these terms
 title and risk of loss
 passes at the time the product is delivered to the customer. For
 the majority of the Company&amp;#x2019;s international customers
 shipping terms are FOB shipping point. Based on these terms
 title
 and risk of loss passes at the time the product departs from the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s plant or warehouse. Revenue is recognized as the
 net amount to be received by the Company after deductions for
 estimated discounts
 product returns
 and other allowances. These
 estimates are based on historical trends and expected future
 payments (see also&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Advertising and
 Promotions&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;below).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cost of Goods Sold.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;Cost of goods sold includes
 raw material costs
 packaging supply costs
 manufacturing labor and
 manufacturing overhead including depreciation expense.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Advertising and Promotions.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;Advertising costs are expensed
 as incurred and are included in Selling
 general and administrative
 expenses. Advertising expense for Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 and
 Fiscal 2014 was $2
182
 $1
523 and $986
 respectively. Promotional
 expenses associated with rebates
 marketing promotions
 and special
 pricing arrangements are recorded as a reduction of net sales at
 the time the sale is recorded. Certain of these expenses are
 estimated based on historical trends
 expected future payments to
 be made and expected future customer deductions to be taken under
 the respective programs. The Company believes that the estimates
 recorded
 including the liability under these programs recorded at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 are reasonable. Refer to &amp;#x201C;Accrued
 promotions and marketing&amp;#x201D; on the Company&amp;#x2019;s Consolidated
 Balance Sheet.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;USDA Commodity Program.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;The Company participates in
 the US Department of Agriculture (&amp;#x201C;USDA&amp;#x201D;) Commodity
 Reprocessing Program (the &amp;#x201C;USDA Commodity Program&amp;#x201D;)
 which provides food and nutrition assistance to schools. Under the
 provisions of the USDA Commodity Program
 the Company receives
 government donated raw materials
 which it processes into finished
 food products for sale to schools. The USDA Commodity Program
 provides that
 among other things
 the Company bears the risk of
 loss
 spoilage or obsolescence associated with donated raw
 materials as well as the risk of loss
 spoilage or obsolescence
 associated with the finished goods produced from the donated raw
 materials. Obligations under the USDA Commodity Program and the
 related inventory are recorded at the USDA stipulated value of the
 donated commodity raw materials at the date the Company takes
 possession of the raw materials. Upon delivery of finished product
 to qualifying school customers
 the inventory and associated
 liability are reduced or netted against each other. As a result
 revenues and cost of goods sold related to sales under the USDA
 Commodity Program are recorded exclusive of the value of the
 donated raw material product.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock-Based Compensation.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;The Company&amp;#x2019;s
 compensation structure includes a stock-based incentive program
 that allows for the issuance of stock options
 performance stock
 restricted stock and restricted stock units (&amp;#x201C;RSUs&amp;#x201D;).
 Compensation expense related to stock-based compensation is
 recorded in accordance with ASC&amp;#xA0;718
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Compensation&amp;#x2014;Stock Compensation.&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D; See
 Note&amp;#xA0;16.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Research and Development.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;Research and development costs
 are expensed as incurred. Such costs consist of employee-related
 costs
 supplies
 travel
 and production costs associated with
 product testing. These costs are included in Selling
 general and
 administrative expenses. Research and development expenses for
 Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014 was $8
946
 $6
551 and
 $5
991
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Distribution Expenses.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;Distribution costs are
 expensed as incurred. Such costs include warehousing
 fulfillment
 and freight.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Self-Insurance.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;The Company is self-insured
 for certain employee medical and workers&amp;#x2019; compensation
 benefits. The Company maintains stop-loss coverage in order to
 limit its exposure to such claims. Self-insurance expenses are
 accrued based on estimates of any significant level of the
 aggregate liability for uninsured claims incurred using historical
 claims experience.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxes.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;The provision or benefit for
 income taxes is determined using the asset and liability approach.
 Under this approach
 deferred income taxes represent the expected
 future tax consequences of temporary differences between the
 carrying amounts and tax basis of assets and liabilities. The
 Company records a valuation allowance to reduce its deferred tax
 assets to an amount that is more likely than not to be realized.
 The Company follows accounting guidance related to accounting for
 uncertainty in income taxes to record uncertainties and judgments
 in the application of complex tax regulations (refer to
 Note&amp;#xA0;11 for more information).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fair Value Accounting.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;The
 Company accounts for derivative financial instruments at fair
 value
 as required by ASC 820 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Fair Value
 Measurement&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D; (&amp;#x201C;ASC&amp;#xA0;820&amp;#x201D;). The Company
 did not elect the fair value option permitted by ASC
 825
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Financial
 Instruments&lt;/i&gt;
 whereby a company may choose to measure
 at fair
 value
 certain assets and liabilities that are not required to be
 reported at fair value.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Derivative Financial
 Instruments.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;From time to time
 the
 Company may hold derivative financial instruments
 including
 forward foreign currency exchange contracts and diesel and natural
 gas swap agreements. Such instruments are generally not entered
 into for trading purposes. Fair value changes of such instruments
 are generally recorded in other comprehensive income
 (&amp;#x201C;OCI&amp;#x201D;)
 if they are determined to be effective as
 hedges
 and deferred gains and losses are reclassified from OCI to
 earnings in the period in which the gains and losses from the
 underlying transactions are recognized into earnings
 including
 contract terminations. Changes in fair value that do not qualify
 for hedge accounting are immediately recognized into earnings.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Liabilities under Tax Receivable Agreement.&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;In connection with the
 IPO
 the Company entered into an income tax receivable agreement
 (&amp;#x201C;TRA&amp;#x201D;) with its&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;pre-IPO&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;stockholders that requires the
 Company to pay the&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;pre-IPO&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;stockholders 85% of any
 realized tax savings in US federal
 state
 local and foreign income
 tax that it actually realizes (or that it is deemed to realize) as
 a result of the utilization of tax attributes that originated
 during the&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;pre-IPO&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;period. Since this represents
 a transaction with shareholders
 the Company simultaneously
 recorded a reduction of additional paid in capital when it recorded
 the initial liability. Any changes to the liability due to early
 termination or acceleration will be recorded in additional paid in
 capital. Any increases or decreases to the liability that are due
 to new or changed circumstances (such as changes in tax rates or
 significant disallowed deductions) will be recorded to&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-operating&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;income or expenses.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Contingent Consideration.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;As discussed in Note&amp;#xA0;4
 as part of the consideration for an acquisition made in Fiscal
 2015
 the Company agreed to make certain future payments to the
 seller based on the achievement of certain volumes. As a result
 the Company recorded a liability related to such contingent
 consideration. Since the Company believed that the minimum volumes
 included in the agreement would be achieved or exceeded
 the fair
 value of the liability recorded was based on the net present value
 of the maximum payment amount included in the agreement.
 Periodically
 the underlying assumptions are evaluated and the fair
 value of such contingent consideration is adjusted
 as necessary.
 Any changes are recognized in earnings
 pursuant to ASC 805
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Business Combinations&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D;
 (&amp;#x201C;ASC&amp;#xA0;805&amp;#x201D;). Payments by the Company are required
 based on the achievement of certain minimum volumes.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;New Accounting Pronouncements.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Pronouncements adopted by the Company&lt;/i&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In March&amp;#xA0;2016
 the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update
 (&amp;#x201C;ASU&amp;#x201D;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2016-09
&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Improvements to
 Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D; The new
 guidance simplifies the accounting for share-based payment
 transactions
 including the income tax consequences
 classification
 of awards as either equity or liability
 and classification on the
 statement of cash flows. This guidance was effective for the
 Company on January&amp;#xA0;1
 2017 and is not expected to materially
 impact the financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2015-11
&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Simplifying the
 Measurement of Inventory&lt;/i&gt;
&amp;#x201D; which requires entities to
 measure most inventory &amp;#x201C;at the lower of cost and net
 realizable value
&amp;#x201D; thereby simplifying the current guidance
 under which an entity must measure inventory at the lower of cost
 or market. The ASU does not apply to inventories that are measured
 using either the&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;last-in
&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;first-out&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;(LIFO) method or the Retail
 inventory method. The updated guidance was effective for the
 Company on January&amp;#xA0;1
 2017 and is not expected to materially
 impact the financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In April&amp;#xA0;2015
 the FASB issued ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2015-03
&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Simplifying the
 Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#x201D; The new guidance
 changed the presentation of debt issuance costs in financial
 statements. Under the ASU
 an entity is now required to present
 such costs in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the
 related debt rather than as an asset. Amortization of the debt
 issuance costs continues to be reported as interest expense. The
 updated guidance was effective for annual reporting periods
 beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2015
 including interim periods
 within that reporting period.&amp;#xA0;The Company adopted the guidance
 in the first quarter of Fiscal 2016.&amp;#xA0;The impact resulted in
 reductions of long-term assets and long-term debt of $11
638 and
 $11
071 as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Pronouncements under consideration by the Company.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In January 2017
 the FASB issued ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-04
&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Intangibles-Goodwill and
 Other (Topic 350)
 Simplifying the Test for Goodwill
 Impairment&lt;/i&gt;.&lt;i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;The guidance eliminates
 the requirement to calculate the implied fair value of goodwill
 (i.e.
 Step 2 of the current goodwill impairment test) to measure a
 goodwill impairment charge. Instead
 entities are to record an
 impairment charge based on the excess of a reporting unit&amp;#x2019;s
 carrying amount over its fair value (i.e. measure the charge based
 on the current Step 1). The revised guidance is to be applied
 prospectively
 and is effective for calendar&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;year-end&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;SEC filers in 2020. Early
 adoption is permitted for any impairment tests performed after
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2017. The new guidance is not expected to have a
 material impact on the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In January 2017
 the FASB issued ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-01
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#xA0;Business Combinations
 (Topic 805): Clarifying the Definition of a Business&lt;/i&gt;. The ASU
 clarifies the definition of a business and provides guidance to
 assist entities in determining whether transactions should be
 accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or whether
 they should be accounted for as acquisitions or disposals of a
 businesses. To be considered a business under the guidance
 there
 needs to be an input and a substantive process that together
 significantly contribute to the ability to create output. The ASU
 removes the requirement to consider whether a market participant
 could replace missing elements. The amendments are effective for
 the Company on January&amp;#xA0;1
 2018
 and is to be applied
 prospectively. The provisions of this ASU will need to be applied
 to future acquisitions or dispositions
 but is not expected to have
 a material impact on the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In October&amp;#xA0;2016
 the FASB issued ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-16
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#xA0;Income Taxes (Topic
 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than
 Inventory.&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;The
 new guidance requires the recognition of the tax consequences of
 intercompany asset transfers other than inventory when the transfer
 occurs. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods
 beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2017
 including interim reporting
 periods within those annual reporting periods. Early adoption is
 permitted as of the beginning of an annual reporting period and
 will require a modified retrospective adoption. The Company is in
 the process of evaluating this guidance.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In August&amp;#xA0;2016
 the FASB issued ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-15
&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Classification of
 Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#x201D; The new
 guidance was issued to reduce diversity in practice with respect to
 the presentation and classification of certain cash receipts and
 payments in the statement of cash flows under Topic
 230
&lt;i&gt;&amp;#xA0;Statement
 of Cash Flows&lt;/i&gt;
 and other Topics. The update addresses eight
 specific cash flow issues
 including presentation of certain debt
 issuance costs
 proceeds from settlement of insurance claims and
 contingent consideration entered into in connection with
 acquisitions. The amendments are effective for the Company in
 fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2017
 and interim
 periods within those fiscal years and will require retrospective
 adoption for all periods presented. An entity that elects early
 adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. The
 Company is in the process of evaluating this guidance.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2016-02
&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;Leases (Topic
 842).&amp;#x201D; The new guidance will require lessees to recognize the
 assets and liabilities that arise from leases in the balance sheet
 including operating leases. The updated guidance will be effective
 for fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2018
 including
 interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is
 permitted. The Company is in the process of evaluating this
 guidance.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2014-09
&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from
 Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#x201D;&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;ASU&amp;#xA0;2014-09&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;outlines a new
 single
 comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue
 arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current
 revenue recognition guidance. This new revenue recognition model
 provides a five-step analysis in determining when and how revenue
 is recognized. The new model will require revenue recognition to
 depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in
 an amount that reflects the consideration a company expects to
 receive in exchange for those goods or services. ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2014-09
&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;as amended in August 2015
 is
 effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2017
 and early adoption is
 permitted. The Company is continuing to assess the impact of
 ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2014-09&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;on its financial statements
 and
 based on the progress to date
 does not expect the adoption to
 have a material impact on the timing of its revenue
 recognition.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 Development.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&amp;#xA0;Research
 and development costs are expensed as incurred. Such costs consist
 of employee-related costs
 supplies
 travel
 and production costs
 associated with product testing. These costs are included in
 Selling
 general and administrative expenses. Research and
 development expenses for Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014
 was $8
946
 $6
551 and $5
991


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Amounts related to debt refinancing consist of:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=83%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Non-cash&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;write-off&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;of deferred loan fees and
 original issue discount related to debt extinguishments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
084&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Prepayment premium on term loans&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
518&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Original issue discount &amp;#x2013; retirement of term
 loans&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14
230&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 Expenses.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&amp;#xA0;Distribution
 costs are expensed as incurred. Such costs include warehousing


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;21. QUARTERLY RESULTS (unaudited)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following summarizes the Company&amp;#x2019;s Fiscal 2016 quarterly
 financial data (net income for the fiscal quarter ended
 July&amp;#xA0;2
 2016 was impacted by the valuation allowance released
 in Fiscal 2016
 $56
496 of which was released during the quarter -
 see Note&amp;#xA0;11):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=48%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Quarter Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;April&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;July&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;October&amp;#xA0;1
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;13 Weeks&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;13 Weeks&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;13 Weeks&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;13 Weeks&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;394
495&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;370
687&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;393
654&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;409
423&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100
191&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100
935&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;105
426&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;116
544&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
564&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;64
134&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
445&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
145&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Net income per common share&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.97&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.29&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.42&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted&amp;#xA0;average&amp;#xA0;shares&amp;#xA0;outstanding&amp;#x2014;Basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;66
025
281&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65
836
860&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;74
878
851&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;77
664
944&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.96&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.29&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.42&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted&amp;#xA0;average&amp;#xA0;shares&amp;#xA0;outstanding&amp;#x2014;Diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;66
880
841&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;66
837
810&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;74
878
851&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;77
667
330&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following summarizes the Company&amp;#x2019;s Fiscal 2015 quarterly
 financial data:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=48%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Quarter Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;April&amp;#xA0;4
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;July&amp;#xA0;4
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;October&amp;#xA0;3
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;13 Weeks&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;13 Weeks&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;13 Weeks&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;13 Weeks&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;426
509&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;391
878&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;407
170&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;386
054&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;87
154&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;83
814&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;87
718&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;95
688&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
529&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
260&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
635&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
687&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Net income per common share&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.16&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.03&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.19&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted&amp;#xA0;average&amp;#xA0;shares&amp;#xA0;outstanding&amp;#x2014;Basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65
145
051&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65
269
159&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65
334
001&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65
653
641&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.16&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.03&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.19&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted&amp;#xA0;average&amp;#xA0;shares&amp;#xA0;outstanding&amp;#x2014;Diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;66
258
254&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;66
617
909&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;66
847
945&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;66
557
204&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Accounts receivable consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trade accounts receivable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;77
092&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;72
161&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other receivables&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
516&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
577&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserves for sales returns and uncollectible accounts
 receivable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
150&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
120&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;82
458&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;82
618&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;20. SEGMENT INFORMATION&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company operates in four reportable segments: Foodservice
 Retail
 Convenience and Industrial.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Foodservice segment supplies the diverse US
 &amp;#x201C;food-away-from-home&amp;#x201D; industry.&amp;#xA0;The Foodservice
 customers include leading national and regional distributors with
 whom the Company has long-standing and collaborative
 relationships.&amp;#xA0;The Company also supplies 95 of the largest 100
 school districts in the U.S.
 working closely with schools to
 develop nutritious meal options of good quality and value. The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s diverse portfolio of products includes&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;ready-to-eat&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;sandwiches (such as breakfast
 sandwiches and PB&amp;amp;J sandwiches)
 sandwich components (such as
 Philly steaks and flame-grilled hamburger patties)
 and other
 entr&amp;#xE9;es and snacks (such as country-fried steak
 stuffed
 entr&amp;#xE9;es and chicken tenders).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Retail segment supplies national and regional grocery chains
 major warehouse club stores
 mass retailers and dollar stores. The
 Company sells both branded and private label&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;ready-to-eat&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;sandwiches (such as grilled
 chicken sandwiches and stuffed pockets)
 sandwich components (such
 as chicken patties and Philly steaks) and other entr&amp;#xE9;es and
 snacks (such as stuffed chicken breasts).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Customers in the Company&amp;#x2019;s Convenience segment include
 national and regional convenience chains and vending providers. In
 the Convenience segment
 the Company sells customized&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;ready-to-eat&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;sandwiches (such as breakfast
 sandwiches and burgers)
 sandwich components (such as chicken
 patties) and other entr&amp;#xE9;es and snacks (such as cinnamon dough
 bites).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Industrial segment primarily supplies other food producers
 such as packaged food companies under short-term&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;co-manufacturing&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;agreements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Segment performance is evaluated by the Company&amp;#x2019;s chief
 operating decision maker (&amp;#x201C;CODM&amp;#x201D;) and is based on net
 sales and operating income. Unallocated corporate income (expenses)
 primarily relate to executive management
 finance and legal
 functions and refinancing related charges.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following summarizes the Company&amp;#x2019;s net sales and
 operating income by reportable segment:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=57%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foodservice&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;849
933&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;886
095&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;829
563&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Retail&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;409
612&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;395
941&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;399
621&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Convenience&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;229
837&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;201
845&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;159
659&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Industrial&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;78
877&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;127
730&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;188
784&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
568
259&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
611
611&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
577
627&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foodservice&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;168
266&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;134
287&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;70
592&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Retail&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
331&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
543&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
488&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Convenience&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
925&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
776&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
230&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Industrial&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
080&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
767&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
998&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unallocated&amp;#xA0;corporate&amp;#xA0;expenses
&amp;#xA0;net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(64
609&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(44
966&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(28
229&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;183
993&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;150
407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;76
079&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company manages assets on a total company basis
 not by
 operating segment.&amp;#xA0;Its CODM does not regularly review any
 asset information by operating segment and
 accordingly
 the
 Company does not report asset information by operating
 segment.&amp;#xA0;Total assets were approximately $1
247
011 and
 $1
096
159 at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Net sales by product category were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=55%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Sandwiches&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;474
085&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;455
107&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;412
009&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Sandwich&amp;#xA0;components&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;572
646&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;630
928&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;610
780&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&amp;#xA0;entr&amp;#xE9;es&amp;#xA0;and&amp;#xA0;snacks&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;521
528&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;525
576&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;554
838&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
568
259&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
611
611&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
577
627&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 18pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;15. RESTRUCTURING AND OTHER EXPENSE
 NET&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Over the past three years
 the Company has initiated a number of
 restructuring programs
 including initiatives to integrate acquired
 businesses
 to improve the efficiency of its manufacturing and
 distribution network
 to consolidate certain activities and to
 reorganize its management structure. Expenses related to such
 initiatives were minimal in Fiscal 2016 as they were substantially
 complete during Fiscal 2015.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 18pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fiscal 2015 Initiatives&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In connection with the integration of Landshire and Better Bakery
 in Fiscal 2015
 the Company incurred expenses of $1
887
 of which
 $927 related primarily to the reconfiguration of production lines
 and associated ramp up inefficiencies
 and was charged to gross
 profit. The remainder of $960
 which was charged to operating
 income/expense
 represented travel
 meals
 legal and professional
 fees
 facility closing costs and related severance.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Restructuring expenses charged against gross profit in Fiscal 2015
 also included $1
191 that was related to the reconfiguration of its
 production lines at its Portland
 Maine manufacturing facility.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fiscal 2013 Initiatives&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Certain expenses related to various initiatives undertaken in
 fiscal year 2013 to improve commercial effectiveness and reduce
 operating costs continued into Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014 and
 to
 a lesser extent
 into Fiscal 2016. Such initiatives included the
 following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=4%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The consolidation of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s business unit leadership and shared services teams
 in its Cincinnati
 Ohio area facilities along with the closure of
 an administrative office previously located in Edmond
 Oklahoma;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=4%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The reorganization of its senior
 leadership team; and&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=4%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The implementation of staffing
 reductions and certain facility closures in its manufacturing
 logistics and commercial operations.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table summarizes the classification of restructuring
 costs in the consolidated statements of operations:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=54%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gross&lt;br /&gt;
 Profit&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Operating&lt;br /&gt;
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gross&lt;br /&gt;
 Profit&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Operating&lt;br /&gt;
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gross&lt;br /&gt;
 Profit&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Operating&lt;br /&gt;
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Initiatives prior to 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;432&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2013 initiatives&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;143&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;374&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
288&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
614&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
228&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015 initiatives&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(23&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
118&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;960&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Totals&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;120&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
492&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
248&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
046&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
265&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 None of the restructuring charges were directly attributable to any
 of the Company&amp;#x2019;s reportable segments.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table summarizes the activity for liabilities related
 to restructuring charges. The balance at January 2
 2016 was
 reflected in accrued liabilities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=83%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
352&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accruals&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
311&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Payments
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
096&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at January&amp;#xA0;3
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;567&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accruals&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
740&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Payments
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
811&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;496&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accruals&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;120&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Payments
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(616&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Other expense
 net for Fiscal 2016 consisted primarily of the
 $9
000 success fee paid to Oaktree
 in connection with the IPO
 and
 approximately $5
000 related to certain public filing expenses and
 certain merger and acquisition expenses. Other expenses
 net for
 Fiscal 2015 consisted primarily of professional fees associated
 with merger and acquisition activity
 and costs associated with a
 recall of stuffed chicken breasts (refer to Note&amp;#xA0;5).&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following is a reconciliation between the reported income tax
 (benefit) provision and the income tax provision based on applying
 the federal statutory rate to the Company&amp;#x2019;s pretax
 income:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=53%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Percent&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;of&amp;#xA0;Pre-tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Percent&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;of&amp;#xA0;Pre-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;tax&lt;br /&gt;
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Percent&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;of&amp;#xA0;Pre-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;tax&lt;br /&gt;
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income tax provision (benefit) computed at statutory rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
754&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
109&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
344&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Permanent book/tax difference:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock-based compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
259&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
501&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;67&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Merger
 acquisition and&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;IPO-related&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
439&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other permanent differences&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;220&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;199&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;205&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State and local income tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
019&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
814&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
021&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(109
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(138.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(15
812&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(34.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
545&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(103.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(63&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income tax (benefit) provision&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(56
990&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(71.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
919&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
389&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(28.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following summarizes the Company&amp;#x2019;s net sales and
 operating income by reportable segment:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=57%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foodservice&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;849
933&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;886
095&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;829
563&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Retail&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;409
612&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;395
941&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;399
621&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Convenience&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;229
837&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;201
845&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;159
659&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Industrial&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;78
877&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;127
730&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;188
784&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
568
259&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
611
611&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
577
627&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foodservice&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;168
266&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;134
287&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;70
592&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Retail&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
331&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
543&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
488&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Convenience&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
925&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
776&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
230&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Industrial&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
080&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
767&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
998&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unallocated&amp;#xA0;corporate&amp;#xA0;expenses
&amp;#xA0;net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(64
609&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(44
966&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(28
229&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;183
993&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;150
407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;76
079&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 Compensation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&amp;#xA0;The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s compensation structure includes a stock-based
 incentive program that allows for the issuance of stock options
 performance stock
 restricted stock and restricted stock units
 (&amp;#x201C;RSUs&amp;#x201D;). Compensation expense related to stock-based
 compensation is recorded in accordance with ASC&amp;#xA0;718
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;Compensation&amp;#x2014;Stock
 Compensation.&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D;

  

 Recognition.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&amp;#xA0;The
 Company records revenues from sales of its food products at the
 time that title and risk of loss transfers. Standard shipping terms
 for domestic customers are FOB destination point. Based on these
 terms
 title and risk of loss passes at the time the product is
 delivered to the customer. For the majority of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 international customers
 shipping terms are FOB shipping point.
 Based on these terms
 title and risk of loss passes at the time the
 product departs from the Company&amp;#x2019;s plant or warehouse.
 Revenue is recognized as the net amount to be received by the
 Company after deductions for estimated discounts
 product returns
 and other allowances. These estimates are based on historical
 trends and expected future payments (see also&amp;#xA0;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;Advertising


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 At December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 expected future amortization expense for
 other intangibles was as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 38.85pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amortization&lt;br /&gt;
 Expense&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
217&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
441&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
173&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
595&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
833&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86
184&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;212
443&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Additional information relating to the RSU awards follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Grant&amp;#xA0;Date&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Fair&amp;#xA0;value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;per&amp;#xA0;Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Unvested RSUs:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at beginning of fiscal year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;827
983&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.69&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
948&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.69&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
626&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.69&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at end of fiscal year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;820
409&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.69&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;RSUs Expected to vest&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;769
352&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.69&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Vested RSUs:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at beginning of fiscal year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
948&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.69&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at end of fiscal year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
948&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.69&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Information regarding supplemental cash flow disclosures is
 presented in the table below:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;3
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;52 Weeks&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;52 Weeks&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;53 Weeks&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash paid (received) during the period for:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;89
519&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;94
928&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;94
681&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income taxes
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
830&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
850&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(59&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Significant&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-cash&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;transactions:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Liabilities under tax receivable agreement (primarily due to
 related parties)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;254
155&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts payable for construction in progress&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
325&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
982&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
358&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Insurance premiums financed&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
266&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
288&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Capital leases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;305&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;839&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Common stock surrendered to retire stockholder notes receivable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;476&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table summarizes the classification of restructuring
 costs in the consolidated statements of operations:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=54%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gross&lt;br /&gt;
 Profit&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Operating&lt;br /&gt;
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gross&lt;br /&gt;
 Profit&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Operating&lt;br /&gt;
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gross&lt;br /&gt;
 Profit&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Operating&lt;br /&gt;
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Initiatives prior to 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;432&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2013 initiatives&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;143&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;374&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
288&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
614&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
228&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015 initiatives&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(23&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
118&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;960&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Totals&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;120&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
492&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
248&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
046&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
265&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;18. TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Prior to July&amp;#xA0;20
 2016
 Oaktree provided certain management
 advisory and consulting services to the Company pursuant to a
 Management Services Agreement that became effective on
 September&amp;#xA0;30
 2010. Oaktree is the management company for
 OCM.&amp;#xA0;Maine also provided certain management
 advisory and
 consulting services to the Company pursuant to a Management
 Services Agreement that became effective on September&amp;#xA0;30
 2010
 but the agreement with Maine was terminated on
 September&amp;#xA0;30
 2015.&amp;#xA0;Maine is controlled by certain
 minority owners of the Company.&amp;#xA0;In consideration for the
 services provided
 the Company was required to pay a quarterly
 management fee of $750
 in advance
 to both Oaktree and
 Maine.&amp;#xA0;The Company was also required to reimburse Oaktree and
 Maine for certain&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;out-of-pocket&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;expenses incurred with respect
 to the performance of services.&amp;#xA0;With respect to the agreement
 with Oaktree
 the Company recorded expenses of $5
214
 $11
566 and
 $13
111
 in Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014
 respectively
 for fees and&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;out-of-pocket&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;expenses. Similar expenses
 recorded for Maine in Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014
 were $2
250 and
 $3
000
 respectively. Such expenses are included in Selling
 general and administrative expenses.&amp;#xA0;The Company also paid
 Oaktree an aggregate success fee of $9
000 on July&amp;#xA0;20
 2016
 pursuant to the Management Services Agreement which required
 payment in an amount equal to three times the annual management fee
 in the event of consummation of an IPO of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 equity securities or equity interests or a sale of all or
 substantially all of the Company&amp;#x2019;s assets.&amp;#xA0;The
 Management Services Agreement with Oaktree was terminated effective
 July&amp;#xA0;20
 2016 in connection with the IPO.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 As discussed in Note 3
 on July&amp;#xA0;20
 2016
 the Company entered
 into a TRA with its&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;pre-IPO&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;stockholders
 including
 affiliates of Oaktree
 Maine
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s management team
 and its board members. Substantially all of the liabilities due
 under the TRA is considered to be due from related parties
 and is
 therefore disclosed as primarily due from related parties in the
 accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 As discussed in Note 10
 on December&amp;#xA0;7
 2016
 the Company
 issued the Senior Unsecured Notes. Amounts due to Oaktree and its
 affiliates are disclosed as related party amounts in the
 accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016. Interest expense recorded in Fiscal 2016 and accrued at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 with respect to the Senior Unsecured Notes
 held by Oaktree and its affiliates was $147.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 At December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 Oaktree and its affiliates held $26
320
 of the carrying value of the 2016 First Lien Term Loan. At
 January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016
 Oaktree and its affiliates held $31
495 of
 the carrying value of the 2012 Second Lien Term Loan.&amp;#xA0;Interest
 accrued and not paid to Oaktree and its affiliates was $6 and $692
 as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016
 respectively
 and is included in accrued interest in the
 accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.&amp;#xA0;Interest expense
 recorded with respect to such related party debt was $2
407 for
 Fiscal 2016. Interest expense on debt held by Oaktree and its
 affiliates in Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014 was $3
074 and $3
133
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Written procedures adopted by the Company and its Audit Committee
 currently restrict and govern related party
 transactions.&amp;#xA0;Pursuant to those procedures
 related party
 transactions require review by the Company&amp;#x2019;s general counsel
 and certain related party transactions require&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;pre-approval&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;by the Audit Committee before
 such transactions can be binding.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;24. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On January&amp;#xA0;24
 2017
 the Company completed a secondary public
 offering in which certain funds managed by Oaktree and certain
 members of management sold 14
375
000 shares of common stock at a
 price of $27.00 per share
 including 1
875
000 shares purchased by
 the underwriters who fully exercised their option to purchase such
 shares. The Company received no proceeds from such offering but
 incurred fees of $850 ($508 in Fiscal 2016 and $342 in Fiscal
 2017). Proceeds of $373
570
 net of underwriting fees
 were
 received by the selling stockholders. As a result of such secondary
 offering
 the Company ceased being a &amp;#x201C;controlled
 company&amp;#x201D; within the meaning of the corporate governance
 standards of the New York Stock Exchange.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The effects of derivative instruments on the consolidated
 statements of operations for Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014 are as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gain (loss)&amp;#xA0;&lt;br /&gt;
 Recognized&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;in OCI&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Loss&amp;#xA0;Reclassified&lt;br /&gt;
 from&amp;#xA0;AOCI&amp;#xA0;into&amp;#xA0;Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Diesel fuel swap&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
002&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
002&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
946&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(64&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Natural gas swap&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;292&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(292&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(427&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(87&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
294&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
294&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
373&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(151&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The net purchase prices were allocated to assets acquired and
 liabilities assumed based on estimated fair values at the date of
 each acquisition. The allocation of the purchase price for the
 three acquisitions were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Allied&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Landshire&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Better&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Bakery&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
184&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
763&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
704&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
821&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
037&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
115&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other intangibles:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;(15-year&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;estimated useful life)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20
800&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
400&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Allied trade name&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;(20-year&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;weighted average life)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Landshire trade names and trademarks&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;(19-year&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;weighted average lives)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Better Bakery trade names and trademarks&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;(17-year&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;weighted average lives)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Non-compete&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;agreements (useful lives of
 between 3 and 5 years)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
110&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;700&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;400&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
685&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
506&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
940&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13
958&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Assumed liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
115&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(561&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
228&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net assets acquired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;62
319&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60
845&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 A summary of the Fiscal 2016 awards of RSUs and stock options were
 as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=59%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 150.85pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Awards Granted During the Quarter Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Awards&lt;br /&gt;
 Granted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&amp;#xA0;Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&amp;#xA0;on&amp;#xA0;Date&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Grant&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;RSUs:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 October&amp;#xA0;1
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;240
843&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.69&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;587
140&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Stock Options:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 October&amp;#xA0;1
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;648
301&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.74&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
960&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.91&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The purchase price for each acquisition consisted of the
 following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Allied&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Landshire&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Better&lt;br /&gt;
 Bakery&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;62
319&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41
552&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other accrued liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
293&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Purchase price&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;62
319&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60
845&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 Consideration.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&amp;#xA0;As
 discussed in Note&amp;#xA0;4
 as part of the consideration for an
 acquisition made in Fiscal 2015
 the Company agreed to make certain
 future payments to the seller based on the achievement of certain
 volumes. As a result
 the Company recorded a liability related to
 such contingent consideration. Since the Company believed that the
 minimum volumes included in the agreement would be achieved or
 exceeded
 the fair value of the liability recorded was based on the
 net present value of the maximum payment amount included in the
 agreement. Periodically
 the underlying assumptions are evaluated
 and the fair value of such contingent consideration is adjusted
 as
 necessary. Any changes are recognized in earnings
 pursuant to ASC
 805 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;Business
 Combinations&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D;
 (&amp;#x201C;ASC&amp;#xA0;805&amp;#x201D;). Payments by the Company are required


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated net sales and net income for
 Fiscal 2016 and Fiscal 2015 included the following amounts for
 Allied (acquired November&amp;#xA0;7
 2016) for Better Bakery (acquired
 April&amp;#xA0;24
 2015) and Landshire (acquired January&amp;#xA0;30
 2015)
 for the periods between the acquisition date and the end of the
 applicable fiscal year:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=59%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Allied&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Landshire&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Better&amp;#xA0;Bakery&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
938&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40
646&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
220&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;368&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
768&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(148&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The table below reflects recent restricted stock activity as well
 as other information related to awards of restricted stock that
 were granted under the Equity Incentive Plan. Restricted stock
 granted under the Equity Incentive Plan generally vests over a
 three- or four-year period on a graded-vesting basis with equal
 proportions of the shares vesting at the annual anniversary date of
 the grant in each of the three or four years in the vesting
 period.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=39%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Grant&amp;#xA0;Date&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair Value&lt;br /&gt;
 per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Grant&amp;#xA0;Date&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair Value&lt;br /&gt;
 per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Grant&amp;#xA0;Date&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair Value&lt;br /&gt;
 per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Unvested Restricted Shares&lt;/b&gt;:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at beginning of fiscal year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
625
477&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
247
565&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.22&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
851
824&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.42&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;237
049&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;779
154&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.09&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;505
460&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.01&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
212
472&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.73&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
228
646&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.43&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
060
406&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(98
543&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.01&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(172
596&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.01&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49
313&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.01&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at end of fiscal year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;551
511&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.99&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
625
477&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
247
565&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.22&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Vested Restricted Shares&lt;/b&gt;:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at beginning of fiscal year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
913
207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.72&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
857
157&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.85&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
186
968&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.81&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
212
472&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.73&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
228
646&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.43&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
060
406&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Repurchased&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(259
249&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.51&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(172
596&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.01&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(390
217&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.30&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at end of fiscal year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
866
430&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.05&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
913
207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.72&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
857
157&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.85&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The activity in the recall receivable account was as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance
 beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
398&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Claim additions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
535&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
794&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Self-insurance retention&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Payments received&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
604&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
396&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance
 end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
329&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
398&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table summarizes the activity for liabilities related
 to restructuring charges. The balance at January 2
 2016 was
 reflected in accrued liabilities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=83%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at December&amp;#xA0;28
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
352&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accruals&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
311&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Payments
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
096&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at January&amp;#xA0;3
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;567&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accruals&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
740&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Payments
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
811&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;496&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accruals&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;120&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Payments
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(616&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Interest on borrowings under the 2016 First Lien Term Loan varies
 based on either LIBOR or a bank base rate
 plus a margin as set
 forth in the following table:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Total&amp;#xA0;Net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 52.2pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Leverage&amp;#xA0;Ratio&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;LIBOR&lt;br /&gt;
 Loans&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Bank&amp;#xA0;Base&lt;br /&gt;
 Rate&amp;#xA0;Loans&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less than or equal to 4.00:1.00&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Greater than 4.00:1.00&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;3. TAX RECEIVABLE AGREEMENT&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 As discussed in Note 2
 in connection with the IPO
 the Company
 entered into a TRA with its&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;pre-IPO&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;stockholders Such tax savings
 or tax attributes relate to&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;pre-IPO&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;net operating losses
 (&amp;#x201C;NOLs&amp;#x201D;)
 alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards
 (including alternative minimum tax credits that arise after the IPO
 as a result of limitations on the use of NOLs under the alternative
 minimum tax) and tax basis (including depreciation and amortization
 deductions). On the TRA&amp;#x2019;s effective date of July&amp;#xA0;20
 2016
 the Company recorded an initial obligation of $254
155 and
 since this represents a transaction with the shareholders at that
 time
 the Company simultaneously recorded a reduction of additional
 paid in capital.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The liability at July&amp;#xA0;20
 2016 was determined by comparing the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s expected tax liability if the&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;pre-IPO&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;tax attributes are utilized
 with the expected tax liability if those&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;pre-IPO&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;tax attributes are not
 utilized.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The estimate of this liability was based on the tax attributes
 available after the Company&amp;#x2019;s 2015 tax return and tax
 attributes generated between January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016 and July&amp;#xA0;19
 2016 along with projections of pretax income. Certain assumptions
 were made regarding the projected use of the tax attributes
 including NOLs. The use of different assumptions and/or estimates
 could have a material effect on the estimated liability. The
 liability
 timing and/or payments of amounts due under the TRA will
 vary depending on a number of factors
 including the amount and
 timing of&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;pre-tax&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;income that the Company
 generates and the applicable tax rates.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Payments under the TRA
 along with interest
 are due annually
 after the Company files its federal tax return. Interest on the
 amounts due under the TRA will accrue from April&amp;#xA0;17 of each
 year until the payment is made and will be based on LIBOR plus 200
 basis points. Based on the date that the Company expects to file
 its tax returns
 the Company expects to make each annual payment in
 the fourth quarter of each year.&amp;#xA0;Payments under the TRA will
 continue until all&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;pre-IPO&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;tax attributes are utilized or
 expired unless the company exercises its right to terminate the TRA
 earlier or if termination is triggered as would occur if there were
 to be a change of control
 as defined in the TRA. In the case of a
 voluntary early termination election by the Company or a change of
 control
 the Company would be required to make a lump sum payment
 equal to the present value of expected future payments
 which would
 be based on certain assumptions.&amp;#xA0;In certain other cases
 such
 as the sale of any of the Company&amp;#x2019;s subsidiaries in a
 transaction that is not a change of control
 the Company would be
 required to make a lump sum payment equal to the present value of
 future payments under the TRA attributable to that subsidiary.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company expects to make the first payment in the fourth quarter
 of Fiscal 2017 and has therefore classified the estimated amount of
 $35
793 as current. Interest will accrue on this amount at LIBOR
 plus 2% between April&amp;#xA0;17
 2017 and the date of payment.&lt;/p&gt;


 Fees.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&amp;#xA0;Deferred
 loan origination fees associated with the Company&amp;#x2019;s revolving
 credit facility and long-term debt are amortized based on the term
 of the respective loan agreements. All amortization expense related
 to deferred loan origination fees is included in interest expense.
 In connection with refinancing transactions
 the Company evaluates
 debt on a creditor by creditor basis to assess whether the
 refinancing transaction results in a modification or an
 extinguishment with the issuance of new debt. Existing deferred
 loan origination fees are expensed or carried over and fees
 associated with the refinancing transaction are expensed or

  
  
  

 Agreement.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;In
 connection with the IPO
 the Company entered into an income tax
 receivable agreement (&amp;#x201C;TRA&amp;#x201D;) with its&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: nowrap; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;pre-IPO&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;stockholders
 that requires the Company to pay the&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: nowrap; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;pre-IPO&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;stockholders
 85% of any realized tax savings in US federal
 state
 local and
 foreign income tax that it actually realizes (or that it is deemed
 to realize) as a result of the utilization of tax attributes that
 originated during the&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: nowrap; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;pre-IPO&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;period.
 Since this represents a transaction with shareholders
 the Company
 simultaneously recorded a reduction of additional paid in capital
 when it recorded the initial liability. Any changes to the
 liability due to early termination or acceleration will be recorded
 in additional paid in capital. Any increases or decreases to the
 liability that are due to new or changed circumstances (such as
 changes in tax rates or significant disallowed deductions) will be
 recorded to&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: nowrap; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;non-operating&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;income

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;16. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION AND EMPLOYEE BENEFITS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock-based Compensation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Effective January&amp;#xA0;15
 2009
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s board of
 directors adopted the Equity Incentive Plan for the purpose of
 providing additional incentives to selected employees
 directors
 and consultants whose contributions are considered essential to the
 growth and success of its business. The Equity Incentive Plan
 provides for the grant of stock options
 share appreciation rights
 restricted stock
 RSUs
 deferred shares
 performance shares
 unrestricted shares
 other share-based awards or any combination of
 the foregoing. Awards under the Equity Incentive Plan
 as amended
 on July&amp;#xA0;20
 2016 and August&amp;#xA0;18
 2016
 are limited to
 16
562
730&amp;#xA0;shares of the Company&amp;#x2019;s common stock
 subject
 to adjustment as provided for in the Equity Incentive Plan
 document. The Equity Incentive Plan provides for board of
 directors&amp;#x2019; discretion in determining vesting periods
 contractual lives and stock option exercise prices for each award
 issuance under the Equity Incentive Plan. The amendment on
 July&amp;#xA0;20
 2016 provided for the increase in the maximum grants
 allowed to 16
562
730 shares
 and the amendment on August&amp;#xA0;18
 2016 effected the name change to the Equity Incentive Plan that is
 disclosed in Note 12.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Restricted Stock&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Prior to July&amp;#xA0;20
 2016
 the only awards issued under the
 Equity Incentive Plan were restricted stock
 and
 pursuant to the
 First Amended and Restated Stockholders&amp;#x2019; Agreement by and
 among the Company and its stockholders and the individual award
 agreements
 transfers of such awards were&amp;#xA0;restricted. In
 addition
 prior to July&amp;#xA0;20
 2016
 such restricted stock
 provided the Company with the right
 but not the obligation to
 repurchase all or any portion of the vested equity interests in the
 event that the awardee&amp;#x2019;s employment was terminated for any
 reason. The purchase price that the Company paid for the restricted
 stock was based on a valuation made in good faith by its board of
 directors.&amp;#xA0;Since the Company had previously exercised this
 right in every instance of employment termination
 the awardees did
 not bear the risks and rewards of ownership. Therefore
 the Company
 determined that liability classification of these awards was
 appropriate until the point that the shares had been vested for six
 months
 a sufficient period of time to allow the holder to fully
 bear the risks and rewards of ownership. If the employee remained
 with the Company after the six month period
 the award was
 reclassified from liabilities to equity. In connection with the
 IPO
 The First Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement was
 terminated.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Under liability classification
 the Company was required to
 recognize a liability based on the stock award&amp;#x2019;s fair value
 at each reporting date with reference to its vesting
 schedule.&amp;#xA0;The liability recognized at July&amp;#xA0;2
 2016 and
 January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016 were based on fair values of $17.65 and
 $10.24
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Following the IPO
 more than 25% of the Company&amp;#x2019;s common
 stock was available for trading on The New York Stock Exchange on
 July&amp;#xA0;20
 2016
 thereby resulting in a termination of the call
 right on that date. Hence
 24 awardees began to bear the risks and
 rewards of ownership. As a result
 the liability award was
 converted to an equity award as of July&amp;#xA0;20
 2016
 since the
 call right feature was the only condition that prevented it from
 being classified as an equity award. As of that date
 the fair
 value of the award was determined to be $23.53
 based on the
 opening price of the Company&amp;#x2019;s common stock
 and additional
 compensation expense of $6
477 was recognized for the period that
 spanned the beginning of the third fiscal quarter of 2016 to
 July&amp;#xA0;20
 2016. This additional compensation expense is
 included in stock-based compensation expense. On the same date
 the
 amount of $35
312 was transferred from liabilities to equity. While
 the award was a liability award
 pursuant to ASC 718
 the Company
 was required to&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;re-measure&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;the fair value of the award at
 each reporting date and record additional compensation with
 reference to the vesting schedule.&amp;#xA0;Fair values were
 at those
 times
 estimated at the grant dates using estimates of enterprise
 value
 adjusted by liquidity discounts. The enterprise value
 estimates were calculated by applying market benchmark multiples to
 the most recent quarter&amp;#x2019;s Adjusted EBITDA for the trailing
 twelve months period. Annually
 those computations were also
 compared with the Company&amp;#x2019;s estimated future discounted cash
 flows.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Further
 during the third quarter of 2016
 the dividend provision
 of the restricted stock award agreement was modified to provide for
 the payment of&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-forfeitable&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;dividends even on unvested
 restricted stock.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The table below reflects recent restricted stock activity as well
 as other information related to awards of restricted stock that
 were granted under the Equity Incentive Plan. Restricted stock
 granted under the Equity Incentive Plan generally vests over a
 three- or four-year period on a graded-vesting basis with equal
 proportions of the shares vesting at the annual anniversary date of
 the grant in each of the three or four years in the vesting
 period.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=39%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Grant&amp;#xA0;Date&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair Value&lt;br /&gt;
 per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Grant&amp;#xA0;Date&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair Value&lt;br /&gt;
 per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Grant&amp;#xA0;Date&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair Value&lt;br /&gt;
 per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Unvested Restricted Shares&lt;/b&gt;:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at beginning of fiscal year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
625
477&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
247
565&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.22&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
851
824&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.42&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;237
049&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;779
154&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.09&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;505
460&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.01&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
212
472&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.73&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
228
646&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.43&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
060
406&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(98
543&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.01&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(172
596&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.01&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49
313&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.01&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at end of fiscal year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;551
511&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.99&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
625
477&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
247
565&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.22&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Vested Restricted Shares&lt;/b&gt;:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at beginning of fiscal year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
913
207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.72&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
857
157&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.85&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
186
968&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.81&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
212
472&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.73&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
228
646&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.43&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
060
406&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Repurchased&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(259
249&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.51&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(172
596&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.01&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(390
217&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.30&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at end of fiscal year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
866
430&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.05&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
913
207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.72&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
857
157&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.85&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Of the unvested restricted stock awards at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 534
966 shares are expected to vest.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 During Fiscal 2016
 the Company granted restricted shares with
 weighted average grant date fair values per share as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=55%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 138.8pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Grants Made During the Quarter Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Restricted&amp;#xA0;Shares&lt;br /&gt;
 Granted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&amp;#xA0;Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair Value of&lt;br /&gt;
 Common&amp;#xA0;Stock&amp;#xA0;per&lt;br /&gt;
 Share on Date of&lt;br /&gt;
 Grant&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 April&amp;#xA0;2
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;130
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.24&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 July&amp;#xA0;2
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;93
696&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
671&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.65&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The fair values of the restricted shares were determined
 contemporaneously with the grants.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Compensation expense
 included in Selling
 general and
 administrative expenses
 associated with outstanding restricted
 stock awards
 including credits for stock forfeitures
 was $27
704
 $17
198 and $2
744 for Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2014
 respectively. As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 total unrecognized
 compensation expense was approximately $6
040 related to unvested
 stock-based compensation arrangements related to unvested
 restricted stock awards granted under the Equity Incentive Plan.
 This cost is expected to be recognized over the weighted average
 period of 1.39&amp;#xA0;years.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In Fiscal 2016 (prior to July&amp;#xA0;20
 2016)
 the Company
 repurchased terminated employees&amp;#x2019; vested stock with cash of
 $1
577.&amp;#xA0;Shares repurchased were retired upon
 purchase.&amp;#xA0;Such purchases in Fiscal 2015 totaled $963 and were
 also retired upon purchase. In Fiscal 2014
 OCM and another related
 party
 Maine Street Holdings
&amp;#xA0;Inc. (&amp;#x201C;Maine&amp;#x201D;)
 purchased terminated employees&amp;#x2019; vested stock with cash of
 $449. Such related party purchases were reported as capital
 contributions and also as redemption of stock in the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s Consolidated Statement of Stockholders&amp;#x2019;
 Deficit in Fiscal 2014.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Since all the restricted stock awards were reclassified from
 liabilities to equity as of July&amp;#xA0;20
 2016
 there was no
 liability to holders of grants as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016. As of
 January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s liability to holders of
 those grants was $17
393.&amp;#xA0;Such liability was classified as
 current (part of other accrued liabilities) in the Consolidated
 Balance Sheet at January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016 since
 at the time
 the
 employees could have resigned at will or through termination which
 would have resulted in a call on the stock.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Under the previous liability classification
 the Company was
 required to recognize the liability based on the stock
 award&amp;#x2019;s fair value at each reporting period with reference to
 its vesting schedule. The fair value of the restricted stock was
 $1.01 as of the beginning of Fiscal 2014
 increased to $1.52 at the
 beginning of Fiscal 2015 and then increased to $10.24 as of
 January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016. As a result
 additional compensation expense
 was recorded in those years to reflect the increase in fair values
 and the liability was accordingly adjusted.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;RSUs and Stock Options&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Between August&amp;#xA0;26
 2016 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 the
 Company awarded certain of its employees and nonemployee directors
 RSUs as well as nonqualified stock options (&amp;#x201C;stock
 options&amp;#x201D;) with the right to acquire shares of its common
 stock. These awards vest on a graded-vesting basis over varying
 periods ranging between two and four years. The awards are subject
 to service conditions only. Each RSU may be exchanged on the
 vesting date for one share of the Company&amp;#x2019;s common stock and
 can only be settled in shares. Awardees of the RSUs are also
 entitled to&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-forfeitable&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;dividend-equivalent payments
 on vested and unvested RSUs. The contractual term of the stock
 option award is 10 years. A summary of the Fiscal 2016 awards of
 RSUs and stock options were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=59%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 150.85pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Awards Granted During the Quarter Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Awards&lt;br /&gt;
 Granted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&amp;#xA0;Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&amp;#xA0;on&amp;#xA0;Date&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Grant&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;RSUs:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 October&amp;#xA0;1
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;240
843&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.69&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;587
140&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Stock Options:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 October&amp;#xA0;1
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;648
301&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.74&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
960&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.91&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Compensation expense for the RSUs and the stock options are being
 recognized over the vesting period on a graded-vesting basis based
 on their grant-date fair values. The grant date fair values of the
 RSUs are based on the closing price of the Company&amp;#x2019;s common
 stock on the date of grant. The grant-date fair value of the stock
 option awards are determined using the Black-Scholes model.
 Weighted average inputs to the Black-Scholes model were as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=14%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock price on date of grant&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26.24&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercise price&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.70&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected term&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.74&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Risk-free interest rate (range 0.74% to 1.36%)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.18%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected dividend yield (range 2.2% to 2.5%)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.29%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected volatility&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23.8%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 For awards for which the expected term was not known
 the Company
 used 6 years
 which was determined using the simplified method
 specified in SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 14 because the
 Company has no exercise history on which to base estimates of
 future exercise behavior. The expected volatility of 23.8% was
 calculated by taking the average historical volatility of a group
 of peer companies over a six year period. Expected volatility based
 on peer group volatility was used instead of volatility based on
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s historical stock price because there was
 insufficient trading history on which to base historical
 volatility. The risk-free interest rate was based on the implied
 yield on U.S. treasury&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;zero-coupon&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;issues with a remaining term
 equal to the expected term. The dividend yield was based on
 expected dividend payments.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Additional information relating to the RSU awards follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Grant&amp;#xA0;Date&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Fair&amp;#xA0;value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;per&amp;#xA0;Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Unvested RSUs:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at beginning of fiscal year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;827
983&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.69&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
948&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.69&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
626&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.69&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at end of fiscal year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;820
409&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.69&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;RSUs Expected to vest&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;769
352&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.69&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Vested RSUs:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at beginning of fiscal year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
948&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.69&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at end of fiscal year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
948&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.69&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 unrecognized compensation expense
 related to the RSUs was $18
212 which is expected to be recognized
 over the weighted average period of 1.8&amp;#xA0;years and does not
 reflect the Company&amp;#x2019;s estimate of potential forfeitures.
 Compensation expense recognized with respect to the RSUs in Fiscal
 2016 was $2
932.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Between the award date and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 none of the
 stock options vested
 none were exercised and none expired.
 Additional information relating to the stock option awards
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=54%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Exercise&lt;br /&gt;
 Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Remaining&lt;br /&gt;
 Contractual&lt;br /&gt;
 Term&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Intrinsic&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Value&amp;#xA0;(1)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at beginning of fiscal year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;657
261&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.70&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
876&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.69&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance outstanding at end of period&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;649
385&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.70&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.66&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
647&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Options expected to vest&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;610
940&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.70&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.66 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
491&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 156px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: 8pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(1)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Represents the total&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;pre-tax&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;intrinsic value
 based on the
 closing price of the Company&amp;#x2019;s common stock on the New York
 Stock Exchange on December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and is the amount the
 option holders would have received had all option holders exercised
 their options on December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 unrecognized compensation expense
 related to the stock option awards was $1
992
 which is expected to
 be recognized over the weighted average period of 1.2 years and
 does not reflect the Company&amp;#x2019;s estimate of potential
 forfeitures. Compensation expense recognized with respect to the
 stock options in Fiscal 2016 was $849.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 At December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 a total of 5
015
293 shares remained
 available for grant under the Equity Incentive Plan.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Employee Benefits&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company maintains a 401(k) retirement plan for employees
 which
 provides for an employer match. For Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 and
 Fiscal 2014
 the Company match was 100% of the first 3% of its
 employees&amp;#x2019; salaries
 and 50% of the next 2%. The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s contributions expensed under the 401(k) retirement
 plan were $4
919
 $4
606 and $4
415 for Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015
 and Fiscal 2014
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Company also provides employee health insurance benefits
 through self-insurance group medical plans. Contributions expensed
 for the self-insured group medical plans were approximately
 $24
938
 $22
251 and $18
784 for Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015 and
 Fiscal 2014
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 including failure to pay any principal or interest when due
 failure to comply with covenants and cross acceleration provisions. In the case of an event of default arising from specified events of bankruptcy or insolvency
 all outstanding amounts of the Senior Unsecured Notes will become due and payable immediately without further action or notice. If any other event of default under the Indenture occurs or is continuing

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      



    




        


        




    


    


    


    


    


    


    




















  xmlns:xbrli=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance
  xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:us-gaap=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2016-01-31
  xmlns:us-types=http://fasb.org/us-types/2016-01-31
  xmlns:apfh=http://www.advancepierre.com/20161231
  xmlns:nonnum=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/non-numeric
  xmlns:num=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt
  xmlns:country=http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2016-01-31
  xmlns:currency=http://xbrl.sec.gov/currency/2016-01-31
  xmlns:dei=http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2014-01-31
  xmlns:exch=http://xbrl.sec.gov/exch/2016-01-31
  xmlns:invest=http://xbrl.sec.gov/invest/2013-01-31
  xmlns:naics=http://xbrl.sec.gov/naics/2011-01-31
  xmlns:sic=http://xbrl.sec.gov/sic/2011-01-31
  xmlns:stpr=http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2011-01-31
  targetNamespace=http://www.advancepierre.com/20161231




        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Plant and Equipment - Schedule of Property

        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        














































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt


























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink






    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 Notes


 Notes





    



 Gross

    



 Net


 net of allowances of $291 and $15 at December 31
 2016 and January 2
 2016

    



 Net


 Net





    


    
    


    
    
    



 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant

    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    



 Share-based Compensation

    


    
    




    


    
    




    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    




    
    




    



 Goodwill

    



 a fee charged for services from professionals such as doctors

    

 professional fees





    




    




    




    




    



 Consideration Transferred

    
    



 Contingent Consideration Arrangements
 Change in Amount of Contingent Consideration







    
    



 Contingent Consideration





    
    



 Contingent Consideration


 Contingent Consideration



    
    


    
    
    




    



 Pro Forma Information
 Earnings or Loss of Acquiree since Acquisition Date

    



 Pro Forma Information
 Revenue of Acquiree since Acquisition Date

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    
    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    
    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Property
 Plant






 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired
 Goodwill
 and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired
 Goodwill
 and Liabilities Assumed

    


    
    




    






    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    



 Future Minimum Payments Due

    




    




    




    




    




    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    
    



 Future Minimum Payments
 Present Value of Net Minimum Payments

    


    
    








    




    




    




    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    



 Dividends
 Per Share

    


    
    




    









 Shares





    
    
    



 Value


 500
000
000 shares authorized
 78
078
535 and 66
057
768 issued at December 31
 2016 and January 2
 2016



    
    


    
    


    
    




    



 Net of Tax

    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Credit Risk

    








    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    
    








    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    
    




    




    




    




    



 Interest Rate

    



 Interest Rate

    


    
    
    


    
    




    









 Periodic Payment Terms

    









 Redemption


 Redemption




 Redemption


 Redemption




 Redemption

    



 Redemption

    



 Redemption

    



 Redemption

    



 Redemption Price






 Redemption Price

    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    




    


    
    




    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    




    



 Net

    



 Operating Loss Carryforwards

    



 Operating Loss Carryforwards

    




    


    

 Recorded in OCI
 Valuation Allowance

    




    



 Tax Credit Carryforwards

    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals

    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 Valuation Allowance
 Recorded in OCI

    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    



 Deferred Expense

    




    



 Net

    




    



 Property







    


    
    



 Employer Matching Contribution

    



 Employer Matching Contribution

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Depletion and Amortization

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    










    




    




    


    
    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    
    




    
    


    
    




    




    



 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate

    



 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance

    


    
    





 Nondeductible Expense

    



 Nondeductible Expense
 Other

    



 Nondeductible Expense
 Share-based Compensation Cost

    



 Other Adjustments

    



 State and Local Income Taxes

    




    



 Nonvested Awards

    



 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    














    
    


    
    



 Inputs

    



 Inputs

    




    


    
    




    




    




    


    
    




    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    


    
    



 Net
 Amortization Expense

    
















    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    




    
    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    




    



 Impaired

    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    




    




    



 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance

    




    


    
    





 Nondeductible Expense

    



 Nondeductible Expense
 Other

    



 Nondeductible Expense
 Share-based Compensation Cost

    



 Other Adjustments

    



 State and Local Income Taxes

    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    




    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    






    


    
    










    


    
    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    



 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer

    
    
    



 Finished Goods

    




    




    



 Raw Materials

    


    
    


    
    



 Work in Process

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    














    
    


    
    



 Operating Leases

    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    




    
    




    




    




    



 Notes

    




    


    
    


    
    


    

 net of current maturities (including related party amount of $65
813 and $31
495 at December 31
 2016 and January 2
 2016

    




    
    




    


    
    
    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    


    
    





 after unamortized (discount) premium

    







 after unamortized (discount) premium
 of long-term debt. Excludes capital lease obligations

    

 net of original issue discount




 after unamortized (discount) premium
 of long-term debt. Excludes capital lease obligations

    

 net of original issue discount





    














    
    


    
    


    
    



 Inc.
 an entity controlled by the minority shareholders of the reporting entity
 which provides certain management

    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    
    


    
    






    

 Vineland



    
    


    
    




    



 Sale Leaseback Transactions

    



 Sale Leaseback Transactions

    



 Sale Leaseback Transactions

    



 Sale Leaseback Transactions

    



 Sale Leaseback Transactions

    



 Sale Leaseback Transactions

    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    




    




    




    




    




    




    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    




    
    




    


    
    


    
    








    
    
    



 Loans and Financing Receivable
 Net

    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 a related party entity that provides certain management

    
    



 before Reclassifications
 Net of Tax

    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    



 Future Minimum Payments Due

    



 Future Minimum Payments Due

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Rent Expense

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    
    




    


    
    



 Miscellaneous

    




    




    



 Derivatives Qualifying as Hedges
 Net of Tax

    



 Net of Tax

    



 Net of Tax





    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    




    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    




    





 Plant





    
    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    



 Sale Leaseback Transactions

    


    
    
    










    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Plant

    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    









 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment










 Plant and Equipment


 plant and equipment




 Plant and Equipment


 plant and equipment


 plant and equipment




 Plant and Equipment
 Net






 Plant and Equipment












 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment

    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    



 Net

    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Selling

    


    
    



 Long-term Capital Lease Obligations

    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    




    
    
    






    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    








    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    



 Goods

    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    









 Notes


 Notes




 Notes

    


    
    




    










    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    










    




    



 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest

    


    
    




    




    



 Stock Options

    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    
    


    
    














    
    




    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options

    





 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures



    





 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    





 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period





    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested

    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested

    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested

    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested

    



 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan

    







 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    


    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period

    





 excluding stock (or unit) options

    
    
    


    
    
    
    




    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions
 Risk Free Interest Rate

    



 Fair Value Assumptions
 Risk Free Interest Rate

    


    
    




    




    



 Options

    



 Options






 Options
 Grants in Period








 Options
 Grants in Period






 Options
 Nonvested






 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Outstanding








 Options

    



 Options
 Outstanding






 Options Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price


 Options Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price


 Options Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price




 Options
 Outstanding

    



 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding






 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding






 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding






 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding







    




    
    





 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan

    
    




    
    



 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan

    






    
    
    
    


    
    



 Options
 Forfeitures in Period






 Options
 Grants in Period







    


    


    




    




    
    




    




    
    



 Refinanced

    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Stock Split

    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Shares

    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Shares
 Restricted Stock Award

    



 Shares
 Share-based Compensation

    


    
    
    



 Value

    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    




    
    




    



 Deferred Tax Asset
 Increase (Decrease)

    


    
    




    
    




    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 after allocation of valuation allowances of various deferred tax assets attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards



    


    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    





















  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 g340478g23k84.jpg

M87 O



RUC
#$Q(#8V+C$T
M-38V
2P@
C Q
B\P

M.B\O;G


I

M
#$W+3 S+3 Q5#$R.C P.C
T*S U.C
P/]X;7 Z36]D:69Y1&%T93X*( @


#
M
#%4
3(Z
# Z
S0K
#4Z
M



C4V




14%!
M0T%1341!9U%#0F=C1$)!24=!;DU06=-4D)!049)4DEX459%1T4R16EC6455
M37!':$)X5WA1:5!)B-X03M5=$AH37A::3A#4GEG=D5L47I25&MQ2WE9
U!#


M341B445!06A%1$)#15--545&55).:$EG6GAG6D5Y)B-X03MO8DAW1DU(4C13


O
'A6

O
'A6
S%+)B-X03MZ


$U2*U90*RMB

O



O=T1F)B-X03M%9CA!=T
O
'A6

M=T
O
'A6

O=T)-5F0Y4W
O.$%F168O04%#+S!X5C
Q2WHO
M04XX4B]W1$%
+U1&)B-X03M89E5R4]F168O04PO5$961SAS-U)B4V1L9VI$
M0TYI0T9!24E.7-65G)


B\P930S



3&524U-/)B-X03MQ

M3F
Q=F10-U1Z

V-6=DES0WAI-79*

V5
M5W)6+SE--&@Q:EIJ)B-X03M

W66MI;5%A
M:#5U.&XK67(Y6DYE3$IC4U1Z+W!#-&DY4T\Q=7I&0DM

M-'!5)B-X03MQ05%+
7=546UW571N
3-Y;EHK8V1.

M6$1J

&EX8DE.2S%R)B-X03LX

3)/.&QJ=C1D5'1


6%)
F18)B-X03M#



F%8


M+W=#83AE37)W:#

M:#





K)B-X03LT1V$O*UAT2'A#

M:V-I;UA9*RMD0DA2-5-
03)

M
T)P56E.

4QK64Y.4$MA




M2V
O.35

VQ



D)F3#A&)B-X03LS
M9F-.4'9*
S U8DIP3$]76DEN3G5R6%E4-$I$278R4%5&44].3U1

M
4PX=U!Q14]R3W
U:&)42GA.;S


R
'DX:W9D3G1

R;'
U3&U'3UHW4V-!4WA&
41'



M;C!H)B-X03MP+S=U4#E59F
K534O=T


6LO3&(U1#EB


DMQ=' O=E9$+WAK)B-X03M8.5EZ23!N.3E$*W-0=EE:4'!0
M=5E6-6@O=T-59S%0+T%*:34O=T1K-#)F4T=N+W4T+S%2.7HU5&XO=DIE.'!F

M1CAY1%%

T*W-F5F\W-3=H9E%%2S(W=$M(:TIE5DAP16QT2DI*)B-X03M2
M1%)6

WE)9E
O
TU23#9Y4WE


VLK-E)Z.6)E
M1U=0
5!5=#5);DUI:$PQ.5!7;VI%9W)


5=P
5

35+
M:B]:;E!'*S O=T1'8W8X07=Y6LV3#$R;B]U-]W0E5F8VAC=VTU


M67199&1V4DYQ

M46%F1E5*

Y;3E94#17;3AQ6'10


M07A'435C3S%D3655=S!3-TLQ235W)B-X03M

C9J161Z0S5:



M

W%M47

M-4EL



VET



U2D-$:G--)B-X03M665)R.$II
6TW56EL6D
O+T(O1B](4$DK
TU8


.#%79S%M
M

:3-91&573DMP4$-01FM:9E58-6M:-EEC9C5V4G=Z

5=H


M145':$A1:D9#9BM42'9B:GI






M26YS-#9F
'I89'$V16%R0DQ(
39E+W K3S5Y3DQN.$M9:S@T:VIE3C)J8T98

5E)27-
8VEL

M

P86IQ6DEF
W$O=T1%4TTV:C)4

M

3DW)B-X03MW;74Q2GI:5$QP


M





4AG



M

M-$Q+:VE



VIN+S1X=B]X131Q-GDO


G(P4'E0435W1W$P
C-1+WDO,&948CDW.6=:<$,S3S)I9F19460V1M:;#=-8S%M;C=

M;5A0=3AN839N=&)

U9#AV
W1W
M.7IE85IA6$YZ27%*2DY.0DA)-TQ%


M2W5X5C)+=7A6


'E/
6=7.3%E=S V4EI54$%26&-W:6M:06IX9D=Q;FM#
M86IB)B-X03MC6FYT1$%.6B]W0V-H8G%'1%9O3%!38F4S=G)+1S=M=#=M-754



Q


DMU


DMV

M26EU)B-X03MA;$-T95I65U9:8C5:.'A7978V5DAF5S=X1C9+3&E'2U%40THS

#5!)B-X03M'





DMP
M8F-A;F92835A-F5M;G9


M2SEX)B-X03LP87!426U)




M.$%L4C4T






R+U V
FQU-WE*.4E!9W1W-6EU63=R
49D67I:
6UB.3!V0T1J
M9F@K934T2U-62%%&5U=E5B]Z06HQ



M57
T-T

50X



U
















2XS+R(^B @( @



Z9F]R




M9&





# P

&UP5%!G.D9O;G1S/@H@( @( @
M( @( \<F1F.D)A9SX*( @( @( @( @( @/')D9CIL:2!R9&8Z<&%R



MB @( @( @( @( @( @(#QS=$9N=#IF;VYT1F%M:6QY/E1I;65S($YE




#PO



2XP+W-4
&UL;G




M0T0T.3$T1D5%-C$Q.$8R

&UP34TZ4F5N9&ET:6]N0VQA<W,^B @( @( @(#QX;7!-33I$



M
4)!-T8Y

M.3$T1D5%-C$Q.$8R


^9&5F






M=$5V=#IA8W1I;VX^B @( @( @( @( @( @(#QS=$5V=#II;G-T86YC




M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @

M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! ?_; $
! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! ?_
M !$( 0$!@@

M 0$   8# 0               0(&!P@) P0%O_$ %$1  $# P
!! 4'!P@'


MP18E-&)RA?$U=)*4HN$70X*DM
+&_]H # 
!  (1 Q$ /P#[FH-!H@OB$=6K





M-[+





MS-W




M)YNX-[+




M:HT!8 Z^X( ZT$.ONUK6L(IQ5W]AHM[F1_EX19GA$PB81







MR0/
B+CI7/)]JXR1/E0.YWQ=9E=;G0K5&&JQIROG::=L\6*ES@0[,XPMZ(
M@+6N:-)B2G=6YGJ'0HDQO3B*-ZNP'P&=T'=@.9&)2XL:&%CB6@@]3R#G@#CJ

G(' \.

$]GH4B11
MH

A < I\9XPND:./K0J&1X=D<D;G9D;YH7
X[!)D[L262H:UM5
M!A(D40G1[(N1.)#8%G<D:Y&8H5-CBN2MZ\]/UV55.]T\?<XDI\[HW


0+M[0D'C4$A0KA




X-VDC


M+)36##X^PR1:G5









_

MSRL9*^/O3


M\F#7J0@\
G0^
Z5F%


V




AB\LQ$6[;
M*\0&K -
%1LX(@:9I\9_
XSMS[&-PY+?B!SCJG\HSC\]G ./;S@G /P)X!Z9


M42$/A5*M48:H/


\(F$3)A$PB81,(F$3)A$PB81?S2:#Y?03B[KI*XP\++%;K'O]


MR2SG072.EHFY
9$M.)*&7-3R8B5))9J)TDH(VF$4GHVTR/;)^D8X.!##C ;P


M&*?:+HXL2P=RQBZZFD-2LK4]-3J%TXJ-7&^VJ:5I7NRV9WK6KU!ORG/J\*%R
MG!$/@


M7?UER.JH2UX8)(3WC9&.C (/YD0NCP7#8SYVSYVUAQM_JK;3?TF7#YBB/'=D


M9%IPYHA-?025S%RD#S*W&00!%
8O*[(CL4(96M2O3.TJ;RY'(TSMMIW%_ *&



LNUYC(N.4EJN;
EIF


M(WKJ2T$LHZQ



M:NHG+H)


M&1QJPXM)E])

IDDRSTF


.

MK&R1N)






D8;$6N#Y1WKY6O#I3+*PA[!NR[#


 Y!):L4X1\X
MJAX\TO7M?3H%GIGVOND%ICF@8H@[*RN+?)HI3L





M8T@[@


COQ(UV]Y!&T]00




MH_R?I3^.Z^!R1D+C5QS5S.J;HN(@RQR:Q6()XBZR/@S
E
BM
A^6 LR0*6Z.




M[D^*UJTU6RPQ*:M=U;I




M?[=4_P!I_P#J%[M#_LD'_!_F59KG17;3)A$PB81,(F$3)A$PB81
(J[I!]

C_+PBS/)A$PB81,(F$3)A$PB81
(F$5*3[_V?
M7HQ)(^/

$$HL(0%ZW
MH -:#K6L]07BN: T2
P  /S;.@&/)= VVD))+'9))/MOZGGS75?-V^BT_!^=
M?QFLK^8
CZYK_I&?=
_!0]5T?T;OO'_BGS=OHM/P?G7\9K*_F#'KFO\ I&?=
M

M (I\W;Z+3\'YU_&:ROY@QZYK_I&?=
_!/5=']&[[Q_XI\W;Z+3\'YU_&:ROY
M@QZYK_I&?=
_!/5=']&[[Q_XI\W;Z+3\'YU_&:ROY@QZYK_I&?=
_!/5=']&
M[[Q_XI\W;Z+3\'YU_&:ROY@QZYK_ *1GW3/P3U71_1N^\?\ BGS=OHM/P?G7
M\9K*_F#'KFO^D9]TS\$]5T?T;OO'_BGS=OHM/P?G7\9K*_F#'KFO^D9]TS\$
M]5T?T;OO'_BGS=OHM/P?G7\9K*_F#'KFO^D9]TS\$]5T?T;OO'_BGS=OHM/P
M?G7\9K*_F#'KFO\ I&?=

_!/5=']&[[
MQ_XI\W;Z+3\'YU_&:ROY@QZYK_I&?=
_!/5=']&[[Q_XI\W;Z+3\'YU_&:RO
MY@QZYK_I&?=

M.@X'1=V.-L3&QL&&M&&C)/'Q/*VSG&ITPB81
(F$3)A$PB81,(F$3*NZ0?

(F$3)A$PB81,(F$3)A$PB81
(
MF$3)A$PB81,(F$3)A$PB81
(F$3)A$PB81,(F$3)A$PB81

(F$
M3)A$PB81,(F$3)A$PB81
(F$3)A$PB81,(F$3)A$PB81
(F$3)A$PB8
M1,(F$3)A$PB81

\(F
M$3)A$PB81,(F$3)A$PB81
(F$3)A$PB81,(F$3)A$PB81
(F$3)A$PB
M81,(F$3)A$PB81
(F$3)A$PB81,(F$3)A$PBKND'U\]^]W+]8=A%-ZN_L

(F$3)A$PB81,(F$3+#9C84*
MK]%I?
I*U



'P*AW




?:_D1MN86



D3Y=QD



\JA;Z^I
QN[F?K0=B&6$/IRT&

H7(HLSOCJ6E/=7%BVJT@$F).5$^


0(S1AH0[*


O1)

MA$PB81

M81

D3$

===X9ZR1CSMMMNFC9


MU+@Y*SUJL\7W;

M72&2LN=VK:BX5U0_P
M5522S/#1PQI?M8T!K UH &1E%0T5MIHJ.WTE/14D+
M=L5-2PQP0QC_ '8XFM:
^)QDGDDE=;GDKM)A%Y _?#_J#_OK.2']+%_:
_O!










M4(JRL**PI@?:_

12*
M$CE$%EX(G'N2'28RT]D!9U3MC


(J[I!]?/?O=R

C_+PBS/)A$PB81,(F$3)A$PB81
K8E!XP!4)QC-6L2
MLXMN




_:!G ///A\?/C
F.-O
4

(F$3)A
M$PB81,(F$5=T@^OGOWNY?K#L(IO5W]AHM[F1_EX19GA$PB81,(F$3)A$PB8
M1


_



\N^=X;N9'%H/


M*H5++D*WB81,(F$3+
:_GTKJ^8L
\A#NH9)-&UQ:]L7D;Z]:$'6P')51._
MZ-6WKDXS4;@A/T-.M1GGICP#*-$'?GW2UT-ZM]5;+C VHHZN
Q31NZX/+7L=




(F$3)A$PB81,(F$3)A$PBKND'

(F$3)A$PB81,(F$3


V=S?:^)P(?OLNUX
M#:F-V4'8)HEI$NM;A%DATU'8F/;P

U2+*!
M


)8SS&X3JVD
M=C;D
6J#[1-)



M

$'D'@K

M@C@CD+V9!13)A$PB81,(F$3)A$PB81
(F$3)A%7=(/KY[][N7ZP[*;U=

(F$3)A$PB81,(F$3)A$PB81
]



(F$7D#]\/^H/




(F$3)A$PB81,(F$
M3*$_.28#9JV9HFG-\&?




(F$3)A$PB81,(F$3)A$
MPB81
(F$5=T@^OGOWNY?K#L(IO5W]AHM[F1_EX19GA$PB81
I(P['+H**EIVQY/CB::IP/#)\^(29KR5_$PB81
M,(F$3)A%Y _?#_J#_OK.2']+%_:

@


M4WJ[^PT6]S(_R\(LSPB81

M]]E$DC4'7OZ BC#2KWK7]VO*A^C^_KW]^: _EU5;ZGY3.NX7$EM!0Z/I(@

M\MMS S.PVT\


M01P1@^1X7YA$PB81

$$'@YB6D.'!!!!\B#D+[9VI9Y0:VU?U:UX\@



M'7K
M8HRC8I

M?H+S2&MBK!NM8G:3@Z5?:-CT$U6-QLC$O6.$W-)=6*66
AFT-F\O):6%E96L




MH)& T@\H8RC2AA
+$((M;V4JIGY?)A$7[
3-_0L2QA2#_3J+M7?_PQ
/-
M7RZ:5]/\IK7DKAAM=1:/JHSC&YC='6*B)]_YRCD&?=CP6=78I*).SFR-'6:
M[1'XF[5LP_\ 3*//_(1GS$1763)A$PB81


MIJH
 !I3WSVQMI'YQ@[

MNDDHJREW


M\F'L8K

MH\+_ '^$\46(NOK^_J[.551_*^[:*+&V[T4F

MNQ*LSNM5RBW?J2VN;_\ 



4GV

PZV+0=BT7H6P]K?5U]77OZ<Z\T
MAFFEE(P99'R$=<%[BXC.!TSY#X+@AC$,440.1%&R,'&,AC0T''.,XZ97.SC7
M(F$3)A$PB81



D*18H.3Z*2IB]%Z 05H)%#ND+(Z/&_S+





MV-S

M\3Z2N5 3F2WWJ5X;GI!64M
^
X\
S157N.//*A/FO97Z3)A$PB81,(F$3*
M7D0LE3%*8ICXF%[;ZGL99&)S'#@ /2OE0VNE0^M:D@W^B&)3(=)CT8#_\
MPWCJ)/X?MDB-*%NX_)Z:LAU1V'WC15?W=2[1VI+E;S1S 2QNL.IHO6T#98WY

CG+@



M^H:9NUI;7



MS0$5$M1\*N7
5JVP(30TYM2$4/-X_5ZEMXT=(A*//^^0=R8DEI-]FU=$Y96-




M)(03\^LMCGS






M44=344E7#)3U5+-+35

M(K




2'X+Z%LV!K70F$3)A
M$PB81,(F$3)A$PB81







VS M.#6_ -$O(\7 :=

XAK2!'270AO#8ZP



;(J*-IK\S$-9F)A$PB81

[HZI!)I19
MR@
X=@F@[*A.U*TY9



(F$3)A$PB81,(F$5=T@^OGOWNY?K#L(IO5W]AHM[F1_EX19GA
M$PB81,(F$3)A$PB81


MA=36C6K((_8H;[!VU7B0
'L07BCA905$A:V-EQHH'22/J;LT++'L$UHVJH
M9M'5\W\IH.\J[.7NYFHGN
E52-)/+Z29QGC;DN-/



M4 E#BQ35-MVJFR6LV&68R#T

!XD82#P]A(VR1N!9)&71O:YCG
MQUY 4TZT59KU!UI_E)I[)+U#I$7V!)91#G7MGL3XE.*_H#=G)]3+O%Q#()<



MROTI![MU.QY-/;]V

PDP8-G.V_M'C[.M%U5333-;J&\M






ME2W/CTZ@LE-'@O


D8R//IG'CR#D'X+7EM
M=*ORZJ6?
T5D4!XWIM1NI^$MAV:U-@Y+


MV-9-@Q5Q5-TVVRJ5(XH^E2





Y5

M81
(F$5=T@^OGOWNY?K#L(IO5W]AHM[F1_EX19GA$PB81





M[/=6LIKC4%FF-1/AHKN'N_-4
^XMH;O@\-%*^1T=6X8S133/+9)(( *T!!$




]
M^J/M0[1+CVE:IJK[5B2GH8P:2RVUS]S;?;8WN

M!N
12,ZE  8P(SVXE,:E

MD:*%9RG[D^R*1
\A9H VKH^YR3MV:DTG7-I:P4;BZYU5M;B%0Z)VYO3&K$91
M9J#PQ

WA7744E;G#RT3F9 -,8G%4-VB
MQ*E)$8()VCI;I(5A26%Q(]:UD+G9N/





(F$5=T@^OGOWNY?K#L(IO5W]AHM[F1_EX19GA$PB81
(F
M$3)A$PB81,(F$3)A$PB81

M[JV-S(+E;Y'^(W=W54KSW%=3.?3S 99)'5&D=6W;1MWBNUJD\HZRDD)]&KZ4

MD-%K]@XO0@:6(3=Z4HS!AT8$11A!YWS^]M'8CK?L-U3+IS5U$74L[II+#J*E
MCD-GU#01O %30S.![NHC:Z







M2FPHX !+EPRR53TJ)+4*R$Q)DV-]D/9#;NS:W&JJC#7ZJKX6MN5Q:8J6
8M;+6RL;)(UD3(((=9W;+VRW+M.N8I:436_25OF<ZV6

(J1'_C):

Z1UY3


(F$3)A$PB81,(F$3)A$PB81

8!



MFD 5MGB-2X!\E1::2&

Q5$A)HGN

M;UO6];UUY@9)')%(^*5CXY8WNCDCD:621R






7;1*B2/YA?4+L


5) V.!GSW-DF+YGU%VA]I^JNTJXBLOU6&45.]YMUFI
M^.V6]KLC,4+G.,U2YIQ+65#I*B3Y@='&0LD'E?JW:81
(F$3)A$PB81,(
MF$3)A$PB81

(F$3
M)A$PB81,(F$3)A$PB81
S7&-@^;RYVZ*XT-=

CU%9*JCDX#JJ
MUR

M.X]GVN+?(TD.96Z3OU(]I'4%L]!&01X@C(540ZDT]4 .I[]99VG!!ANE#*#G



M;1U(N+\CJ.[MXJGY\

@8
MMJ21+T9250E;E.E2

:;4U%V=Z(H=9TS:35E




XJ&


MI9H3%D0PHDZI1X1XE


MT6]S(_R\(LSPB81
(F$3)A$PB81,(F$3)A$PB81
(F$3)A$PB81,(F$3
M)A$PB81




XZ\O

MA)5CBH?4L?%+7TH@M&TYY#F$\'H!SX'QQXG)Y&


(F$5=T@^OGOWNY?
MK#L(IO5W]AHM[F1_EX19GA$PB81
(F$3)A$PB81,(F$3)A$PB81
(F$3)
MA$PB81,(F$3)A$PB81
(F$595G](XS0_GY7? J'1VI9-+Y&S1)]F[I-N1#9

M.O9-63#4SS8U[
Q+=

ME.I)+/(4)C0')SR3@:
*.(.+V(LTDT @C+


\(F
M$3)A$PB81,(F$3)A$PB81
(F$3)A$PB81,(F$3)A$PB81

MW858!JN#+&-N)+#5[(M=6J2R]44E-7[U*E=CR!ACZ*?%JCVA([P*-LL*0$-(
MC)&_2
@.



MB81
(F$3)A$PB81,(F$3)A$PB81
(F$3)A$PB81,(F$3)A$PB81
(F$3
M)A$PB81,(F$3)A$PB81


3B-5[*WF%




V%;=I%MT8 O
-?S7M.JB+*Z2*+K29.G?3UQ!3!



MKBFU9%5:@N$M+'4Z;$UO




M@7'=?
*PKD!T@:[A%+9


#AH.3\?Q/3A='!.D^OBPN2#SQ\C](5


BAL+V28
FWC.? GIY

YV';K4_2\ZLW?GM9G&B1


MQC!A3'')
OD+7-7!S:PORN)

29




6Y[GY3[K9QKD





MV=SWC2.I::S3776K*:\OAM#[C6W2FJHW3TU*^V
]$BH:>8^DU#T5(,@:TL)
MN19M'62XZ'O&IJK4$=)=;=)6,IK,9*0/JQ3PTTD3@R25M2>]=,]@[N-P/=G;
MDYQ6%TF]L7?7W-?HUH;3YMERE#:

MRTQ6]0IWQXQB*E+L4=G.,YQGIYAN[ ^/(_CQFB.D5NVDBY V6^B=K$A4HZ


].H:

K
LK*0V97


$)7$NM950]



F8HEHZ^'&

M?



M)1J Z

M&])]

QD*E0^REGT7Y.?W@\UR=4RM88([9








\TD91R?



M9YZHU\6N
C'X?R+QSHAG\:C$KA*KR745?M_C





THL829


]

Z/C3K9L6SB$T@E2D




M
-*!ACL?96T@5N:&1D:DZ1M:FM E++3(F] F(2)2P$D%%E@'1%WF$3+
M)%4]6RZ80ZPY96L D\_KL2\=?SF10V.O4P@HG4K1#H*'29R;E+U&!.1.M$K]






MEBXY4.


DES6Y&G.+=)'G2QX1+SC
MEJ984I-








(F$3)A$PB81,(F$3)A$PB81
(F$3
M)A$PB81,(F$3)A$PB81
(F$3)A$PB81,(F$3)A$PB81
(F$3)A$PB]^O
)HU_EK_;+__9
end








begin 644 g340478g31n70.jpg

M87 O



RUC
#$Q(#8V+C$T
M-38V
2P@
C Q
B\P

M.B\O;G


I

M
#$W+3 S+3 Q5#$R.C
P*S U.C


#
M
#%4
3(Z
S K
#4Z
S \+WAM







M05%%04%!04%!04%!)B-X03M!44%#07=11D)G8TE#46]
14%!0T%1341!9U%#
M0F=C1$)!24=!;DU06=-4D)!049)4DEX459%1T4R16EC645537!':$)X5WA1
M:5!)B-X03M5=$AH37A::3A#4GEG=D5L47I25&MQ2WE9
U!#3E51;FLV3WI.


M1$)#15--545&55).:$EG6GAG6D5Y)B-X03MO8DAW1DU(4C133D-&5DII8W9%


+VUN1EAF-&$X=68Y5W%Z+T%/:V5
+VUN1E5G.'ET-68P935S

47)#86$K13=*)B-X03M*8T-'
6=8
$96:6AL36-G.5(K9G=
5&5H
T9-



S15)&5#A!
'-R

S90



K1W9
;B]6

O.$%P2&DO-7!X5C
K1W9

O*VME3]!2G!X5C,K1W9,;B]!1F%R
M4]P2&DO-7!X5C

RM'=DQN+U9Q


M8E@Y1C-%



#)L37-)84U1:SEH.3)+;V4U.'AF;E1$;VDS

W%X



5!Z6BMA
M0C%J)B-X03M59%!S4$M01WEG;%)

M.4%X5C)+=7A6

M82\U4GI3=BM93S
O=T-44S1Q;4]+=7A6


M2&UN.')


RM53FQC3$Y&+VE$5TDW4U9G63=*8FM'
VE66E9L)B-X03M2

')2=5I%9$-K

O25!43%=Z;'1






M3%@O2T]A5B]Z0C(O+TIP8U936'I.-5 Q6%9T8F@Q2WHQ6G)&26]927926#%D
M

S-R=%)643AP*U).5C!06#5T575T






S42]W1%901EAF5DQJ+T%*8EIV=6@O




S




6]+
M3V%6+WI

DMP)B-X03MB-6
O-#0Q=B]S+RM4:EEQ;5=+
M=7A6



M=7A6


M0FI6

T@O2G!S






78O=G!0*T)')B-X03M+
M=2MR5R\X079P4M1TMU*W)7+RLK:R\T15EQ-S9T8B]W0RMK+S1%67$W-G1B



M04UR6&1H86%P9$HV)B-X03LR;W4P8T%T
$4S16]50CE4:%AH+V5I;&-66F5K



T@Q)B-X03LR

M;V1)-# Q5#1&0S%G
V]!4#(X5E)M2W!D-6PO=T-5)B-X03MC
5@O04IG-VHO
DXU;V4V)B-X03MT3'AW*VY7.71*-G=H2$XR2VM854Q4GA:44]/
M2W

+T%#5%A6




M
TLK;W1W0V9N9$I/=RMG:D9896PU:VE.5G5B4S95)B-X03MD26YH:V=9:C-L

M

R=$QD3&4Q:5='0TU54TY!











W%V+T%
-68W


M;7)&541F83=B5VMY

M;7HQ:E5I5'%F3S%T)B-X03M$
# V














M-FA.9W-94&19

M=T$X)B-X03M0*TXX5E)72W!D-6PO=T-58S%8+T%*9S=J+VLP
DMU.'1F.$%+

M1F96
V%'.6EU;6(T2E54.35(15EZ.%!F974Q1E5I








&U
=V\R;FPS;$5D



T\O3M9
M0F\K)B-X03M#2]555EQ:G9Q+VQB+W$P2B\S0C=J+W%L:7)19SAQ
#(P:% K

4ID=U=X46%9:V)X<#E5:6YT


$]M
FY71D1V=&%X)B-X03LT1F0O:&I28558



7A--$5H0C9+-VQ7
M-FLQ:T1(



M
T)
=U(O.&Q+:BM5-'%I8D123&5X:V5A14LQ
4E/33$S2T=K;F-$)B-X03MS
M

]/;B]!2]M<D988V)J)B-X03LK9% K05 X07I6


2]2
M
7=)16QM:FII:FY8:4MY4E!-.%-U=DU/2W!Y1D%$6#1Q67%M;S%7)B-X03LO

M1&0W2SA693=E9WI5+S)+8VU0

M


M3&-A:FPY6')4=E1N:7%





VAS5&)01DY/6DE41UI/
M6#DR=RM%.&AY*T=N


T
M:U-P47%A8VQ'






78O04PV

M+W9P)B-X03M0*T)'2W!692M6.4]+4WDV9$5T:&9S0S!C='8K-E%Y.59A5TY1
M635.*W9.1WA62R]



DA:

M-F9S9CA!9E8U+S!H6&XO5DQ&6&9P*W@O
S%E9CA!)B-X03M31F5F.55S5E=F


M059

E K*W)Z+W!#=E X07%L:7%Y4'I

V).




M2&ID8DLW25I71E%2*S8W:D96+S9F)B-X03MS9CA!9E8U+S!H6&XO5DQ&6&9P
M*W@O


O:TYL1$9D5V(S




W=Q:E!)*V\K
M93=Z

D1#
M6%EP1#9H2DDK




M;V)Z0D(K6CAT-C
V2&QS27)1

M8S!(

;2]/;S9A3TE+
FUN9U-F5E-3:W=%:CE*2W%F

M3V5O3%58
#9Y4G%!)B-X03LK
V


&M*1CE194UZ*W57


M1$

M



M*V17
&TQ;&545'1*=4=T-6YK:&E

%5F

#)3=W1
-U-P)B-X03LR.4EX3'%-=VU3-4I-2T0Q045
M:E9H25A+-TAT5W5&6%A&:MC
'I7-4XU65%Q=6XS:T8P:T1K0C=U47EF5EI5


WA64%1B1E558F(X.'AE96]K
FLK;%!:;&)H


M83%J9U)

W)B-X03MZ













N






M='

M( @/'-T1FYT.F9O;G1.86UE/E1I;65S3F5W4F]M86Y04TU4/]S=$9N=#IF
M;VYT3F%M93X*( @( @( @( @( @( @/'-T1FYT.F9O;G1&86UI;'D^
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N/]S=$9N=#IF;VYT1F%M:6QY/@H@( @( @( @

M( @( @( @( @/]R9&8Z;&D^B @( @( @( @( @(#QR9&8Z;&D@


M9F]N=$YA;64^B @( @( @( @( @( @(#QS=$9N=#IF;VYT1F%M:6QY











&%P+S$N,]S


#(T0D9%138Q
4)!-T8Y
D4X.30W0T$X-30\+WAM


$-$-4)!
7!E/2)2

#(T0D9%138Q
4)!-T8Y
D4X.30W0T$X-30\+W-T4F5F.FEN

#(T0D9%138Q
4)!-T8Y
D4X.30W0T$X-30\+W-T4F5F.F1O






#(T0D9%138Q
M
4)!-T8Y


#
M
#%4
3(Z
S K
#4Z
S \
M+W-T179T.G=H96X^B @( @( @( @( @( @(#QS=$5V=#IS;V9T=V%R

M.G-O9G1W87)E06=E;G0^B @( @( @( @( @( @(#QS=$5V=#IC:&%N



M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
MB @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @



    ! A%1H1(A
4%2D=$#

M$W+!\)DN'Q4]*BLH+(S/B_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P]3A:\+GAYS#P[M.Y1

[WROX:

@MZ6AIU



@MZ6AIU8Y1T.\X


EH:=6.4=#O.'W^0O


@MZ6AIU8Y1T.\


EH:=6.4=#O.'W^0OKSYD%O2T-.K'*.
MAWG#A;_(7UY\RWI:&G5CE'0[SAPM_D+Z\^9!;TM#3JQRCH=YPX6_P A?7GS



EH:=
M6.4=#O.'W^0OKSYD%O2T-.K'*.AWG#A;_(7UY\RWI:&G5CE'0[SAPM_D+Z


EH:=6.4=#O.'W^0OKSYD%O2T-.K'*.AWG#A;


Y7N21
MQKA.!62$D\2TVO[^U[7MMG7AXX2U!;BH:4YOH2-R\A/HX[ YPDC6FY


M5
VOKG'4ZL'BTZ

M?CI1.(Q^/%M&523G15P--5R7:0IG F
3S!






M


M84;2FHEFD_\ :0@=.0JDXJ:4SU-*54YZY)A\

M13


57B
M4;#HJP\5M%!$
M-


MHJ*


MM?(8=%E
=O.


1*N--972BRW6

M));)HDD-1W*Q%3?

MTC0M@1\@B:
VOX7VQLO:]MNU.ZB% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H/(G
M[




PKCI REV

K+(
D:'
M[J6
VY=B*M\D5'.!/GM 052
C@XYM
D$7SQ
ET_#^C0V^-[[
=WCM05;?#/V




)!M?;:


6^ULTX0($H ;
V
MMF9S






MT/D?1YC/ M?)Q:Y+6]4D%XOJ-&^](K/N.2X0(OY2S67$QVN[\B);4=B&06


[B$)!LD[2
M0#5 G




M&9F)];=/=P)DX8YE]PYH^TV;
*84E?2%W)CS1GW



;9 C%1%5IF9B]XM-M6^)O&J=\8+(
MV QPXZCANL1O 



[%$N9MUI U2?B^^$*-C6;9%]/24=DHT0DZ/CT@76
M%LHM=%



MZ9(L.3 [W \9#UZE2
[3;D

MO?5JF(B8OOC9

DH[IR2O0&DF)VBZ3YM
M:8C9DX@R)\./)0$3H\5AS!U73T LQRV3#/CH.;D%2AEGN\9F;Q&K7$1&K9-

*[+LYINY4@52
)#RC;96
J
M7N6]9I-TKD$QL D/HKI_J(^-4;(H<-FVP9D J\7@ ZL'S@L9RTXPVB:30TY
M+3
T'N2Y0SUL5


K6C'8!PYM



0.


M@MOQUH9 L$(J(+*6BN(Y/LMAPB1\;483F\I]YZK
AX

MBB/G%4@ZY-ZZ+.:(JY.=!7RHJ_%\O&2K# ;:NWSEU98M?-5!*(A)9/DRVM
X



M;7?E=^%(N;

5)!@U

MH. 





)*U'ULDXH]'&BQZVEL[/

MNOJ=D\G!)ZJT62$Q

J!VQY+*M0W5$4S

M#*MQ
FTE6(R#)[85[HY-Q+R\F-\10)/=-9#Q33;5#


;6D1M*.6#C.-IP00^GC'T@X)IQN@FL76D66&0KGVVHI!3M




J

7 EAB%8?OY^75A:K

1?]Z8-2S#I$PI%.H@V!45H$G
8=3F(K*$ONM.=R[FQ6M

!0E-75@31L

MN8E%3-20CTGM-7

NPW Y-IN
JY8_
MCHFS
X=


H;





5+N6



M'BP%]PGI\GH#QE1&W%S=:3M0'J^'JY%T!J--4;$R&VF?D$NNJQM72T(-$D
MI2:K.4'4 8$!).A524L^I8'#^.(V9-;

M%)(6ASKI$3D-840%\VD'CQ8DY5A/';*\Y+YV*J[CL(@+K@NHBW33E%UVMNVP



M

51AWN



WQQEX\9:FP



R;-N!W.I9'
#9J2TIBB

M*QD


MXR+]&:#Q!&9N+/T(G&:CGHGZ)@L7%BG@A3J'@T2Q(-.)H 8)H488

I9.O$(QP[C[\8L:-=KNU


%%!*-

M2ZTC%V[I=)$?O%2D)-(OUT)+R16]/-XZ
A#G\5Y81BQ0B;9I4DD8N(+
U5
3


M!^M:1770T1R*Q90--MQN&44_$J[5)8744-E-#-#$N39,;-6_P![Z[Q^$97O
M%&W2OTA0$O%92E2)Y.F%.98\[W0(K;^WS?A_P#0BH'$5^K:)@MM1D/EW1]/

M2%#$IL&46EN%!3_D(RBNJ.77&Z

MZ
/V2EQOFLGP90;*00U7FVN+:MN-[3:V5H60MF!&#!NL*[!K=09#D-D%6U)W
M=9#35\F0DQ]F)


NU^U:G&.Y



9(6701&2W
F2:WR:6LKB#B%D
ME?66XMM\T5S427U1Z6GG=HR

)YK$
M':EX



ZVLL)J/+ [=EQ& 8LIMV
M/)57%IQ(TD+;N@J2G ]%=





VUM2$16W(13;0-G&RY]QM
ME

R.)X

MQ1^MHHO&J^%M7K.ZUMGINU[4DN(@R)PEEB

M62S$AYMREK0L62'



M
]:P;

MD_:HZ@
-](11PL68#(\1/=O2\S)N5B!LPRG5#:L2P445U-93)+K66N)FG5;
M=$QL\U4[]NJ8WQ/)83NTRWD_H=:"Q&NJ.Y;3]I-)G^=3$D1-
%F?$&XD&R


CI1S _'(&_L2..$$*-


VOSAU



.YN*ZQL#(22IS%FY)343ZO';]CDU@@ G4J1G D$D=Z
MIHK2*N1?9:@H#5:=E]46M.&[QQ\=DVNFEJ&BSBU5:5V]
A63%-)&5R#HA]WO

K+J
E H% H% H% H
M% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H%!T@C9;@R\7=0S?1!704(

MD\2M



XZFG3CE/0]N+K5UJ)/






XZ






MK42?)+F]24T*L



M..4]'.3-M-=%=23D@C*:%D?53Y-



M6+S


V\(M&J-G[+[N[2;75

1BJ4$WVSW%%YRM[:ND)%


M*7:-3W:??Y6749*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*
M!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!01HVZ_N-5/]08-^_.

HFIQ

=JA=?':R8I;3$?3KAUPM






&BC1)R/A_
MMS8[?]](NR$[ML]BN1K&B
G'4[5+6=0RM?(*\-QHLYF!78^B%Q+@BSE*&*N_











SA+7G;#7\3B4OE
ME(T)K4E;
[#+4WZ[)KD?[M+
\A=0C&/HZ2R\N'4Z.3JD)1UG#N
^FM0BY@


M=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7E
MIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\
M=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7E
MIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\
M=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7E
MIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\
M=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7E
MIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\
M=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7E
MIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\
M=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7E
MIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\
M=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7E
MIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\
M=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7E
MIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\
M=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7E
MIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\
M=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7E
MIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\
M=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7E
MIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN9T#S\=W]Y=+^K::7EIY&CYJN:#NRN
MU;*A!VIT'QN8F+97;5TIME)G:S10Y4@1T@)@]\ BSTEIU'R%FM!T6A&!B]CK
M^D(V1 
!9B8-=)=*F%=



$;

6#L9!YXM



M.XIM365I4

M;L._/VS\PN^X-OQ6.A_T;X]_IUZ.=??J^ZKYE9=1DH% H% H*T=7OC%N*3_-



(8$7#
M 0(3#(
3''+&]K!M
_(!F+E?P8X7O18IJG9$SZ1+0@O&&X;F8@@+?V@;LAC!Y

MI

M1!!D



O@M

M@J8Q^[!CY)QQ*K(Q=*W=U:K3
[9QMA[:_%:7AA@%A@&'AB&&'CC@&'AC;###


M4L#;
3$L1
[(OO\ 2
9PCQ?XZ\YJ6*S-DPJ^))43

MVJYJQ)82CF 9M

DC88Q8?#$4+*UCVTZJ:8\L?#_ $S]&];^



;?0
@KVY;=JW2;E+6OR8E

Q&.XJ0NE
#NM1QY.4_);1PEDZ)R7YWZ\U)YAW

MAR.VOV'F_L]B[B-PCV/F_P#3S.3D_A1EOH($( (
$ (
$$+'' ((+#$
(/#&


%!\?#?WHH6=O#?P4$%7QPJ^':_5;)Q']1H@:CISY^
M63PB%%-02]
A
[VRR


3$(F


M;#P8@Y/N$)+=;8OF+;EN


7QQ%HI
M[VWA_PVRWI&O&R96LFH$*:GH:Z4C1'5E9ZO@\&MRM-$AK1I\S;
CGQPYN;E
MD^25BV:XXSO.R%R()F&9%LMX(84BUT%$3KV)XDF9G;NU1&Z(\$H*(4@4@4

MV+GH[=AWY^V?F%WW!M^*QT/^C?'O].O1SK[]7W5?
K+J
E H% H%!6CJ]\8M
MQ2?YM)?N*7:-3W:??Y6749*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!
M087(DD1]$;-7I%E-[-6.F$UR6:BXGD]EY
;+:16%[8]L*2RL&2A IAF)E@$
M%84?'(8?,, '',83##(*UK[8[2;EW[DZ!1N'&$,G^4(SO3LZSEU-;2HG_J\
MU36O70^(WG[

:)



F3 !


MQBW%)_FTE^XI=HU/=I]_E9=1DH% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H%


M21\Y

A&M&UM+5X?U6QMLYS&
7=S'?#M
M2W



M6$PQ


+*2]7#G!TA?/5WEYV(OHZ6IXLI+U<.<'2%\]



M]7#G!TA?/5WEYV(OHZ6IXLI+U
7G8B^CI:GBRDO5




M* ^'Z/(*1;C6QL)=\+(#G
AB89H337

1NF_M9JF*IUS$4TXS.WPB(C
M7/QO:A]IWLUM4H8N7B.JI5\
:YH

M*K
0$AJ
^&T9J-9O$Z4@-MMJ[70T!$2R8=@BB:D(Z64*IR:0*A8XAER9,N
M7!#M; 




MR\&5K88VME;_  RM:WA_WH/F*4*#@W+CE2XQ?+

2X H(8@-\PA
!0L[A9XW


M//A86LI


M60MR3
SKF;MNT0H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H


WDG'5!1%2E:ZHEXJ)\(F$;&.==.A5


6(-S7TZ^&?WQW


S:^[5'A[0E-1@4@4@4@4@4@4@4


6QA?5N/=GFZMRFJ.#)HMH3)N/)/8;Q=N)


M'



ZJZK0CI?#/UZU\:.+/C9F!G
R904X95%=75U0

M


GB8'OC? J5L+D9-B\@)8(
M4;+'XM?5&N57$F;2SAOA'$@1!HA #E,QG*;(=;!4]T=C;.6H73$)XH1]OG




&(.@$E)4
K*^$ISPMK_!V
2#'C31FL2.& \+X=OJO<DH6&6%06U\LC*LJBG%(V+F
M(,:-CB9YY$F9G;
SZMOT0H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H%
M H-)SOL? ^L3-S?\_P KLF*&IV:Y4DH.]:+D#*XH\F-PT9KHV-Q5QV. QS\


UL1+HZ6O< 0MJ8[TW\*

(_
[9]UB-$*!0*!0*!0*!0










-









M]O*/=NN.'IKQ3RPF!6*.R?]C! ;!'=E=D7(-+4QXVO?*^1=JJJP7!;L6HU
MK9Y! MN)6TQ6\$6M@!W-SMASKDF9](PC9UGWF4YJ(4@4@4@4@4@4@C
 @]F6\NXJROR D+D8IR4JKY%.B


M+;072LJA-^J*VVHER9JJYEX\B) Y -3=LKI@:T72T$/N0D%ARY496
@XJ)HL
M47FB+]Z(GTUSZX

U-UN6M



M=8RSO_EA;*_+X.3EHXZ%?#5REJ@SQT.%&$/F5);@-5QF0[\ER[)8



#DL)R<F5+583GT+4XS?[8M_[?@Z6\651
M_P#S[A8
[G?_ +BV4DKL7+_]



07$,7;K3:
M#K@:5IP<0*ID;!4P5($EFQDDRL9I4JEDU
R$#?MG*N/YU?PC=KF9B-F^;Q&
MOU3W38VXNFR*B2&B;=C9G5R
1C((PLG[DCZ4E)(6DJ^=L!LVYJM D AK*
-G
M:V8@&

MYMHF
I#2R(/+8(FF)+$9S7()Q4/EOV
N1 +A!\O)AAC;P4M.$\I2_A'*^WUN

7DY/AOR<E+3A
3P



F


(RTX3RENOMIJU1_'QB=?XM

4FE/A[TTS\P=[@U\*^!V]WZ;.%OV 4CB3;/FX?)\%





M##Q_RQM2TX3RDO3PS_=_C]GPU/\ .9WCUQWXRXB
PMZ4&Q*$F;(.^;5Q6;KZ

-TR7)RTX
Z0YC!.4#)*P)L


6$[\32TX3RE#I6UO&1 \L)WXFEIPGE(=*VMXR('EA._$TM.$\
MI#I6UO&1 \L)WXFEIPGE(=*VMXR('EA._$TM.$\I#I6UO&1 \L)WXFEIPGE(
M=*VMXR('EA._$TM.$\I#I6UO&1 \L)WXFEIPGE(=*VMXR('EA._$TM.$\I#I
M6UO&1 \L)WXFEIPGE(=*VMXR('EA._$TM.$\I#I6UO&1 \L)WXFEIPGE(=*V
MMXR('EA._$TM.$\I#I6UO&1 \L)WXFEIPGE(=*VMXR('EA._$TM.$\I$<-L7
M @'H44I);2#9D608/[&7*J1(P.)S)QCK//F!!#9B9\W#'+/+FXWYN..65^2
MUKWK5

M)JE&AI&9Z=DDXMS%CM-80@G/@[K KB



M)//@8HF$S**C'&JHXJG=LFH8*.9@4IVOB(3%/15VW\=43&E$Q$WV;KO5.[^!

MQRXM[?!B8
V04^H[2P<!
M+_P!NX L

QV%P#\-[Y%[F







M2XE&CF_3
5''&+EBYNN9.DB0&*'&#K666FR


MD9._#4O.


M2T81R@Z)M7Q9;_D9._#4O.
\Y+1A'*#HFU?%EO\ D9._#4O.
\Y+1A'*'2+\
M6QDZT\1)=

E\^6W@OS@[\MO!2\XRL1
M;9J]$
GUPH.&[(1[-76=





M=3$XK@

'O?7@W5DRA/

\TM1&RF*I

<9YR6C.4'1-J^++?\C)WX:EYQGG):
(Y0=$VKXL
MM_R
<9YR6C.4'1-
MJ^++?\C)WX:EYQGG):
(Y0=$VKXLM_R

<9YR6C.4'1-J^++?\C)WX:EYQGG):
(Y0CAM@W6^1A5

MF9THUSOW^$I


6XI/\VDOW%+M&I[
MM/O\K+J




.W
[H&H^6Q11+]
MG



MEK)A:3S.-O#F5/$YD.W[86-$F)C5,3'JD?1@4@4@4@4@4@4'$/D"
MH3,)ZF2**) V'D:(GRP)LF9R_:

E-&-HI%39


_P!.O1SK[]7W5?,K+J,E H% H%!6CJ]\8MQ2?YM)?N*7
M:-3W:??Y6749*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!018F31S3;83,<
MQ-NK<R8IF



M:2\*!C^SRR=K4^& F F\K6Q#R
C0TH!VOSALRH^67


(W_\ $7?IML]'[]$- 8^'
XGQML*C:WN6V?\ #!+)KBZ;




2UL@Q
!

MH% H%!\3!@ H 
:-# EBQ8$0P8
&!

6X

KH<^#APN<LN<%H



MBEV#/L6+4LLK
52TBJI(7E[$<355-'
D3Q43DOV

M@4@4@4@4@4$+M_I+8D3ZV*3LD1SI33;V4KZZHEE57-!E2W=%;VC
@2


6'
M2NK&S09/']:*;/QP^%9Q0(_E$$&V8/
0))B*Q\6P611!!SS[7N/XSLF:?77'


V1O^%U!UIVPW&'
?J4YVQ]$AR*81&-W\-NS3ML




\

8K


MOL]SN9S
^
6XI/\

M!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*# Y(BR
IC:A]B2Y'C'E!E*N/-4FC(350WDVC

QLFWHKYRX9Q.(\LE'139
MB==


M=5)E5TEUXFKY8V

0W[ N_VH^QZZ
M
R8XF-$*2J1Y


M+*!@'
(40DQ

MX6];1RO:_LQKVQ'$@F7WD%:-L[7QN&_UI&1-YIE2B:[8G^SB-AK_ *XVE!=$
M-9WO?/%-=$L





M&$&SSM802]W-;'

MQT/^C?'O].O1SK[]7W5?
K+J

PQ0A

;XYAB




M24I9+I)H7 
0RCD5 N8()!C
('(9-+%1
@ +Y=BP






MV[#OS]L_


MRZC)0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*

M[JOF5EU&2@^8MA
@A

[+6F



[3KMMQQ\(E*3OD1WYOCB6?9L0/S2HEHQC/H=\B._-\<2S[-B!^:

8SZ

M^??FD/$5:A-U/1HQTW#*SKLWBH2R^7\ME6VS&N1RRE&_9E=R+QXHE)16W)D8

^AWR([\WQQ+/L

TY-2E-;8&D'$5=J0BNQX
154$779O&RQ!X1^Y
M%)GO1NF1
91M8-4;3G1U1#52]_64)@&][WPY:+--MLQNG?.W7&R&:=\B._

9]#OD1WYOCB6?9L0/S2H6C&
^AWR([\WQQ+/LV('YI4+

8SZ'?(COS?'$L^S8@?FE0M&
9]#
MOD1WYOCB6?9L0/S2H6C&
^AWR([\WQQ+/LV('YI4+1C&?0[Y$=^;XXEGV;$#



M\:O7H[_OD1WYOCB6?9L0/S2H6C&
^AWR([\WQQ+/LV('YI4+1C&?0[Y$=^;X

MJ]XM.K?N\+7WLT[Y$=^;XXEGV;$#\TJ):
8SZ'?(COS?'$L^S8@?FE0M&
9]
M#OD1WYOCB6?9L0/S2H6C&
^AWR([\WQQ+/LV('YI4+1C&?0[Y$=^;XXEGV;$

K+J

-)(1'/(

M=DR1'


ML.8*]F[8$!#SP [*'V6^//QY0YM H% H%!UPX$%O A&%];2$,N.+V$ =8
M4B:8
8[?72))73#?; I3M


5 5(RF+R,HET8
MT:(K Y!4(G 4HZ1QMF=)J0I<<3 B:)X7MF:+FL@A2^-[9X86\-!_2KA0#RB

M-^0
3C]AQK%B



M 6[(*'EC8

BQ6DB

M4#0!
MB*9&P+EP\AS(@86(@Y@4



M?'*%\5$DLDR?/-$.Q&@S.(&8(G



RPV. ?L=2
M3BILB0-'R18\J9&
$PD.: !-J.90YDUB1+"8C&\BQ;'(P8Q+X7! QN*);
M$.U\J#FT@4@4'![J)EB.:I=1(]S \!!1%'MLOVC@&#EE@
)F;[)VOC@%GA

M@1HN2$-%PSAL(P


X$KF +'! !3092XP=C(A8$0((8Q@!?+
MLN0 0HX 0HV.%PPQ!@L
LK986N'7$'@*I4^=2UQ'4B:4;/$%0V04R1PJFG

4OX!\ Z#!GZU8DFI%


YQ$\H;P.V*)CR;2(M)AR6)BJ*6!:V8V..860UQG&5IR
MEL;M\C?$]G8Z4OBF9Y!*67;(/-3Q,H)[

]?G\A3/$D8+F\L![AY8E1P3%[



+ON#;


MB:O
Q$3.J9W[(B-46PVSJ\(8[)L0I


?P$KOH-/)O0&#)

6NT'/(34-#G+



MHS8=
%!2'8N-T\L+AHD(.@-8JX3 1U/
M3QU800U3

S5..
MJ_\ G)4[(\&/2


?-MY-C8OFKI!P1FGRYH4UJFK;MIG;;;H3$1





M.$0V8^E]II2FZ&W@G*(IA12\4A9
FR5DE1
&5!*[%W//&#!HL

MYM.
-Y40H% H

7-



M2J8FTQJUU3.K?JM



M\!03-K^EAV
M1:LHX[?2LH2$!LC$LJ+2AE@
]G@SUIKIJG;$\1(K[!;:LW&R
MHX60#3/+$A5HZ[3_ %3$1NT=M
QS]]J]^C!0*!0*#S[\1S4Z=9(VN0G!![K+


08$U&C$3OM5


U-IFGC'DNNF9=J4J
MHE-NJ9

!OR\R




W8P18L3+BF;*9^/U1+1

MO$K)\H%'1
ME.4'+#DPE#J&$WT

I%BQEO.V0WD[U
MHMV-Z(3KS#?O[^_S;1CTC7C,WO$[KVY1%M[T(T8*!0*#4T\E$8_
NDG63
MSB,:C9Z 'RBH"8(&0A6\H8X@& #&.8(UA1;AX!A98Y7$%OACAC?.^-KAYP7
MXT39OV.OIVV3K7/&9#:^.C81=NCH9L9Y-]:;6QL5OH/!&R*Y+:6HH+1*N85




M#!E?7#8L+6J34)@**BY;

P^K9OEN#+)TO$S
M

^U]








MF)O?5

M8^6G8(   !O)4()


&3


M!M^*QT/^C?'O].O1SK[]7W5?
K+J
E H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H%
M H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H%

+ON#;\5CH?\
M1OCW^G7HYU]^K[JOF5EU&2@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4
M@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4



4#UBH&68MBI

MB908LO,$RHJ0 \(\
M%L!0\LA

64X_S5'L
MD9KQW#-(!*FX]=:\S73W04K%QDT)/6FXJ6OF?P+WN2#.Y8X #897+
3$VG
M:X$3;!1I
+/


00A


%I5V'57LQ*([&L@P[!ZTQD.6'F?S(N'%<42[)'D9IG%!+
M;&X%P\GG#AA$3%3-'5P218B9V8Q'O.R
I;\3)%;I^ZL*;

V$5:6

IXY)P12^-AQ#^-RF



MF1=-30
+CC@ V$&P#7BSL6U&I';[DA\ME[L

I%G


Y+Z0A%T(JG!MO ^
M934YO8.5T.!MMH!Z+)DN#F51U-63R:8G*:



M^;QA*:2674%X\3




\HWTI65U 9.*
MBW[KY?NK5M;14IV97++2B SW1NKO.)WS-2.YP\D7H1BPHZ6V&WW0HG5P19


MXN5:#;JB@&U52LQ4Q655]OM\-36DA
474$$B*94NA*I0T,HE1%^QF


SA?%4
I9
M P2*'E(!/N)8V



M[7(I

=?*NP
B?0'@*6;D3FPHM0RIB








HO9JII!P



QD#V
M2V5!AD.S6Q)OCN+Y':!_(J1EJ
&9+K9;:\

M54 2Q[(J:/)X)\


V+$L4=
M/5\&FSGWFC#6R4;+ULL6B_V@K77^X/0RYA;*MW%SW==\D'$MM5W
+; 1^-L




M&)993X96U974VZAKCQ5XWC:4DJS25BVHE%@DHMN5&R6+8B9DE;NZ&K)(J2
M$


M9.R LJ';#+7_ -S'P7M_J)^5)'$RX REN!$#&8\+;7S\ Y&S(Y=UJ-MM-E-A

M





HA B
$456.?'4EQT+:T;=9X7U6_=T_C;Z.&U.'9-+#5X349A]2
M(V@B*&JVI$5FHYG$^8HEN*]80M8LC$?=E.HG










3SL7%1LZEIZTD#DE5F/M




MRXY=




W4@

$F0T@LLJTJ$1
M=L'HR)0;9103U-+(HJD0@AV
M):'B,O7*/B,FVS4@VDM(9%S+F!%5MGA?VB
M8SO/I[IGR)'^Q$IQX@(2_P#H11'(AO6,7(I@IQEV+J(Z,&8]$-QK2DBKJVB
M2U%RP:+I0H[7S3$]YKK7410
TQ\%%4H2=!




M5.'P%9J&\TU.47.O




M3+:4VNYC.V2VZA9&U!39J
JL!29Q _#;P1THJI!*C/AX\I$D
S&XQAT$O;9J
MZPG+ #




MFG2U@=A+RW@Z0*J_P D#( &2Q+M;NBEH9%12SUB8QXPMZ\Y^;M:?\ '1T8

7X848ES !BVT?$A&N 






LF$F;Y91;]]6M'%IFH/)WJ$QF4R
H\ED)]0
M


86&6S20.@H9)IN\()5422FW5$NEL\+V]XB/Q=)0OJXG+





M#*J.Q%M@X2N@*;QO+F98H'




2&M
M:U ()EL)9M(-XE\;F5CI1CW4
E!RV!3$@7%Q'%Q/EQ
WFJ=E[[/&;V]'?R-I
M@Z'Y(SS409Q0F:ZY4B8F^YTLPI%99B98BR*?T4F60P#V18T0LTG4GD[*9@
M\
JD#*=D_9:3Q$=7Q=N!XJ+_ .MTWQRY1@UDV-%Y?:;JA:32+NC0PZHC;FN[


VXW$

M##T91:D/)-:KK0Q3$9.8OBP.QG5QBNY/27:S@6ZVWBQUA90$IWIHF;W]9MZ7

MNUD_5LRZ DYA-MLG72UG

M]
W5I&@$TDY'M(Q]X0T:/%'##BL DE$9TIR$?O%K]W&5#1[N.2!+$&S@MM?:
ML$YDWT((3(5SLTSBKNE54G
J/O




H





M4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@


MNMN3_J/D/U50^EVG#G3U/=/7.ZVY/\ J/D/U50^EVG#G3U/=/7.ZVY/^H^




M_J/D/U50^EVG#G3U/=/7.ZVY/\ J/D/U50^EVG#G3U/=/7.ZVY/^H^0_55



MT]3W3UPCNMN3_J/D/U50^EVG#G3U/=/7.ZVY/\ J/D/U50^EVG#G3U/=/7

M/U50^EVG#G3U/=/7.ZVY/\ J/D/U50^EVG#G3U/=/7.ZVY/^H^0_55#Z7:



M3UPCNMN3_J/D/U50^EVG#G3U/=/7.ZVY/\ J/D/U50^EVG#G3U/=/7.ZVY




MNMN3_J/D/U50^EVG#G3U/=/7.ZVY/\ J/D/U50^EVG#G3U/=/7.ZVY/^H^





end








begin 644 g340478g57l02.jpg

M87 O



RUC
#$Q(#8V+C$T
M-38V
2P@
C Q
B\P

M.B\O;G


I

M
#$W+3 S+3 Q5#$V.C$U.C0V*S U.C
P/]X;7 Z36]D:69Y1&%T93X*( @


#
M
#%4
38Z
34Z-#8K
#4Z
M



C4V




14%!
M0T%1341!9U%#0F=C1$)!24=!;DU06=-4D)!049)4DEX459%1T4R16EC6455
M37!':$)X5WA1:5!)B-X03M5=$AH37A::3A#4GEG=D5L47I25&MQ2WE9
U!#


M341B445!06A%1$)#15--545&55).:$EG6GAG6D5Y)B-X03MO8DAW1DU(4C13


M4LK12LT67$W.4@R4LK12LT67$W.4@R4LK12LT67$W.4@R4LK12LT67$W







S%(6B\X05-O5#A2

X

M4#9G
C0X
#1F4UAO9FQZ.#$W831+


M2'5#3W5A=V=J675X0G1D9U

M


B]X

4I*-VMN1D


M3'5X)B-X03M6


M2$U853933U%D
&Y+

M:T5R44=.96(X=VA+.%5O

&E$-B]O
M5C5Q1CE+9VQK3GAP



T%S;'5
9&]F:5)G=G!I2EIU
M4VM&;5!%34=5:UEQ:F)F4R\K8V=5)B-X03MT3%=E*W9L=DY3:&4V6DDT:F%W

7!R



T$S
M

M
GHK6#E20F-L.4]N248Q1C%P
CE24B]-=C1J8DU85F%96EDO=T))8VY+
'5O

M95=8;FY
.'IT3C%+*SE
4TQJ5F)6=&-T-TLR0G
U46DV9DI.8T-74E!4:FIC
M1TY)

'EA

U9#67!#

'=*13
Q93
T

M3T

Q94Q'=FIH5FUC.'9N3%AD33!.

U1+
M

F)43'$K:VY%
$4X


WA6

4(K






M

M5E(K9V8X04AD
#









M5C)+=7A61#9H+W9$4#A!-F@O5FER=% O=T(T65 X055(-G-64D=+)B-X03MU


M6%EQ-T95.#AO85)E
RMS

W.6U4
C)P*UA.9&=-
M555T)B-X03MV9E)T


U)Q+VA43G!J)B-X03LW







M+VM85#9J435C9C%X
BM94WI69GDQ.'(S+T%#84]!


%8R2W5X5C)+
M;V95)B-X03M0.31:+W=$55 V<U9D<\K.$U(*V]0


&EV3$]A

V
Q)B-X03MR




DMU

T)6



M93

5EQ

M8GE8=6Y+


P=E5M831S4TQ'-V)D9V]R17@Y
2]:
M*V$O9&UO
69:34UM.%!43#=(8S90)B-X03MT;DIJ

M;W-B;3!:-%8O

:2MO8F0T-5!2869T1$1L
C%Q.4MY6]W1&]&=60V3CA5<$AS;F(O
M6F9D)B-X03MM
3 S6D=393AV4U!T9%)Q93)S54YO97
O63E)
%!Y-7!/:7=E

6U4)B-X03M-




M2'AC






M3FE+)B-X03MB-U564C-M2#AO3&Y73E
X
#-F-EI31U!Z3D=);6AA
&%4-G9X
M=&\W6E=1;6-

%!


M9FE$14E60W



DMU


V5O85)Q

0DY*3'HY)B-X03MF
M

'1H67=8
FXS+T%.
M94-Y
T1K1#9T8V9U558Q9V1G3&U!9D=W2W-L855C)B-X03MC;$MQ5#)0-5(S



M.$%*8D989C90+T%-=F8O2F)&6&8V4]W079F+TIB)B-X03M&6&8V4]Y.2]W
M1$IB1EAF-E X03AV9B]!0U=X5C


R]Y5WA6
M


%8S*VHO.'9F.$%Y
M5WA6)B-X03LS*VHO05!,,R]W06QS5F0O;R\X07DY+SAL<U9D+V\O+T%#.2\X
M;'-69]O+R]

R]!36QS5F0O;R]W1'DY+SA!2F)&5G-N
51G
W%F)B-X03M7
M9E1P.%A





3 N
M


O96QE;65N='
O
2XQ+R(^

Z=&ET;&4^B @( @( @( @(#QR





2XP+W0O

M+F-O;2]X87 O

C(@H@( @( @( @(!X



N861O





3(N
# P






# Q+C P



M/DU40E]?7U]?+E!&0CL@3517U]?7U\N4$9-/]S=$9N=#IF;VYT1FEL94YA
&UP
M5%!G.E!L871E3F%M97
^B @( @( @( @(#QR9&8Z4V5Q/@H@( @( @

M/')D9CIL:3Y-86=E;G1A/]R9&8Z;&D^B @( @( @( @( @(#QR9&8Z
M;&D^665L;&]W/]R9&8Z;&D^B @( @( @( @( @(#QR9&8Z;&D^0FQA
M8VL\+W)D9CIL:3X*( @( @( @( @/]R9&8Z4V5Q/@H@( @( @( \









M1#4X0S5!0D4V.49%138Q
4)!-T8Y


M0S5!0D4V.49%138Q
4)!-T8Y






M.49%138Q
4)!-T8Y






3-!0T0T.3$T1D5%
M-C$Q.$8R

M( @( @( @( @/'-T179T.G=H96X^
C Q-RTP
RTP
50P-SHS
3HQ-2LP
M-3HS





4)!-T8Y
D4X.30W

M=$5V=#IW:&5N/C(P

#
M
#%4
38Z
34Z-#8K
#4Z
S \+W-T179T.G=H
M96X^B @( @( @( @( @( @(#QS=$5V=#IS;V9T=V%R94%G96YT/D%D

M06=E;G0^B @( @( @( @( @( @(#QS=$5V=#IC:&%N9V5D/B\\+W-T

M( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
MB @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@

!  
!
M D&!PH% @,$ ?_$ #\0   & @ #! 8(!00!!0    $ P0%!@ '!$21=6
ME!


*#0
#!0    $  @
$!081
M!Q(A






M4?PM^22^6$3N\H_A:%\DE\L(G=Y1_T+Y)+Y81.[RC^%H7R27RPB=WE'\+0







5-.$8(RLP*


M-?EM551

4

O





(F$6)7B]536]9DK?=)EK!P$4EUN7CDPB910W/T+1FW3 R[U^

91O]'-5_0SUC;\Q)
MZ6Q2#8_--LN3F)H)@MZ@4JADGR\J)$EB$4(L(F$3*P?LU_Y\V+]+)__ BE
MX12A[5?^EHGZE5'^SGLEO@M\\C^J+W]2JHJXQ_

M@[$'H01W!'D0K$@@@$$$$;@CJ#V(/FOEF%E5Q]H#L;C!U\EK97A-K=FL:[

C(ZOL(_9$;

MIVFKW$U

T7.ZBY]2))L/7ZOK[_PZ_5ZU



M7LC*)I19)LTGJ[YTG+D1++LU3,GS?X_0MV810TWK[\_LT?\1UA%)C7?N-5
-IVGR6M^HQCM=QD19ZZVNY

9J





MDF-;T#97D

MV OJ$_[;75P?@P
-F_$=
[7K^G;3+Z0;1CW9[1]3PK
=
Q]A?QDJ5S=ZVTG(



:G'+*R!U;9/ \L-=NTM9J9/RKC7TY&G)L.

MB'B%*#'-;! :LOE@E==VV.-+1]KKQ:1-SCROR#J8A*\8FP]?K_COMM[-^^ZR
MOB&W-Q*_6;6=DX7H.V7#7MEUI'3%WC'VKYQD:O

MVOFT(RB+ Z@8G8D;9:@6=AOL/+?J3W'E]QNK4
+BH:;U]^?V:/\ B.L(I
:[
M]QJM^3



L;.R4H(6Y[L.
W7)


M^SH1]:V=4X3M5$KJD6ZW34JU

MDB+\

M@KVZ-I2S-*
(AKD*[


MU0K24I



M4B;__ *!U_AOM]*LOAC2Y

(K!^S7_GS8OTLG_\ **7A%*'M5_Z6B?J5

M/0CYS&3
+(

:[]QJM^3
_AX19GA$PB8
M1




2NLR\


(F$56/:;7=1M :VUVV6$ EI

ML'[-?^?-B_2R?_RBEX12A[5?^EHGZE5'^SGLEO@M\\C^J+W]2JHJXQ_

MM+^2PN:_+:JJB81
(F$3)A%O+AFNRFNN(+3MP(L*
5LN)2*@&Z!$E7Z4


M3)A$PB81,(F$4--Z^_/[-'_ !'6$4F-=^XU6_)F?P\(LSPB81,(F$3)A$P


!]A0Y$4



ML(I
:[]QJM^3
_AX19GA$PB81





_.N]
(F$3)A
M$PBAIO7WY_9H_P(ZPBDQKOW&JWY




+I[5NP\




K1W





E/3/&GB1I;PXZ6H[5ZG'L/0
UMEJQ8.T;'VBZW7C'DV
MI:K@#H.BB?5/ [AEJSQ)+VF:F/NR;DY#!?Z/:YW;[R/94#:=F0[[E]RI8).Q




M\-V^6 PL!?*99!E$P07IUG(C&RKSKY=;4]8M#=HYDBD-]@YFK1ZU$W(2+'*8

M

MK42AYQ



W!J%P9OLG7-KJ) 4!$DA)12YH1RJ(]($8V!J#F#
MD!Y^S_8R#@.8A[?:'.5L3J/!9UH=B
K2O'EYC%#.WTAC?7)5?R68O_)$U1?E
M=.YS.+
N
MSMZ[$R
KR&)H)_*?+R


OM)%V=!%1NY7-_]+:4AV[5
M/V\RK2W( 'K

Q,[:.")KY9I&1M<X[+[.G]/YC5.6IX/ T9LCD[

MPZE:J/I@!5ZJ3K33L%G

;T#8IU6
&@H=HP
LNH_DI'SAXL\7LMQ



C;!6KPVR
M'5-281




=+(O?B


M)A$PB81
(H:;U]^?V:/^(ZPBDQKOW&JWY

\9*(

BA.DY!$A@$2+Q

*



(F$6RM/:UEMP;.I





M5^5
(F$3)A$PB810TWK[\_LT?\ $=8128UW[C5;\F9_#PBS/)A$PB81
(F


W#?&M2AK3:N/:))W-:UK8H(X8(O4'AKPST_P


W=&)HNAM7*?)9C4#*IJO9

9F
I!P_P /8#Z&#G%K/RQ.
MW98S(8YD-#F:=G
QD4CW6&[N;Z=.8GM9+1ZVTY:Y5#3)A$PB81,(F$3*&F

(OR/V#*48O(R2:


M:YT-.OO+
X@9N7,YRQN1S1T:$)<*6,J\V
M[:U2)Q.P[&:9^\UB3X<KR0T-]4M!: T]P[P46$P%;E'P9+^0F#'7LI;#=G6K
MDK0.8]Q#SE@K1GPX6-'
7:9S35NR81

P20Z0QLX


I2)D

M
(F$3)A$PB810TWK[\_LT?\1UA%)C7?N-5OR9G\/+

)XDBFAEC+7QRQO:U\<C'!S'
M.:00J+N+CLXYNJ.)/87#_'N[!5%#+/9;7: J.[!7 'J555K0&
=Q8(8OV@+




(F$3*&F]??G]FC_B.L(I,:[]QJM^3,_AX1
M9GA$PB81,(F$3)A$PB81
(F$41]]\%6C]_&=2TW'JUV7*(A=ZD$=+.5@#
MD0TVT



M%1^U037(?[TU$3J)J%Y&3
8H@(P9EM.:@P

M:]I\G


M' $+\^*ON)A%D=;IUNN3P(ZH5:Q6I^)BE!E7(22FW8F-[AZO&MG*O
WX?8


9;&XFN 2


]S%C*

\-M.MEBQEJUJN^T.#8

M'&^.O*WKSX_'#FK

MVKC2TELD48J4Y6G:2FX@%3=R:E!B81
(F$3)A$PB81,(F$3*&F]??G]FC_

UKV.&SFN

5'A&O$VRA$&O#I
M=;1
L74K$P;9'65CL
TP;*2B3I[&1I0=/Y%LDO!S**SINDH@FO$R::JI3
'8


M:&5??0(U./N$)79:8=NR6NNM3QS)JI*
)6980\@S:2KE)F;K@T3HVLX/K:2T

T^O=LEQP/\


3V

(F$3)A$PBAIO7WY_9H_P(ZPBDQKOW&JWY
M




!-QX:C

A+!


MGULULU%LP^FG58QX12PN'43=F4;

3$TW)(R


;-6Z2GKFY8?6RV6^:GR$D]_O]
M_P#'8*3.%A

M(LSPB81
(F$3)A$PB81,(F$3)A$PBBQM[@XTAO*X


M8:78(J\OCRM2F-DU6$I]Y/!O%T3N6L+98VNPTI
4P5S425N$9'7:6K$A:&#2

ME(UND[;L635M'.&3%=!!U#-WC-6928*E$/I2;M@'5/&W.VQTT6%O[)A$PB8
M1,(F$3)A$PB81







M%
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingHandlingAndTransportationCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_RestructuringChargesDirectCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_RestructuringChargesOperatingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_RefinancingCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCostsAndDiscounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_InventoryExcludingUsdaCommodityInventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_DonatedCommodityInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsMiscellaneousNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_LiabilityUnderTaxReceivableAgreementCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedAdvertisingCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_AccruedObligationsUnderCommodityProgramCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_LiabilityUnderTaxReceivableAgreementNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteSubscriptionsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=apfh_OaktreeCapitalManagementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueCapitalContribution'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesCapitalContribution'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRedeemedOrCalledDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRedeemedOrCalledDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_ReclassificationOfStockBasedAwardsToEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_StockholderNoteReceivableInterestDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_StockholderNoteReceivableIssuanceDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_StockholderNoteReceivableRetiredDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRedeemedOrCalledDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRedeemedOrCalledDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_ReclassificationOfStockBasedAwardsToEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_StockholderNoteReceivableInterestDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_StockholderNoteReceivableIssuanceDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_StockholderNoteReceivableRetiredDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalDirectorsCompensationValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesDirectorsCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRedeemedOrCalledDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRedeemedOrCalledDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_ReclassificationOfStockBasedAwardsToEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Dividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_InitialObligationUnderTaxReceivableAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_StockholderNoteReceivableInterestDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_StockholderNoteReceivableIssuanceDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_StockholderNoteReceivableRetiredDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtRefinancedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCostsAndDiscounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_ForgivenessOfNoteReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentAssetsAndLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDebtNetOfIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebtAndCapitalSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_PaymentsOfOtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesFinancingActivity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromPaymentsForLongTermLoansForRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_TaxReceivableAgreementTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansNotesTradeAndOtherReceivablesDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 18pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WIDTH: 38.85pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeasesDisclosuresTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WIDTH: 52.2pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WIDTH: 90.65pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WIDTH: 38.85pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WIDTH: 38.85pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 18pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_DisclosureOfShareBasedCompensationAndEmployeeBenefitsTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WIDTH: 138.8pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WIDTH: 150.85pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WIDTH: 156px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
0) 1px solid; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 18pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowElementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowSupplementalDisclosuresTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WIDTH: 156px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
0) 1px solid; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
&#xA0;The
 preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
 principles generally accepted in the US (&#x201C;GAAP&#x201D;)
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
 the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
 contingent assets and liabilities at the date of such statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
 reporting period. Significant accounting estimates include
 estimates of fair values for inventory, goodwill, other intangible
 assets, other long-lived assets and liabilities under income tax
 receivable agreements, in addition to accounting estimates for
 sales discounts, promotional allowances,&#xA0;<font style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: nowrap; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiscalPeriod'
&#xA0;The
 Company operates on a&#xA0;<font style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: nowrap; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
&#xA0;or&#xA0;<font style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: nowrap; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
&#xA0;fiscal
 year ending on the Saturday closest to December&#xA0;31. The fiscal
 year ended December&#xA0;31, 2016 (&#x201C;Fiscal 2016&#x201D;) and
 January&#xA0;2, 2016 (&#x201C;Fiscal 2015&#x201D;) were&#xA0;<font style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: nowrap; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
&#xA0;fiscal
 periods. The fiscal year ended January&#xA0;3, 2015 (&#x201C;Fiscal
 2014&#x201D;) was a&#xA0;<font style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: nowrap; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
&#xA0;fiscal
 period. The fiscal year ending December&#xA0;30, 2017
 (&#x201C;Fiscal 2017&#x201D;) will be a&#xA0;<font style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: nowrap; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
&#xA0;Cost
 for inventory is composed of the purchase price of raw materials
 plus conversion costs. Inventories are stated at the lower of
 cost&#xA0;<font style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: nowrap; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
&#xA0;<font style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: nowrap; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InternalUseSoftwarePolicy'
&#xA0;Capitalized&#xA0;<font style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: nowrap; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
&#xA0;software
 costs include external consulting fees and payroll-related costs
 for employees that are directly associated with, and who devote
 time to, the software projects during the application development
 stage. Capitalization begins when the planning stage is complete
 and the Company commits resources to the software project.
 Amortization of the asset commences when the software is placed
 into service. The Company amortizes&#xA0;<font style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: nowrap; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_DeferredLoanOriginationCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
&#xA0;The
 Company records revenues from sales of its food products at the
 time that title and risk of loss transfers. Standard shipping terms
 for domestic customers are FOB destination point. Based on these
 terms, title and risk of loss passes at the time the product is
 delivered to the customer. For the majority of the Company&#x2019;s
 international customers, shipping terms are FOB shipping point.
 Based on these terms, title and risk of loss passes at the time the
 product departs from the Company&#x2019;s plant or warehouse.
 Revenue is recognized as the net amount to be received by the
 Company after deductions for estimated discounts, product returns,
 and other allowances. These estimates are based on historical
 trends and expected future payments (see also&#xA0;<i style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfSalesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GovernmentContractorsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
&#xA0;The
 Company&#x2019;s compensation structure includes a stock-based
 incentive program that allows for the issuance of stock options,
 performance stock, restricted stock and restricted stock units
 (&#x201C;RSUs&#x201D;). Compensation expense related to stock-based
 compensation is recorded in accordance with ASC&#xA0;718,
 &#x201C;<i style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SelfInsuranceReservePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;The
 Company accounts for derivative financial instruments at fair
 value, as required by ASC 820 &#x201C;<i style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
&#x201D;
 (&#x201C;ASC&#xA0;820&#x201D;). The Company did not elect the fair
 value option permitted by ASC 825,&#xA0;<i style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_LiabilitiesUnderTaxReceivableAgreementPolicyTextBlock'
In
 connection with the IPO, the Company entered into an income tax
 receivable agreement (&#x201C;TRA&#x201D;) with its&#xA0;<font style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: nowrap; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
&#xA0;stockholders
 that requires the Company to pay the&#xA0;<font style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: nowrap; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
&#xA0;stockholders
 85% of any realized tax savings in US federal, state, local and
 foreign income tax that it actually realizes (or that it is deemed
 to realize) as a result of the utilization of tax attributes that
 originated during the&#xA0;<font style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: nowrap; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
&#xA0;period.
 Since this represents a transaction with shareholders, the Company
 simultaneously recorded a reduction of additional paid in capital
 when it recorded the initial liability. Any changes to the
 liability due to early termination or acceleration will be recorded
 in additional paid in capital. Any increases or decreases to the
 liability that are due to new or changed circumstances (such as
 changes in tax rates or significant disallowed deductions) will be
 recorded to&#xA0;<font style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: nowrap; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_ContingentConsiderationPolicyTextBlock'
&#xA0;As
 discussed in Note&#xA0;4, as part of the consideration for an
 acquisition made in Fiscal 2015, the Company agreed to make certain
 future payments to the seller based on the achievement of certain
 volumes. As a result, the Company recorded a liability related to
 such contingent consideration. Since the Company believed that the
 minimum volumes included in the agreement would be achieved or
 exceeded, the fair value of the liability recorded was based on the
 net present value of the maximum payment amount included in the
 agreement. Periodically, the underlying assumptions are evaluated
 and the fair value of such contingent consideration is adjusted, as
 necessary. Any changes are recognized in earnings, pursuant to ASC
 805 &#x201C;<i style=FONT-SIZE: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_BusinessAcquisitionConsiderationTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationSinceAcquisitionDateTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_ScheduleOfRecallReceivablesTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsAndGoodwillTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WIDTH: 38.85pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsEffectOnOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_ScheduleOfVariableRatesAndRelatedMarginsTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WIDTH: 52.2pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfLineOfCreditFacilitiesTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WIDTH: 90.65pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SummaryOfOperatingLossCarryforwardsTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SummaryOfValuationAllowanceTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WIDTH: 38.85pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRentExpenseTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSaleLeasebackTransactionsTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WIDTH: 38.85pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsActivityTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_NonvestedAndVestedRestrictedStockSharesActivityTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WIDTH: 138.8pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationActivityTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WIDTH: 150.85pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsAwardActivityTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WIDTH: 156px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
0) 1px solid; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfBusinessAcquisitionsByAcquisitionContingentConsiderationTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowElementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowOperatingCapitalTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtConversionsTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCashFlowSupplementalDisclosuresTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteStockSplitConversionRatio1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_IPOMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssuesBySellingStockholders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssuesByCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=apfh_OaktreeCapitalManagementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiscalPeriodDuration'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BankOverdrafts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MoneyMarketFundsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommercialPaperAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_MinimumPercentageCriteriaOfIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFairValueOverCarryingValueOnImpairmentAssessment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsIndefinitelivedExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_IPOMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_PaymentToExistingStockholdersAsPercentageOfCashSaving'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201503Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ScenarioForecastMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiscalPeriodDuration'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=apfh_FoodserviceSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=apfh_FoodserviceSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=apfh_FoodserviceSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=apfh_FoodserviceSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=apfh_FoodserviceSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_NumberOfSignificantCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_InitialObligationUnderTaxReceivableAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_LiabilityUnderTaxReceivableAgreementCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_InitialObligationUnderTaxReceivableAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_IPOMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_ExpectedFuturePaymentToExistingShareholdersUnderIncomeTaxReceivableAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_IPOMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_IPOMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_InitialObligationUnderTaxReceivableAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_AlliedSpecialtyFoodsIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAcquiredFromAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_BusinessAcquisitionNonRecurringExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_AlliedSpecialtyFoodsIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AreaOfRealEstateProperty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_NumberOfCookLines'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_NumberOfSlicingLines'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_NumberOfBreakawaySteakLine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_AlliedSpecialtyFoodsIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AreaOfRealEstateProperty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_NumberOfCookLines'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_NumberOfSlicingLines'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_NumberOfBreakawaySteakLine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_LandshireAssetAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_NumberOfYearsInWhichEarnOutPaymentsToBeMade'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_BetterBakeryAssetAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_LandshireAndBetterBakeryAcquisitionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_BusinessAcquisitionNonRecurringExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_BusinessAcquisitionManufacturingStartUpInefficiencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_BusinessAcquisitionSeveranceProfessionalFeesTravelAndContractExitCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_AlliedSpecialtyFoodsIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_LandshireAssetAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredLiabilitiesIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_BetterBakeryAssetAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_AlliedSpecialtyFoodsIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationGoodwillExpectedTaxDeductibleAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_AlliedSpecialtyFoodsIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_AlliedSpecialtyFoodsIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_AlliedSpecialtyFoodsIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_LandshireAssetAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationGoodwillExpectedTaxDeductibleAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_LandshireAssetAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_LandshireAssetAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_LandshireAssetAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_BetterBakeryAssetAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationGoodwillExpectedTaxDeductibleAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_BetterBakeryAssetAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_BetterBakeryAssetAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_BetterBakeryAssetAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksAndTradeNamesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_NoncompeteAgreementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_AlliedSpecialtyFoodsIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_AlliedSpecialtyFoodsIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_AlliedSpecialtyFoodsIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_AlliedSpecialtyFoodsIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_LandshireAssetAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_LandshireAssetAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_LandshireAssetAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_LandshireAssetAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_BetterBakeryAssetAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_BetterBakeryAssetAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_BetterBakeryAssetAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_BetterBakeryAssetAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_AlliedSpecialtyFoodsIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaNetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_LandshireAndBetterBakeryAcquisitionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaNetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_AlliedSpecialtyFoodsIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationProFormaInformationRevenueOfAcquireeSinceAcquisitionDateActual'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationProFormaInformationEarningsOrLossOfAcquireeSinceAcquisitionDateActual'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_LandshireAssetAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationProFormaInformationRevenueOfAcquireeSinceAcquisitionDateActual'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationProFormaInformationEarningsOrLossOfAcquireeSinceAcquisitionDateActual'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_BetterBakeryAssetAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationProFormaInformationRevenueOfAcquireeSinceAcquisitionDateActual'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationProFormaInformationEarningsOrLossOfAcquireeSinceAcquisitionDateActual'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableGrossCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_ReservesForSalesReturnsAndUncollectibleAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_FullAmountOfInsuranceClaim'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SelfInsuranceReserveCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainContingencyUnrecordedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InsuranceSettlementsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_RecallReceivablesClaimAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_RecallReceivablesClaimAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=apfh_DistributionExpensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_RecallReceivablesClaimAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_RecallReceivablesClaimAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_RecallReceivablesClaimAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NontradeReceivablesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InsuranceSettlementsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_RecallReceivablesClaimAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SelfInsuranceReserveCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromInsuranceSettlementOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InsuranceSettlementsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcess'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_InventoryExcludingUsdaCommodityInventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetByTypeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetByTypeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetByTypeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetByTypeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetByTypeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetByTypeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetByTypeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetByTypeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetByTypeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SoftwareDevelopmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetByTypeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SoftwareDevelopmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetByTypeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SoftwareDevelopmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetByTypeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetByTypeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetByTypeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetByTypeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_VehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetByTypeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_VehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetByTypeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_VehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetByTypeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetByTypeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareAmortization1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_IntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksAndTradeNamesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_IntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_ContractualRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_IntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TradeSecretsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_IntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksAndTradeNamesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_IntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_NoncompeteAgreementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_IntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_IntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TradeSecretsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_IntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksAndTradeNamesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_IntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_NoncompeteAgreementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_IntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_IntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_IntangibleLiabilityDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=apfh_FoodserviceSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=apfh_RetailSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=apfh_ConvenienceSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReserveQuantitiesByTypeOfReserveAxis=us-gaap_NaturalGasReservesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_PercentageOfFuelRequirementsHedged'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MaximumLengthOfTimeHedgedInPriceRiskCashFlowHedge1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeNumberOfInstrumentsHeld'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReserveQuantitiesByTypeOfReserveAxis=us-gaap_NaturalGasReservesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EnergyAxis=us-gaap_FuelMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_PercentageOfFuelRequirementsHedged'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MaximumLengthOfTimeHedgedInPriceRiskCashFlowHedge1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeNumberOfInstrumentsHeld'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EnergyAxis=us-gaap_FuelMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingHandlingAndTransportationCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OciBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTaxAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OciBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTaxAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OciBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTaxAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingHandlingAndTransportationCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WriteOffOfDeferredDebtIssuanceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=apfh_FirstLienTermLoan2016Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_PortionOfProceedsFromDebtIssuanceRetained'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarlyRepaymentOfSeniorDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentTermsBalloonPaymentToBePaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtRelatedCommitmentFeesAndDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=apfh_FirstLienTermLoan2016Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=apfh_FirstLienTermLoan2012Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_PrepaymentOfDebtCovenant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_RejectionOfMandatoryPrepaymentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=apfh_SecondLienTermLoan2012Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=apfh_PriorTermLoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtExtinguishmentCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_WriteOffOfDebtOriginalIssueDiscountPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WriteOffOfDeferredDebtIssuanceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=apfh_FivePointFivePercentageSeniorUnsecuredNotesDueTwoThousandTwentyFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarlyRepaymentOfSeniorDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_WriteOffOfDebtOriginalIssueDiscountPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WriteOffOfDeferredDebtIssuanceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtRelatedCommitmentFeesAndDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_DebtInstrumentIssuancePricePercentageOnFaceValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_DebtInstrumentBearingInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFeeAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_DebtInstrumentApplicablePremiumPercentageOfPrincipalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentageOfPrincipalAmountRedeemed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_RedemptionPriceEqualToPercentageOfAggregatePrincipalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_RedemptionPercentageOfNotesInCaseOfChangeOfControl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_DebtInstrumentRepaymentDefaultDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=apfh_AblRevolvingCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=apfh_AblRevolvingCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnsecuredDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_InsurancePremiumFinancing'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=apfh_FirstLienTermLoan2016Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_LongTermDebtNetOfDiscountPremiumAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_LongTermDebtNetOfDiscountPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=apfh_FirstLienTermLoan2016Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_LongTermDebtNetOfDiscountPremiumAttributableToRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=apfh_FirstLienTermLoan2012Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_LongTermDebtNetOfDiscountPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=apfh_SecondLienTermLoan2012Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_LongTermDebtNetOfDiscountPremiumAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_LongTermDebtNetOfDiscountPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=apfh_SecondLienTermLoan2012Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_LongTermDebtNetOfDiscountPremiumAttributableToRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=apfh_FirstLienTermLoan2016Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=apfh_FirstLienTermLoan2012Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=apfh_SecondLienTermLoan2012Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=apfh_OaktreeCapitalManagementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=apfh_OaktreeCapitalManagementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=apfh_OaktreeCapitalManagementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableRateAxis=us-gaap_LondonInterbankOfferedRateLIBORMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableRateAxis=us-gaap_LondonInterbankOfferedRateLIBORMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableRateAxis=us-gaap_BaseRateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableRateAxis=us-gaap_BaseRateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCurrentBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LettersOfCreditOutstandingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodAxis=us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodAxis=us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodAxis=us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodAxis=us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtByMaturityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsIncomeTaxReconciliationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_IncomeTaxReconciliationMergerAcquisitionAndIpoRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperationsTaxRateReconciliationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_EffectiveIncometaxRateReconciliationMergerAcquisitionAndIpoRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComponentsOfDeferredTaxAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsStateAndLocal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwardsAlternativeMinimumTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_VariousDeferredTaxAssetsNetOfValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComponentsOfDeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccruals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceRecordedInOciDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_DeferredTaxAssetsRecordedInOciValuationAllowanceAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxPeriodAxis=apfh_TaxYear2017To2021Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxPeriodAxis=apfh_TaxYear2022To2026Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxPeriodAxis=apfh_TaxYear2027To2031Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxPeriodAxis=apfh_TaxYear2032To2035Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxPeriodAxis=apfh_TaxYear2032To2035Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceReleased'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowancesOtherDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansReceivableNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_ReceivablesFromStockholderMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansReceivableNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_ReceivablesFromStockholderMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansReceivableNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_ReceivableInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_ReceivablesFromStockholderMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansReceivableNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_ReceivableInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsPresentValueOfNetMinimumPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleLeasebackTransactionImputedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=apfh_OfficeSpaceCincinnatiOhMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRentCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentAxis=us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeasingArrangementsOperatingLeasesTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseArrangementTypeAxis=us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsPresentValueOfNetMinimumPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseArrangementTypeAxis=us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeasingArrangementsOperatingLeasesTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseArrangementTypeAxis=us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeasingArrangementsOperatingLeasesTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsPresentValueOfNetMinimumPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsInterestIncludedInPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsPresentValueOfNetMinimumPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseArrangementTypeAxis=apfh_ColdStorageMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandAndBuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_EquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PresentValueOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsSaleLeasebackTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinimumLeasePaymentsSaleLeasebackTransactionsWithinOneYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinimumLeasePaymentsSaleLeasebackTransactionsWithinTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinimumLeasePaymentsSaleLeasebackTransactionsWithinThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinimumLeasePaymentsSaleLeasebackTransactionsWithinFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinimumLeasePaymentsSaleLeasebackTransactionsWithinFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinimumLeasePaymentsSaleLeasebackTransactionsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinimumLeasePaymentsSaleLeasebackTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPortionOfMinimumLeasePaymentsSaleLeasebackTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PresentValueOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsSaleLeasebackTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_LandshireMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_LandshireMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_BetterBakeryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_RepaymentsOfOtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesFinancingActivity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_RestructuringChargesDirectCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_RestructuringChargesOperatingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=apfh_OaktreeCapitalManagementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_SuccessFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_PublicFilingMergerAndAcquisitionExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=apfh_ProductLineReconfigurationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_RestructuringChargesDirectCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_LandshireAndBetterBakeryAcquisitionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationIntegrationRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_RestructuringChargesDirectCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_RestructuringChargesOperatingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_RestructuringChargesDirectCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_RestructuringChargesOperatingCostsNetOfAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=apfh_RestructuringPlanPriorTo2013Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_RestructuringChargesDirectCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_RestructuringChargesOperatingCostsNetOfAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=apfh_RestructuringPlan2013Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_RestructuringChargesDirectCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_RestructuringChargesOperatingCostsNetOfAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=apfh_RestructuringPlan2015Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_RestructuringChargesDirectCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_RestructuringChargesOperatingCostsNetOfAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveAccrualAdjustment1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=apfh_EquityIncentivePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_ReclassificationOfStockBasedAwardsToEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=apfh_EquityIncentivePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_NumberOfAwardeesInIncentivePlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_LiabilityToHoldersOfGrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_CallPriceExpirationPercentageOfPublicOffering'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_LiabilityToHoldersOfGrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedRollforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardVestedEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsRepurchasedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardVestedEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardVestedEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardVestedEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardVestedEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=apfh_EquityIncentivePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=apfh_RestrictedStockUnitsAndEmployeeStockOptionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualMaximumContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsAndMethodologyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOtherThanOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedRollforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOtherThanOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardVestedEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardVestedEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAggregateIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanNameAxis=apfh_Plan401KMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanNameAxis=apfh_Plan401KMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanNameAxis=apfh_Plan401KMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanNameAxis=apfh_SelfInsuranceGroupMedicalPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnsecuredDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=apfh_LandshireAssetAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredLiabilitiesIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=apfh_FirstLienTermLoan2016Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_LongTermDebtNetOfDiscountPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=apfh_FirstLienTermLoan2012Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_LongTermDebtNetOfDiscountPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=apfh_SecondLienTermLoan2012Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_LongTermDebtNetOfDiscountPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiabilityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsChangeInEstimateOfContingentConsiderationLiabilityIn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsChangeInAmountOfContingentConsiderationLiability1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=apfh_OaktreeCapitalManagementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=apfh_OaktreeCapitalManagementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=apfh_OaktreeCapitalManagementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=apfh_OaktreeCapitalManagementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=apfh_OaktreeCapitalManagementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_RelatedPartyQuarterlyManagementFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionSellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_RelatedPartySuccessfulPublicOfferingManagementFeeMultiple'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_RelatedPartySuccessfulPublicOfferingSuccessFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=apfh_MaineStreetHoldingsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_RelatedPartyQuarterlyManagementFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionSellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_DistributedEarningsLossAllocatedToParticipatingSecuritiesBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_UndistributedEarningsLossAllocatedToParticipatingSecuritiesBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_NetIncomeLossAllocatedToCommonStockholdersBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingDilutedDisclosureItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingDilutedDisclosureItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingDilutedDisclosureItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingDilutedDisclosureItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_NumberOfSchoolDistrictsInWhichCompanySupplies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_CorporateNonSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=apfh_SandwichesProductMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=apfh_SandwichComponentsProductMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=apfh_OtherEntreesAndSnacksProductMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialDataAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceReleased'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_ClaimAmountPerOccurrence'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_ClaimAmountPerOccurrence'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowElementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentAssetsAndLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowElementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WriteOffOfDeferredDebtIssuanceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_PrepaymentPremiumOnTermLoans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_OriginalIssueDiscountOfTermLoans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtRefinancedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_LiabilitiesUnderTaxReceivableAgreementIncurredDuringNoncashOrPartialCashTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_InsurancePremiumsFinanced'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_apfh_CommonStockSurrenderedToRetireNotesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ScenarioForecastMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredOfferingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'

O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C

0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+

-G[#+
:
 .

M]8??5=AY8W?V'QM?!-L&?MU%^P502P
$%     @ 

M !




B0103 9IZ_PP JE3%ZU6FD PSA]R1
2
(<7<K_WUE[O)



9:AAOBTQJP1X!-]M[X(


MCVFS(Z=T)LWH







M\J(A[J&&F


O



=RC7!
M(%Y+^ACOJ==.3#VI@??3DL_UNB%3U*;8*HYDZWM*JT);6./[U1?]#4Q''_




G'



P6F
1F-+9O%0@SY0N<]\C-:NP$&H9C0X]9&;^]@*MUR


^7Q5)=DPJ.A9ZFZF

;*UFNI

M5

M?2T/EU!.!&6 


M(&D/.0UE
C8#XUV#,[*[H-2YOI+4PLIS]NPO WE;1'O 6*FXP@CC1.(-X.3
M)@.9(=X,#B 59F:^+,O;4MXIXFW).$Z95'6#



MRF:$ WAC 6HL6%C7P!B+AL5EYO!J522YTT&MEIF]
KX.T%)%$\







MA.Y



V[JON4W.
A_2?EZ;=5WUZ;5^+[MC&
M:C

M[EZW_?A6Z.U6O\

MQ5-W]3P;4GEJFN_#RV^;A[D:'

M\T?I7\;D4S)/51?73?WW;M-O'^9^/MO$E^JM[K\VIU_CE)=SZ;L?X_OL4[R
MP4FJX[FIN_'O[/FMZYO]5$JRLJ]^G']WA_'W-)7_$28'P!0 EP!M?AJ 4P2
/HYM-_XO9=NEK^_+4B^*]Z&<

X2-TH.HT0K

ME
2
(/-HL93=E**;DKLAU:Q*5DUJ?J##C:M0VZ!D+T[TXK@71[PXGC)H32;'

MR- %R


MP&LR8)%VN:S3.M=&


ME1E/
BJUXS
PEY4
.

Q&


D

V=JCD







@1Q/44A0%08I:TG3^MC2^'=^6

M&M9Y'$X;_T.XK@JM-X*?#0SBIN_I2O:

M%



=J

M$TV:AU$3W6@L1;54Q/\D2 '
%)&3(C+QR1U%;%&
FLQHNI&BV.I2;$;H[8


P!E5M0V6*J


DID&PK4S

M^W*QVMX





M48 @)F:O9UFU6E&C@)[.3E:EW$N)D=K+.=R=D!RC*1;@;+RL+1FD7GS_#\

M5H

M8ET1

M@Q%--&R19*&+YFCT^[GQ^OMA5HL%GE

M
Z*X&





MV_/Q\?7N+?_@=0
M2P,$%     @ ,HEI2I\&E1/2!   &A<  !@   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H



ML1Q6D7HP8?0WP\=QL

@2Z8Y1E#MY@K(@G1KUT0ZF))
MHCG==[2

?:&J#
9:98T0%%N
M6:RU1-D\32/SE$'*&:#








VYN6


G






(FH9
.7E+UUJ86+T7Q]_$4.I[#Q'^!K0.29!\ KQ4%3^


M65)BK^







M=











JFJAJID5:I
MVCY[80 KOA#;+
G?=VP(I2WJB^T9SSES9CS.1V.?70?@R:N2VA6T\[X_
N:J


M;M].(

)2P7::.)A::@=_OC*0OQ
M



MFPK3$__4)AM$V2;!%DDR/Y;XE;,[5])V*JGFP;I\F1R@PZ3O+*NPSL71+?

MMGSC\A=02P
$%     @ 



VP6(S2R4U&?1$ MU3N^WQ]

MMSB36


72/1%'



O


MVRSIWW=L$4-ZHOM&9]SYN)Q/AK[XCH 3UZ5U*Z@G??]D3%7=:XNS$]:+QI


+K5F81*






M'?=QNLF2&;8-2&= N@!N8AXV)8K*/W+'R]S@2



M&9U_V=C_!M&!E[*[\B/4^0^V&!(:%X[O_=E



MF.T



Q?^ T@?'I3X'5*&U=2]M:AFEB\%
6?QUWHN _C
MS7XWP=8!R01(9L!-S

M7HKMYS1CET TQ1S'F&09



M;6Q]4]MNVS 


A7_&:Z@
#PJP1RE53ZMI.Q]L'IB02E:O(Z[-&D?QIO;


MWM]E[!J)IIC3&
.7
7
J<)?@NS\4'M8)]JL$^T2P




M4]MNVS 



A7_%2Z@
#PJP1RE53ZMI.Q]L'IB02E:O(R[-&D?QAM^
\'6

MBWFODBUZJL$U:9H\*6UOTB0OO// WO'T)G_QVG_)EPCC2=G&_!E4_]K:P.@
ME,T5CE+'VPV%-0A'F_P[
8Q&XU@N^D'L?D;%[\!4$L#!!0    ( #*):4H?


R*7[]P.29MD6]0M@X_?\



2KWA--'


MMNFI!M/&:;*DPK&/D[SQK@-[S^.;_ F?I_V+
*WL+;F@\R\;^]\@.O!2DAL_
M0IW_8*NAH''A^-Z?S3QFL^%P6'X06[]Q^1M02P
$%     @ 

M 0  T@

=F(

BUD
M1XLL^LZFR'!P2G9P-L0.6@OSZP0*QYRF]

46

0B47Q)=@?*YRF@1!H*!T@4'X[0H/
MH%0@\C)^SIQT21F Z_



JYP543?



MCE6%T1




  !D

=F(YM6V (Z\:=79







2CW@N

3G*%'9

X O@$/

M17CBY


O



+^

MQ






M_P)02P
$%     @ 
HEI2FV_
_.T 0  T@


H''.Z

G/2)64 KL_O[)]C[;Z6B[!P
MC^JGK%R;TP
J9Q4O1
MXG7:91?W<;I)#C-L&\!G %\ AYB'38FB\D_B2(S.!(S];X7X8GW1^Y[4P9G
M;$6\\^*M]UX+SI.
70/1''.:8O@J9K]$






72/1%'
:8_@B9CM'
&2?4_U%?^!L[7X;M5A;L$W_VC\&Z=

Q^1L7?P!02P,$
M%     @ ,HEI2I?L%^NT 0  T@,  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T
M
X!Z6$*;Q

NTRR[N
MXW3#;V?:-H'/!+X0;F(<-@6*F7\17A29-2.Q4^][$9YX=^#8FS(X8ROB'2;O
MT'LI.+_-V4(S9CCA.$KS&Y!

MOFSL?VV










M86_;(!#]*X@?4!*2M%5D6VI:59NT25&G;9^)?;91@?
 Q]V_'V#7\S9K7X [

M_FMWML%B


P.7YG?TYU1YJN0@'CZB^R\JW.;VGI():]
J_


7].%E4_]K1 ]!
MRN8FC% ;/MAL**A]/-Z%LQW';#0\=M
/8O
W+GX!4$L#!!0    ( #*):4J8

M


JV\\'!RGP0+7P!_W6X


MX':#!U J$*&
'PLG75
&X/;\POX^UHZU7(6#!Z.^R]IW!3U24D
C1N4?S?0!


:K!MG9'*C/V<9(WWG5@[WE\D]_A\[1_%K:5O2-7X_%E8_\;8SR@E.0.




MQ;Q$L
^I.!;*4[\+SC?AA\V%1X2_/;PG\09)L$62+(_EOB5LSACR1LU5
-





M=S)YBKV3K8:3(;972I@_1Y X9'1+WQR/;=VXX&!YVHD:?H+[U9V
M]C
4K8*
MM&U1$P-51F^WAV
2XF/ [Q8&NSB34
ZK@/XTVRGV#K #X!^ S8QSQL3!25
MWPLG\M3@0



MW*Q




MS#L]^%[W7C:TS%;194@T8;8CAFXP;$9$.OM
08AB2TXXX? %'.'A]NV3..

IQ:)BZ$DQ20Y)

6-O]
M/@CDT1K#!8 !=Z=.)44@G]QP#6# X&EN\P!0YM
!+@



$%     @ 
HEI2HPR


VKK1-D'RM*<U_ #]L[](
M$Y%%I6PY=*H5'9)09?AI=SHG%N\ KRV,:K5'MI.K$&\V^%IF.+ % 8-6P5J

2JCHP/2+&+_
MW




([KI60F@PI00/YE0;\QXM



MWFTV:G)[ETN;M

!V#1

MQJ^%$Z^2/G[_V!_;6[6B[
P)
2/WEMNP(?
*JA8:.PKVKZ!$L]&49+\5_@

C\
MF5E6YEI-2


M=B

M&Z4LN%22.Y=+YZ9X-00TUF\?W%[/;WDVK!J6


M






V+GAM;'53


( 57ZAMEO3O.S8LI2E]L3WC



MO_4GBQ9;5&JA0#MA-+'0%/0A/1SW 1\!WP6
;G4FH9*S
2_!^%07- D)@83*




H.
DK[S+P#YD\4W^P*=I_\)M*[0C9^/Q96/_&V
\


MG;ES-DKUJEL @]X$[W2.6V/Z(R&Z;$%0?2=[Z.Q)+96@QIJJ(;I70L?)#B)
M-YN4


:YR!%UM
&OH/Y



M!\1+P



'6$VS_*7%[


M:9

+L8W?\[/C9.:5]L./*F56=SVCK7


S@2
\V^%^&*
MTP/WLRE#


M/O!X)W_3IVW_*DPC.TO.Z/S-QOG7B Z\E.3.KU#K']CB**A=
#]XVTQK-CD.




M;9^]
%P4&U/;+.G?US:$4N*\8
_XS#DS-C/I*.2+:@!T\
I9IS+4:-V?
%9%
M YRJ.]%#9TXJ(3G5QI0U5KT$6KH@SC )PQASVG8H3YWO(O-4#)JU'5QDH ;.


M
71NNJR\RQY=XV%_\&G?2-RKKM5' 5VG2;ZXE* TFE?#./%UCAMYB,*BT
MW1[-7DZM/QE:]/-4P\MHS?\4$L#!!0    ( #*):4H
ZNSFZ $  &8%   9




MFK4=7*2G!LZI_'4&)L;
#_U[X+6M&VT#)$][6L-7T-_ZBS0GLJB4+8=.M:+S



/TJQH\PU[/SO;GXSW #

M+
[1/_0(I\=HAK&CQVMZD. 2J0.('DKQ)WFQ(QS!XWV:$F.T3@L#'!

M9(^:[!&!#QL3!)
$N
D!-3D@ N'&!
/\YU&/J
D1$8@W)AAF^_!D]3_G(&O7




M!FXK
1Z%8
I]43$H+?BL8DKA]&





S

XWQ2^MUT !9]Y-@3MKAP
AINI 
'.G!I#NI%%:
M
.M
W1(S:&!U( E.Z&YW3P3K)2[SX#OI


A]8]_ ?A].VEED5:E[ =+T2B(-38&?DL,Q\_@ ^-'#9#9[YLY

UE6*?YY.%*BQ/H0J KX3$0R!PH9/[+MSK2:DY[L?F&]Q<J#N;BKO#%<1





:_O('J D)@42 U'2J-FF3
MHD[K7CMP:@VIK83NF\_VU#&Z/5-_.^YYW=GXLMZJ5YT#6-\%;G9/:F&Y/



]
0G&XK_##;B5NTPL

M#]1P]QUSGWBUC^S=E&[37X4_L\EKNWLKUG&2T9LS&C6'01/--*M)0:W[A(@P
MQ'Z$![AX6LTP[4/7\_IZ2?\#6JP\0:;_TI,%R5BFAT.B5%(_-%@&RX@F.:3
M2K8H9(L81 L(IEGCD 2%)(C!9@'!-#$.25%(BAAL%Q!,D^0'0K9(0;+#X]I

&UL=53;
M;MP@$/T5Q <$&^]FHY5M*9NJ:J566J5J^\S:XXOQ06\3O^^@!W7W9(7 \
Y

$WIB=OYF_K'4+NKY<(



MQ!CF'9?[:))]1[21+#[&Z2D


_N*0#FA?; #CRIE5K
]HXUQT9LT4#6M@;[*#U-Q4:

CHEGXX








M.E-WQ P::!-(@I

J
05/\Z 5=3B5/\YGAF


.F*($Y]#9'%0IRR?^A9G)Y'
\P#/=_2\R0N
ML(L*[(+ [J\2W]V4&

&PO
M=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#0W+GAM;&U3VVZ<,!#]%<L?$.\VZY6@)1-%+52

_XG#









 Y


M.\#O%D:UFB/;R46(5QO\*#

2MDRO@[:^+%TA+7\T_U






MC+J35 FAP902W)F&&_-4+ &#2MOISLSE=&&F0(M^?@O(\B#E'U!+ P04

DDS-LB5;8LZR[7?55R&G4-96.;O[M06)''O.

?030</2WQMG]5_^SFS [IF M^._J
MH


X$(9?!7&_ RYS;61.NGT]$J[4FM&NWM-)\Y!
M S@+I#/[]LO!S8#]DTYN CA?E7\7KC+V[*+'^5!B



M#!N0
#?:A H@^!6@U 9A+<:1
H@

MQ$1CY@4Q
0X
A['GK0



M\?53XN4:
0I&#(

0S73P9(8IB#Y0A!0XU

M*-#D3;C 996%=XP65T

KDP%7)@;*#NEU
M6D'^+
EA*8^;G%.DIF3'DU4






$%     @ 


TL.S*BM6J%+4GV7[I?\:+-4YL@$/\+EFK1GW/6MD(\6('WW=+
M/[ 9





$%     @ 

MQ 

?

_%T5:_;X6N3RO7.:^WOB2/1Z;



7A_0Y;[[(\YW0#0I=1[?^DW@1N8*WF:@8.YG7W;^S

PJ416T:V]V
M!=,]4T-<J[LOZR#D2^^E%=*8ZQY#(TPPQFP0)AQCM@@3C3$W!./



M(3-*




RYX
M;6R55=N.FS 0_17$!ZPQ=U8)4C=1U4JM%&W5]ME)G(#68&H[8?OWM8T7D610

MV0E*]M:H82@




M5QKR/HQU:\=^.
E29P8;A
X@' V&Y
P:1





4


ZN_.O6?998<LF




O(])4(RZQOA=
M/Z^=%;S8DB@;A,$1 ()$\@A@;SK0803*)A N3V(V&2X+C%FBF'&
.I.C54

6 8B:SY]DX
E^XC'2(






'I1DRX/ABP
M4!$^*#I CDAX=@2DRK9_$DI,8-R!H/)&'1;KV A(R4&$(YPPH3Z5KA(R5B

#
*
3
Q
MIW@




MFCB)F6&L084TD*80NU2J!FQ;=88+VT6COF1J/=HU.NNWND9Q&&2\_PP'@
M



M*T7Z^_29[=O/8Y?_+0P'\Z GP.8O!D@N@#A&B[ .D:H+H Y1H0=0%1+R X





M?SF31 J\ 3 U8GTPN@RQ&_4=!(@8U2HFG$W^/_4K)+KX(V #0F6LXA(@1%F
M,_=9Y9@]#M@;SH2

X=912*R#F&ZB#UB5CEFCX_P78Z)X0[.NP(B
M.:%:Q5AQ!V-= 1%=![/'$5:$\7*

M1V#VQ! K.:-28*S$-\3F!CAX'L)$E'[G2^S3I86H)$9!W
GD!N17S'$Q@K
M


8*^G@5@D2D74P

M


8



$%     @ 


MTG4E2J-D5)A?ISP+R9J11972D)=AK5NS]B/_%68'!,@F !^_%\ '@'X%1:

M@EF./V4@Q3Y)!#:);; !V\%BF4&#NP*V-H$-OAPA@_CT$X06@E0X#?N!#;

MNP;XR4PHX93LW$K]@L^BTQ2\#_2UO8EO]70TU_F59ABM/P@_U:UP]DRJH6N
M[I$Q:I*[TZ]8Y6:YM.!PE'J;:+V?!AIPT&R;AS7:/IFY/\ 4$L#!!0    (

M;(U57:^;(!C^*\;['53PHXTUV6FS;



%)?
M?:GNMV%R4'J8:K&O#_D^XEDK;W P'+%O\ 4$L#!!0    ( #*):4KNV9:8




M+6+RF*&K

X





'W5FM+\(Y8% I
TWU7(S7P1@HWD\W


!#^*X@?4+#-:Y5$:C)-F[1)5:=MG]W$
M25 !

MCZRA\HYWK-5/]EPT5.FM.$2R$XSNK%%31SB.LZBA51NN%O;L4:P6_*3JJF6/







MH*LFG;I]#01+'43BB9_\X:)@QU\9+#EIU:9_^;D=!RN'K9!ISSM1ZZ^A'I
+=
M, 5&XRBZ^@=02P,$%     @ ,HEI2J*;+)4W @  < 8  !D   !X;]W;W)K





IHI45WT\VH=U+;/42K[W@=.$E7GGY






MV3


S7^%*W CMR2FQD%PY9[!X:*T

M5L?LGHA7V'S
@UUTW\Z]





M[2%]SYJOY?47.P2D?6^(_C?[8;-6WGG2[K$KL[K_U]N]UTV9#U9:5_+T^^WS


M(!U
/@73 \3\A C(^+


T@+&3,(,UA$(JX?3#!!B
&(P)




ME&&:M
1H24-D8P)3(U,%OQ6P=0H=-I,HT4B#G%T5* &L-0HS UBA9$BZE1






\(A$=?A-09+ V:XFZH(
Q








 TW3G2.



T838C






MM


B

NS)KJ:YP99$@FC^BM!T)PYBAP1!J*$-@&(JL
MB1 P#+GAAY0QB&D[
6DG)NP8:VH9V_.$&'&S/*0
@-%V!&E'V'982@=(R #)

@.
A@(C[(2.$ ZNP/22  T%P E%&42C
M?%-(33Z]H1K;H1$#!&-25UUI+$#XCJ+0C0Q$)UND [M'@7%FMLZ;LK$ANI6!

ATN
M0






MGD0-E7FS%[)DVFSE@:A: MNYI)*3



M?6'_[(HWQ6R9@K7@OXN=SA=^['L[V+
CU\_B_ 7:@L:^UU;_#4[ #=PJ
6=D


[
M!#'LW1$A=L0JO$D/KP]8WR*B$#\A0HN(7/[HJH@Q3C!4:.(.H3Q#%.
$8)
Y\
M=S-4R PAN/-9T0!OCN!Q


M_L
2O-GHZ!%+

MEJ


ZPC/F+Z3YADP]H6V9XG^@\(


MS03B]Y&G
1(NYGUF.\4L^LQNS

?67@]PR^&+%@TB!0!D'/8# @




=)I_)X\_1EI
M I?SF_LG6[NN94\E;#G[U1Q57?J9[QWA1],O?#A,TSUQ+XW%?\5KLTW&2B

@6050 :
[.E


M)%*3:=JD3:HZ;?O;39P$%3 #)^F^_8RA%




MQ)%?


M0Q-@IEX-DHBQ@E\E, W!/Z((+&JT&(B@RG:-)(D&IS3YH+ HH&
_D$J)Q@

MC_H.@0&-9NH+
Y8SJF XWT0$0#NX$1G%7)L234@AZ (I+8# 7N


3




+6=9/OWM8V7!3*@


MR1
5I^1@2$7N8=^/O8)DI;M(S=XS7Z3L(O.LI

MDIW.4F]XB[0B)_J#RI_5



MZMA-



!^!$0@Z E-8
M( 0%0B
0M@6PWTMHC4D
IC283X&/L*_ZNP== ] 0)Q@G=] -!(T3/YC
T8@3 0;




M$(PE4$6@8PE
$=A80J@(X5AI C16$*L/%8 O+/F?/?*.Q]RB79:/0LYW0C
MK%&\;F&U*_4^J9/YM!0GI^R*[9 T-8UN)$L:;T;;M=_^*5=K)4=?YXR@J??:

S)L53TJXZ

VX5X.SOYX!4 (G(+Q72&B!]I2B&+02P

4:Q96T&PF&+:@JKIJ9J/4$=A/;G
M03Y%-/8UW1 0T0@C;26O(#&H4\M.6.P=F9HIYJD!3-B1 @*M&5Z9Z(P#G34




MZ^8VE/=E=P[O'FIQ4-\8O





UO#T

MOR(ES=@?)X#C$\ [#^+$ TL5[D'@'D3G0?;:X

LGBXE)2.CD:@A7$D


M ^E$()$A3-0*1HNA*)02=# B0QAHM9P&6&B*.4PD87K!!,Y.&7#HG[]025
E086CF<H!5':&6(\H
37.'RC$X3R.!8

LX @+('=O
)'A1  QS!
M@ &U_#W':B
Y4-MR@@



*/Q8CZX 83&4T$(I)=(,EN#.&#
MR&ASYA

M$?%YQ'(ZEB1R4R*Y0^@QF?')@0](8EB226R
G!$AN6)))8GG'7((G
E%B9
M#R^

\?98P/85E\[7$GXR* 24WGOB) HQ#0P$/5,HCZ0S!P:: (
MT@$-+ 

09!3F
A1@0A.*01!

M@B0:(8DC'HYH@A#ZC))%$\FOD;QV\ &)CDL6%IU=PMB
D?9;1M!QR PI \
M!%J=

MW_A



)BZ_R:.HM9PPT37
M6
,[V8*S,YK-WP3'?;Z]GC@A,ZBXXFT819CABX
MP,!;1.$BV'](I F<60#* H9X=A%/28(G8&@-B2(W[1AD5R.&#Y@V@$3$_/!
MZ\1HG1BIPZPZ(R:YJ/.!TI1EUIK%#AT-(YSB=!*43H+0B2TZB4


V=8'@(
F2)

)92BA
M[ IV96$$-Q[A'*44(X0XA:AW-V?P*U=4V@F(-G4UFPM!Z&2VNQ!T@=*$











RYX;6R55NV.FS 0?!7$




+^T8FW8EZX%D^R^)EOS6$1

R#V ?'8@





8W8XH2


M;W8X-@%6\;V$5H[&GK%RX/S53#Z=MGY@*@(&1V405#]NL /&#$G7\;.'^D-.




H)6VWN78U@ML3C4I





M
M.MGHOQ)QP+Q?OI?D'S)9?_!5!+ P04      RB6E*I+4=*!L  #8!@


RU'^O&C]V@?Z'AA'@@Q.!9MY+

M])U \F&3

]/O:8Q(S<D\!^ )O_A%O\#:'J+V\^@;/'1+;EJ
M+ +4T;=4'93RU/A^?A4=V_8Z]HWI#=[W_!]


M








5G5W$688$\*)!;
M@?Q* #N)ZC'88MH^404@3K ^J


8@XJ[CV

('U0<JE9&&ZYT+;

MOJ-X-UQ+DO%NM/@/4$L#!!0    ( #*):4KN5QV&=0
  (



M%URR;(M*U6VA:Z]1N[G_P._70G0!/?&U4.?VZMKK6GG2^GMW\WX[]UFG2)5J


MPDF!E4N$!%D#)
0B0MAGV

A&#4S2

MDK.

Z#9#
$XY

M&%$L





X

M:&5E='


M N@U 


GAK$PV:3:^A(PV=*E)7P2S) R)A4\FC*XGB


MQ
XH@@M+E+HB($ (SI*@+(G+8L]*XH[8GL3N2(V6E$3$"XNQ%D6H1M;\2=
MEX3:+I@B,B!QQ&96+\SX+2!$SE#@#+4 D@C;BQX&83014L'L[?F(9
PX3-K

MMUIPO38F]AL(7!M=@! BL8%0W=BBIDBXX8+KN#%Q9LAUTT7(:2AL)$1'&14P
M@X3[+B#&:SL
N)ZZ8.9E8P
ALIC








$9;;/M.ET=JZR5/O2A#%T
T



PTJW0.]$H5^



BYX;6R55MN.
MFS 4_!7$!RS87 (1(#5;5:W42M%6W3X[B1/0&DQM)VS_OK8AB$T.%7G!%\Z9
M.6



1K13LYZ3M&RH[S-S/X



M:FS;#?C7-#@!#PEX3


!J@=(^)IHH
M3:(0SWS2!*1) )H(!DA!@'2Y4.3#6]=?('4(FFI-(]^?(9KQ *(YFJ%'8#P
M W)A#Z!@B=S@3FXTC?I(!'L%06:9V1P(M@&*'I +&P'%2^3&]W+#9,9P#8


G/=Z.GNJ(?TGO7JEOL
 T:/


V0
1
M09HL52NUTFA&;9^=Q EH#*:V$Z9_7R^$$.-$?8D7SKGGW&O'-^\(_6 E0MSY


MYF5

H   #@   &0   'AL+W=O<FMS
M:&5E='



TLOFXGKF\R8@7;*-!]7!DU841DGG\;L5


M%1IN
M%[;'@A[:^S.4C%RU9%IU+2]V;






K&W1ZAT-OQ0
M*=/9+J+=
3W#INOWXG
T7C2'[8=

M.]/7C6Y1L)TRTUC/17/F-@O%Z_8^X767FNE?4$L#!!0    ( #*):4HV%(O6
MW@(  

!1^

)542J4D[;=(F59NV_783)T$%S&PGZ=Y^OI42.'3I'\#F.]^YV)]]


MA.

MZ9[]8.IG^RCT*.I8MF7-&EGR)A!LMPCOT.T#)L; (GZ5[Q[WX%)Y8GS9S/X
MLEV$L8F(56RC# 75KQ-;LZHR3#J./YXT['P:P_[W*_LGF[Q.YHE*MN;5[W*K
M#HNP(



E%+5*8@( $Q!*0








C&'R
M&083%0N8!

 C.**XK3'*?D
, A?2 5X9\B8(''+('4@'(9R!;^@'G%P



)W--O\ 4$L#!!0    ( #*):4JN]%X
=P(
M (


M+!AS1%!RD55*[52M%6WSPYQ EK U';]N]K&\*R


A5:7CN6[H



$

MWCDJBF

M
8KA?!=@O@L@WP4L$(






M_N'
^68

A^&^+P/O%:7RKC


J^R_\K&@- S&ZK_S&Q=6[C*QC*
4VC^#XU4;V8PN-I6&


M6F] $

13
MD.6W!40)BF%


4
& @(DA-IFF3-BGJ
@
MJZ=J!@EH\+\.^552-:,*LI*0UZ'MFY-VX_Z=YJ=@$8F@@!_B\A' GA&R$R

MA0&3&$QK
%F:Q(M

_Z#6I1*/2+3@
)9ZFZB^GRHI
- LFY\

MD




M=T+\(2&VA/A:0F()B4
(NMA-

?^I

M!T F@AV-P%Q$AA\-;60A+!# K$1B\$D!-KA\D
INFR$1=NM  HC%
GW$]
M%_XFH+\)X*_CRC(964$X=&+J





K'


MS]UQP.S
Q;
\


M.ZKH8B;XV1/M?FBHV7;H-M;EVIA%6QW[G\ZGU*NG19:FL^!DB!QFU6)P#X
Z

M)9AD([E34(R3&):;@'(30&X&$Z0@07I]@3.0(/NXP'?9)$[2V\T#)SGH)/^X



BYX;6R%55UOFS 4
M_2N(]]9\&$@C@M0$39NT256G;L\.N0FH@)GMA.[?SS:$4.-V+\&^G'/NN3?F




MKVCK

MJ*$02H'(QP5V4-=*2-KX



7M!E5I)6&O W/JM7/?M2_
MTNR$80$$\&//R6$(R&\$?G!#P2L$% 0RFZ-SD1)$L9[1TV_+L=48?(7V/9

M(Z4I$7O7G:JE)?*M*GA*-0RD6LVC-9A(V@WWAIHNKJR?U!+ P04      R

M^)]O#L999^R;:P \^5!2NYPVWK=;QES9@.+NSK2@\:0V5G&/ICTRUUK@50Q2
-WE=,D% 02
M2A\(')<S/(4 81EO ]
.J8




\-!L2W0IW:R7W4I_*D]8]^




!QP 7
9W4!F!+


MXE2(\.J*8\X$$LX(F9!4\XR0B7G@5P.!?'62:N:&$GU8Z%\QY+%@D$*02
MTHT%@% H#JPE2%ZQ!UC03 G8O%66&#[PTBZ 8775ZC3QH*F+0U%@64) [*$
M GS@2/&#;*$85GDQQ-U?@4&#*3_T& $@DD,S\\P/HD])PKV!)P8!:H(X
M8U@M
+NABK (8$ $D+N* 1 5 07 L )@0 %08//'
+%Q=D.V


!-K/
MT\-QOERT8X_E<E&\UMGA:![+6?6:YVGYW\IDQ?EVSN;O ]\/+_NZ&?7BU/Z

Y*\WP[OV

M__9_=L4J._JVC%FX\-\:13VSZAA^Q6C!A\S:9=B%\*T%%S
X
F/%'7$RP;U+

MH6--@@5TB4!'-


*

MNIY+1%I+$5 W)X(; 



'+&9KC=
M1O8VIXZ
[$O9#V6X19]P2U&V*C^RSN


PK@7C7W3X@[+













M=9C)T&L4I

M
(K/4O



U*FNF?R[X96X






8C

@GFX%W'Z .
OI




HZ







D*P 0?


_J0GL9;W&-UKCV!NM_#%+<($(-(F\030V2Y:S)7K/UFL9K
M:+*@$8Z)44R

T[2VG EK)<V#](9<?KN.%P-FZYL6O5#YE^8V0[
MS$\R#O'B#U!+ P04      RB6E*O=HS%!
]K&T)ILI'R$MO+[
S.!B]9)^2[*@&T]UGS1JW\4NMV28@J

GS:L&MM)3
MI[IF\L\&N.A6/O4O@=?J6&H;('G6LB/\!/VKW4IS(B/+OJJA495H/ F'E;^F
4
S\Y93)U? RD_JAI
M$Z?[_N+
V_

W #MY48

RDZ



\=%YJC(_(8@C68X08P2
MQ(_;3%!+&07-G$






MBM6BX+77L.W




O
$F$^YC5$(
Z1* 4=#(P)&.!!^$.
MP7*(B#/JB/@H2T]$!/8B

0D(+T$L=/
%A

M(0R3D!+GT:R&




PIK!047DU;%FIV98H6WYL=:


F&5K_+
MO3BMW





$D83#%;
M&X

M
#06'2;6F$9CLCSQC6)M4!)EH8^


:
X-GMCB^91F:0+3


CU(=Q=#J
;8^!&AN
\P(M-MWP
M]9&FFP6_8W8L&^Z\4&'$CTZ'@51(KT'^0]/



MBKQBS\*3Q[*DXM^2%?P\]Y%_67C)]P=E%H+%K*9[]I.I7_6ST+.@4]GF):MD







M'(

)E&J9L\ (;Q.'UC&$J3U+T$@M[=63*QMWV)]#;\6ES _56N][G
M9N[UUE?FI[(WLGO
DU#]8.*?5Y);\V5OMGM_;OC7#'M
GS0V3WH'JZ;%&RG
MS##18]$T
LU$\;IMTH*N4US\!U!+ P04      RB6E*\8^/0T$  #%!P



9C;
MBB!U$U6MU$K15MT^.XD3T!I
&5)#01@$6APW?IE






MF+I-X8S$3

M@)*]U-U4]?EPL0P#R3I[:8+QYB[_ E!+ P04      RB6E*S0+V*40  #?







D'6K3#<XK&-[WXU!+ P04      RB6E*#Q'-





 Y7%2%KX#NK'

89


M.E!F08

M.IE7)_
U+;\1RNZ:]IAGR8T
6AU'!J*U%U$&%3\/=@BLO
M=?\+V./^#NT'Q
V=
MW(M:_[.1394KO6RV0;MO1+[NA:HR0
;BH
J+VI]-^KVG9C:1!U46M7AJO/90


M'Z/4/]OL!_?W[4O^^!U,,]Y*^:R_%VLU6[JI[ZW%IO\4*KO\OA9F(X[YGH

MAO$A9DEAXC
FT&?XT8R;NP5A$-OD=80DAK7D

+

M!0L!8
1OFJ]('N#VMQJZ)_/(^8(TI9&B=
1L

O

[ZCK<U/5^%$75


MV^[

:?CSXL7W=U

MYF97;8M=4)KU=7A#1PO&&X.6^'MK#M7@.FB&\E(4/YN;Q]5U2)J

B

M9?6/XO!@^@&)



1V1R.
MB3 TD2ES[$&$F4N(1)\RMRXC.3]E[C F/F7N708.^#N63G+*/&AQGSB#$2

9BU

M)LX4*R5EG$#-9P@8:Z6U 




48F$(J.^')$Q
MRA49I1R1



M


M965T
3 Y+GAM;'U4VXZ;






M2-AS^K
YJ7H;?@J#$YQ)3]4+'S[#6$\6!F/Q7^$*5
--)EJCXE3:;U#U4G$V

GY22,&T4ZU8NZ9&8R[N^UVG:1#(Z_NV#AJ<^&^+Y_3'Z8SMX
M
YBWI-+W1?K/=EEO)J$


MT*P#X3

@XOAA PQ7R$



 D

CDC?


%W'ZDKHJBUD9^_
5XO]')\O20

$%     @ 
HEI2I1'\K@S P





)IW#:2?ANF88
M+,%@?:%LN.P!+]:=M
:0D^CS 
46K 9 *

Z]XH@JT.8:M#*'87




M?_1KP^S:#?HWVC(A& C!2-!G?T8(!T)X)\2?$J*!$-T)MOVH+\7VYH@5SA+!
M.T?T_VZ+S27R=Y'N?FZ2MMGVFVZ/U-EKYGOQ-D%7HS2 ]CTHF(#B
'C$')XQ

M


1UI@4

RYX;6R-F6M3ZD@0AO\*


MPF+_WBG7N


O
M EZ-)%SC-5L4]=_.ZT=19LO&2QC*
OV]_9ROZL]-X__+#!NHQD#M#
*UCQGH
MQD!_&YBC!J8Q




M-





9B%8I= $EK*:9@7S*6
;.TGP Y/$^

D


T'R)8^P
DVS0=)
MJ/D0B34?] DU'R*QYD


/U;9NO9'U[7Z[)_Q'FK_/5T7G)2O+;%GO

_=VF]V#_P%02P
$
M%     @ 

MSE(^.^-C742Q*P@85



M(LC2;9@@#1*DGF#[I\HLS+ +
NQN2K 
]V_Z-(&(!PD/BL

PHV-I(1&H239NT256G;L\.<1)4
MP


M/M=X _A5T5[
UH&NY

[6M=:2-GX
VJ&4TI-
MG*_OZE]

MRE&R6IC?H+P*R9I115EIR-OPK%KS[$?].\U/@,!3@20?DI(1D+R3D?$M!(
M0!8A&DHQO=D3238%9WW AW^W(_H0@152W2]UT#3;O%/M$2IZVX XCXOHII5&

M1@#-!'K$8-F


MU1P:QL:[S##$?A!^KEH1')A4UZFY]$Z




_17#[ZUL^98%CH&F0[$!

]61A
!?_#2Y -=QD
!3
)TYQ$OF%J]0X1/*;X2*N\8]I'E^
MVSBTNI(


3PILQ L









MY


M2W.BVH[^(=

3$X+GAM;)56VXZ;

)2NU2J
M6JF5HJW:/CN)$] IK83MG]?VSB(A*%*7O%
^?

X/NQ5Y.R<?/
[&UY
MGK&SK


MH






S'103I
MDJAJI5:*KFK[[! GH#.8VDZX_OO:AG#$MM*78\SL[/.XBT&RMYXC;'PWEO2
M\;5?]&O@H!7-6X1?Z(][N2;$V4M$G++S@'O&49'36I)$(5A&K2HZ?RRT+$]



K??Q.DW






M3MG8^\&1'/ *(5?+74'0O_X]V]U\$636?
@



M+X.S=5






M1S4RHO8;OQ?EXQ-22/X=R!&FXCX
_


_F77PT9%RVGA.ERO:HW['_F


MKHEGX&'WG:$Z[8'R UR.9F4I
\@?MP7?_

7ABZ#TV#
MV^JYHJ%CDS#T;T73([_IQRN0WQY%%./%:9T&:.]QFS_WTU$NK:SL$N^G_3T/



T?5KP P0RW




M+2O C;VU/'7/:ECAXIUO?.JY
L^SS E]907-#H,O:[IFCC *XAF=_&3H.6</
MWWP'E,1MD=?P$CQ&GXYP+\@68S;L#$3+D='^Q3UA\*09OO!8@65OE0%G*
M@_PEWR[KO80H6X)L7%LKWO/
OC9OBF7QO-%*.(WD'8_L;U%/;9'[+\D
'T (




B'0:%P^



7Q^&=X@3Y%/Q\I

MR(


M%T]!%(5C__D7T%S(&XW'

MP2GVU/UPQX 5=)

[B=GX&+P%Y3F
-QN3[&:!Z0'$+E
MA-:


ME^0G
22^E
T3GY#\N5!V^.4:EJ[9

=*B))DYV*+G&!N$0P*WT
M1KW3I.S-4;ES1-'@24(1WN[%_6O9L








MEJ%1P6L]S2:B/1X' ;=H"Q@%=]:_O89Z)VNAYS%OV6)TFN!=]E]T8!H

(


M(E1C85&







W\*H[@ EG$]V59__5PGQVS&)W@


?:5E@?N[+7(M\?HV\#AM6=)MS^OA*R0=S^T

CM?1)[R5E;(B'C@60PD#-I






BQEO%2W7XV#Y[(:
M44/'XWD8G+OVH:929\^;5?5:%!S])R0CKEUWKW!
XGV*LIXAW7[5_63'410&


3CQ=GP<DO-V=G7\XN[]1)3?:/
M72UQ.!SZ1)YC.%MKE)9@$XP=!!BNI[*J@APM)
160'%W-R?\
 J2+4Y-LJ@-

%O&P]7:NY086$D&BL&]AYYY=B]+;&KXX
;,=E!7ROP9HM=/IELWT9 /1CY&=.@K

]CR :#76$M


M+.B4DN$
)TK6


J;W3/% _\]U.Y^ :T</U48HQ#W13Y




/L(=!W077%R<FB@L_DGQ



M^@QS(X.P;MQ

MN*7)N/MW7ZQP M:%$B :US

MZJ8P


M.A00US2

M6W^S@\

@N@
I+EH'*;CL1Z_)8C@
![+\W$XC\;FY.A_[52'
MJ0@ZG5
CYAC.PLG8MN4MTOYVIEX[IKTYM7=IZ136


%7
:+I
$AG'
M3E*827E;HW2 &![+5^6]R9A[(Y#'KWIL]SDR9JD0O,*6'7)N5L1JQ&T+8P*
M 3GQ&_N!R.P0*L=^!ZVP=MU+&\+';*)L33; JV[J/.(/LJM(H[?EH(*M-#@


MN\=^O:9M-DS


M&27S
)E/ _PG36A!W7;MFCDP$7J_230!X0
&C


L5V$2*<UD$BFX9C.PQ2DMXE66[;.L=A!LL<@7HSG5) T/:[7%Z\


+1NC


M DN8SE




M-7S!NU#PE;59NW)E*QDZ
_8IC6 +0Z5G^*:<C(+SR]_.
M+N^N;A!CP
G@106

9)1 )C
@%A


G28R2C1+@.[[4/.&4Y7_T
-[UG\Z


J%_@?GP#U[B=!:DE J?AAEL
M[D?Q/6+
2D#


[4\R
R^!V!Y'T/1\
M'D3S+
Q [KJM'IH7G%-BGLK0(#:?0L




QS/4#NG;*9[K6(S

XV3/D
M*?0#(YG







+N
MO[VZ^HB1]ZP4.



M57OPW94MM.C?1IT+2#BN
ASW%XRR$LQM!%261,0M@7?A]ZD@;Y_-&70PMQ
M0+


M+\')S0WH.&?


]\7WM[+)

:NI




2R86@\E:9-MZ2

M

M7FR2X@

M'@



M@]7 &!G=7.Y1!KA^]

[W3

3+0672*0[8K5)\I6$08@4
M K(&[@ZE*V' ?SH='V=




-#A?/3[MO5T+K=:;&??7'L
 :DC^5
MP/E^D


A[7OC

KMJ^]

MZG<;+T2VN\.1\+PS^G8/C%Q%T<'5

*ZGL.9^_K0?=PIJ-X^I-G(IZR[#P*

9\$M%7EE;
YY5OZHN

M@89A:PB]IQ6@3YD9'T3VNH3G+@H)&[C!24DW'[$'!

'].PP^EH

MI+QQR*_
!

M0!UKJPL%
)*;W!NU


'41*FXVD@L [F92\'X=?J!=E/
M:&9!HKP48H


VC)56P:6

$
M6!R=]$GH-()Z8.IG06OWNU=8

G+ V




[.TP_LC
? 4:P\3LKU=%$O;80G=M6Q+?%Q*0PEK

J=OX.#TOU7JA_



:RU:9'DG[W_:;!$SD&$M6=6&I2A'LIZOH6+QJJQ4(# Q9
M#_A/
F$%9

U3D&O#HXX ^@0DB(
D4L

MBCQJJ*3R^1E4


-T&DXP5(+ 4*:@5R9)
M0N:/AW?U! U
0C0U'N&K


M&]UZ5$G'@?\QQ67M

@)3-W[C-28H4PE\I&

M8-HHANU_.:MZ8X9L1UH'F*B*W?X41/-YP..*QQF.98ICX=.%O2.HIG=$*0T4

M0

AXTK&(UG
I5#S

M.]*'



M))Q

MDPPS_B
0F7BB$9#R.$ $@
D\C.$6A6
33A



MH.XR2



Q@ X%-=LFLJ$UA@\NKY.:XQ
?!4
#
M&TOGD@H_PR


MY3?4JRB@!
U4Z::HFOHTF-Q



MNX90622OJ#M;\HJP9[^1#-F&Z%WUTOL@87





EDS

M1VK^4\T2=/Z+\'

QJ2)H+DM'Q\9D$+[*Y2$PVN)


Q(0L+LL77




  A(WE2WA7FM

\)(TR!?O?
1 S9-6



M7



D8W!$O;

0B'SM+7V;9B#?FK$4Z(;VHAO^L%14LV-RTL@2A
HF8;!U:] ^6UH




*4X695


M$:[B8%WOX9? MF[.$
SZ].[K#4&XFH(59__G^NSR]@RZ/;M35_HBW^1DP;+%
MXEOZ#6X']
KWB U?5UMOH%3#)'\F'YF.+Y?W-^6\A^X/JFM8*IL!5/$90B
M
.A
MT9_;OH:JD)OJK\R4^JXZ78_1&Z /



?\1RM?.(

MSM&Q\U1NV.V']O%E()4Q@*

-U.F2^^J47JKAX(




J4:P[ZRS77P2&E
^.*D/4F.^J/=3C^2$:24]=)CQV?





MQ+.((Q[$A7M=GUP@BM$U\5C!7HR$W[66KE[IT[ +X0PB?*@*:.':-=)PPA



J.O5Q3RS4TAM[HPN-Z[H!5%C&W1YOJ5C3MG4#*/9!H
Z(G&M%
MH:7
#@QY&2QA?%B$2U$IX#U@1VG^Z7#5.!*+SEOP@_&<!17%SX1
MS@4M,S:/!IE7@H_36&S.[/7,36R5K!3ZF9:*DVARF5A9?],F)







7AJ2-J&X2
M.O7O
M)DY?S



@&L4QPJ5D43B+
M*7QUE
;J%]G




MWDC6]NH


M@6]KZP;==P@=QWY LE]N! )/=O6XD?9#T33AM2S6Z8P#[V3:([)NOXOBC( 1
)*Q
-L.C\I4FQ

<0;HQ]UJ!:K#.KBK-N4BB%(7($]9



@
;8 LYYYPCTQZ

M_HS;L.


MIS
V*=/WCJTX#B?QQ/EIOS5SABBK5!R GR9.?]8R+P;3R1R#F-O#^//SDP9X
M&N\;J?_LH


BG._D;GX7%0 EMI

MME25.TA^TOF5'0-N#:=K:])9G2I^Z^)'$\0_
6A+5T%Q#;2RT:XKH+
F! \G


58\:X!7=2VO#TG&^_%0UY
DH$\Z8X[7)4C$(ZS3_*AB5^@N#4







9/]B\#1V:V?@[3DYX-Z:O)U@9.^0
MY%*C?(E=5QLT0;AGYI[P1:UH;64'(WFM&:A3Q^B;-'MT%K6Q&E_66*L^)V?U
M

MS# $



M]P_RH1%Q2C4.-N'.J$&R;]3SV-&-5VG_IN]QZ);F0RI;I0^ON!\YV.4ZH:
0%^)TV@<#,1Z_;X@L_8IF;TI(A4XAX=T-'T=&[M'T\$GI- +

O4?@Z*E8^T/\$]Z'7A]NFC




VLF_#_N*M6!:)/2&(4E];PPX



M/+NEX:2#YSVJ],O(PG-=$U6O7,+W+FI/SHWISB=^@-S[RYX5TVYF1P$A-L
MWA*2#
^CE:'=MSR9GK

MR;V)KL@F8&DDBVOUZAPU0M5!7*:C0E-)^=:&P3A2#7S] [C;M!T?!!S@SC


I):U[66=)WYDUT:T=2P)KCD
JZ



MK;&N*QUI)

JDITTS/4:CRC&\@@)=RI7?ODP9




B?3(?QCNANB/G-7\))3CA@A3C0
;?47*]6J5

&4;C%9!Y)^JTH-9-%X5VS! Z'R&


MN5BN)?/W#U!=);C 6J/8


YAI7.XGF8
M31)A^$&*==)!CTWF&8A@$?R+C@I
7K)4'

UDPA?GTQ$


P50

MIH06


MQ AA!*#!&NN




M].%58/95MV=&2(U




M1!^3:3B+NB.8PFTW_K.G(1L\#7O)*A6R2BU9):%;_?J/$A500YA1_EDRCW!^
M1$K3
)JB42%!F25+?:+A&T@.;A/9U&*?TVQSDD&%.F908+9C$6(XUA]Q 5








+:LMG0JA5_H*1
MVOD/?
PIE]:NH$FAZH:.R


M:$J)R/SU]M


.'N ;9'%F/VG4CL7ME/;#?624GB/K6;A;Q70
M\/=J]9U]\F;*7 936Y^8VH

Q'

/7TV9S[:_WL%5


@D@KQTZCHC3T79(52V:8+6
MT:OBA6;8L'Z'C,XD_RLTN@ZY79Y+)%E&6\U2J=DVEOS.P.#(MKKG. U4Q%


X!6%\*$R29KB2;; N\
K



IJM=.2H/^V9HNXL1+2+#Y'4GZ7Q&8C;9^09U*33THT-$


JO^
0?7[W.S];YRM)*7RCQHK
38)HC2


M_A1M+V(8CR?A;#H.XBB







M*$+

D4




#I;KO




16)N: G_BRZ;P(
M,%8?([./$E[;-'Q<7FR)<.'MJW@($3&()V !JOPJ(KZ[H+0W(J.G^#QM[=
M\AH*7WW50T'98FP[$P?G&S:@@^2B76QHFZ?B^,(IE=&=;UZ_/971G;/X#47O
MZY;S7.AX]TP(8R*59

'HQ 0P+88AG%:6];RF1MQ2G,88Q8A9/#D2I.J4
M

M8!J9.!
MK-7X?OG=8B03


I; CT
M E/TQG)#HTWNI:5V'DC .OY6@,P1'  .WLWR5A(;71E W8O$DGM8 NCX1;B


M++.5CA

MS:\17W(C8R7P_L ^TQB=SN..]\6%#IO9)\8&&Q;Z[9ZFB.BP(&X)VWB%3T
V.GX






3N0T4\:9B5N7^?XJU49(4J
B(!NF2


#/!5C


M1Y!PI80+*\(



MK LL$R/I^Y^*Q%.NNXZ(S%_1])MT

?0P_9C[NQL6P0UIV%Y
MS9 3N$WZGHN
YWQD'(I'A-C#




)
2T^3

VS:)40$
MYH3Y0_


\@F.#*
P
M%$1M-\*!99!J*XU5D4H.?QF=W!-6F6*
B%^UF#S#N$7\3R;YA0@4J33DM@^
M$9$B3\7N\83:FL#[2$ZAD/'LAAI%SQ/CY%%]XT'9FG;8P(38((5B@5[(IDP



XP
M8KQ.$HPM*I)$ME\;D.))EHCGLVF3NB!]NJN676MU8YJ])FES;%)YQO5T;I!/
M6(/47TYU[*




M*P


M/7H/4 (.HC)@C^+;==J!L(;([Y4IODS#5BI
1(D3%1B_H#:MP&S/L125![
MCZNG)6H.1XF7C$JG98HN5:T0@?]_I
\U Z\PNJU


I_F\B(MZ6L-




Z]\T+*7F : K8*!^=$%++O'+6&L
M$7+#'7%J29Y4ZH

R: :Q
3-K!L;




?D7MSAZ-?)6%#A /$5N-*.(')I^
*[

NR*\!

M99-3QA[L0?Z0@DY&ATN%&)!9%#0IP+ZL

M&!HG&\(&S_EZ$?T391#=8'^QD/4F![J=8XNE]+5'H3FQ
1005;PE\?5RUO
M1)  R3DG/E% 4OXOD\GU998G


^J(@FN*C6'P#S-+CQB5Z 6H7$VC3?/,I][#.3VRT*O

(UIL-;?FMD4$2YDQ'X$4$



(:
 J$IH$CWM$N(R.[BUF2O$P1 B2?E4G\2YS1G^A7T*UV



Z'[OF7(0\SCYNS0$I2E!O_?
 3X



*':2I4.M 9@[!A23DW4-&\+[W Z(%IT[#UJ28S

?)22)]PB%[(+-/^I44BPG@DM.;&!!$L&=O)VQSVD(DF
MZ=&+? 



3O4SBR%M(R^PB)+.'BO
M;E0H@P1BEABIZ!^NZ+9)I
'JT*1[K8*AI613


AP3^;KZ?I\;O18WN


\VE.P66(05QFT8F


M$O^/I


M



5JA<S%'GD9/'C)%A?'AJ,.OSB0(&^H,8V2171 #\@X<,H*+V^;5
MO.XFN.&9KDMF-C]Y&%DA\%/\;@MP#R86@H-_!ON$7#RD.)-Y'@8J;[FP 5#

MW

MLRY3FQ8[-V+X.Z
N22=/J6!7X3 /QK&X%7@Y?F(=X6[J#URA(PN5$WTWS--4




]$[QR&$E
M*&O1H5G1D3T#08ABL2(K0C
&5SZ
@RBF-89J4C(1OVKF$P

M:HA6^04ZDINX1*;N.5T&9@E&;E
K


MP=-C)T9.#YP8MHM6$WI

@VF1T^$Z


VU9T*]9-A9J]C=]CX/!K34IDD:7''Q3-7[?;




M5)Z.' 6^(B.$ [^^!:/;BLJ,YXPTVP3_ZK4QG^?R7(_B3UK_HTFZ6
T.

:?H8KD)AWL=[/


I;?&TI!1AF%^J?^8ZM&^S



QH84\

M%Z;9N?WY)67:1(SE)*PBR@AB6;O;*+1FT*PB?'MKFZ84-MKWUF


$)66]
D!&1T
2P!6@C


M'BLG
/8FH8))5/1F^1M'K7AT

D'E%





M2OQ8HETN*3QV @

M82V[ R%J(:





MV+B[JYW3H3@+5;.''






Y7H*B\5KA#Q'

 .
M]/@ C6]O;_'JNKKV+
9+@NDD8AEGGTP1)QZ## 5;/%%%HOS?

M?PI:
JM76/6*5X]F:03629]GS_9&6= OUO88E.?B?=Q_.$\L#L:'W@[8'(I.


HKXS+J3T%\C(Z=[R?$S<3HMY *I#/;_ZY<H#4):
M/@7=_/XX+TBV)R@[I6# CB(\6D;7R*,5T@LJ P1@R^KQX79PB&RNIO&OS(Z
M=/OW2 .VI;



?T.\JPZ^\)B4G5$BDFBZFAU-HMJKSCJ


C

:)?WG8&&V#2X;R0-[H&/CVCDB!(&FIP&5H)BZ V]Z#PP






BU@9UN] (Y=/_TSG/+
M$'8
6 8G2*QKI)2 P'




MFT$O@FJUEK;VL( 
U?T\6^*YR_^7=OEY=N%SE_\
70[0C_^$8DE'4BCPAG.-





MC


5-&'#04@^


MEOJQ%4BZCQ3H0. 
&YA+)C81J4@T9CM*]M_%.4@]) \*+GA-C]*NK'$)#
0W
M6 @WJ*#3PKH?&#;.#C 'J#-X



M'D]E6E5 
0 !L..@(MJ[)-HV'KUJSV(/4C2[L [/WC5K#1V@$(YHXQY[). D

MWS






M9'7

MBWM=H@DG=
_UM;7
G+7+]A8890\&LV= )(;2.?/XB(E\MBD8P&/*O7A
H9$?
M*Q-9H5;V1!H!SGX=&S-E!IZ8






MA^D&RSK@@@/C
+H?07@V5]<'9C4-CPGLK5%Z/
MQ
2J]/!38

WYIOM=+7%.^

47GZ


%@ V0[/YV%E/.AU2;,W-W%QB.&HY\V\12

J=YQ/J!JV\

*U3)\#CX4)2XI_O(5Q64V]
86.@;Z'1\





@9XN=X:AJ[CO[7
.^$_5?J+







FG4?=QY-9Y?J-
MO22


O&3

?6\
P=[N7]!S-2@X

3B%




;3+9$



M
M*_6!1E-YQ05P*:<!JL?6J OO?0

FA^M\

DC[5G

VT-5[

+W7^'Y$_7PZG+#D+4-8D-H
ZKB]?\8OQHVFH3C8W*HZRT.DXET];0.ZO_!W#R

'Q V#,,!*@0)@K/?F7-+L['W
M3?(EE/<#UGX?:EXQ

*)

J!732O'




M%7+CY


%S[ ##3CB@#6$1OB&




-7W]T6N+^J\6^NJW4(97:JV
MJ*MF56R:B:C46I]


M/ZA25;D6\Z$6   (.# 8HW
T4@0P 9'JRJYVV=$\@(0$8'@SQ7S8I Q@ R




MZOF\7O=LPTG;MGI-
6'@P6R2BZ+)R[KI;#]/J+NZ:\65*HSXHLK.'JDI)G*)




Z


M
\[\
U)0Q![K[
7\:&])



M+)0P6PAC4@LER$()LX4P)K50@BR4'1)[24JHIC(0@FSA?9B7G5M9^CT?0(3
MG9DMY,Q;N%;/\!-
9&%$F8+ 4P;=M 1N019*'G-62 7\T+?TTI/D852]EC(
MP01#72FR4

MV2%3$S(:V7(0MEK6&@O)HV%,F2AC-E&)/&0AFR4

5L(
M8](1N0Q9*'N-Q3Q[
:F%
F2AC#OC&F+2$;D
KO_DSDX F-*C%MI^VK\HE#L#

MO-#W1:47'^U-&GL\5V4^
Z+_



D'Y?E!63ZH

$?2.


MW@GT3GJ]

MH%[O#'IGO=X9]


-=IT.L8G9,@V+'4+)C&C0[
MAJ(=TZ#:,93MF ;=CJ%PQS0H=PRE.Z9!NV,HWC$-ZAU#^8YIT.\8GA
 ]$Q






M44A5%%
5!55%45516%445Q4%5D61-:'(FE!D32BR)A19$XJL476A)K0I$U

M-:/(FE%DS2BR9A19

M9THLA8460N*K 5%UI(B:TF1M:3(6E)D+2FREA192XJL)476DB)K29&UHLA:
M462M*+)6%%DKBJP51=:*(FM%D;6BR%I19%620JN2%%N5I.J)$57)2F\*DGQ
M54D*L$I2A%620JR2&&-!XU@88SD#69R)+

NZW2
MA[H;_Q7EYS0=7OJ+I:&[_0U02P$% ,4      RB6E*'R// \     3 @
MP              @ $     7W)E;',O+G)E;'-02P$% 

O87!P+GAM

M%     @ 
HEI2B^M9Z*I @  ! H  !@              ( !^ @  'AL+W=O



BYX;6Q0



HEI2H1@4.T\





HEI2EQ!!K2Q 0  T@
  !@
M     ( !%B


M #*):4HF& 8

M971S+W-H965T.YX;6Q02P$% 




  !D






M  @ 
HEI2C
*LTNU 0  T@

M:&5E='

BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      RB6E*&)Z9%K0!  #2 P



HEI2M8?'Q^V
M 0  T@


M-2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      RB6E*E^P7Z[0!  #2 P  &0


M+W-H965T

HEI2F379!RU 0  T@
  !D


4



U+GAM;%!+ 0(4



HEI2I'G\.?4 0


M;6Q02P$% ,4      RB6E*\P? PK
!  #2 P  &0              @ $U

X+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( #*):4H#

M965T

HEI2@SJ[.;H 0  9@4  !D


YX;6Q02P$% 
4




M A0#%     @ 
HEI2M@(AD_Z 0  RP4  !D              ( !9&H  'AL


RYX;6Q02P$% ,4      RB6E*[(H+5
4!


HEI

O



M   ( #*):4J52M)8T@$  )P$   9                6ET  !X;]W;W)K





M/ (  











N

HEI2BCGUD*
 P  E!   !D              ( !



M:&5E=#8U+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( #*):4K^#U7E/@(  /4&   9

M  @ 

M:&5E='


M 0(4 Q0    ( #*):4ISTN#2P@(  H+   9                6.R  !X






M

M='

4      RB6E*L %IQU\  !N!P  &0              @ %C







HEI

O


M2P$% ,4      RB6E*WVB'%&L$  !5%0  &0              @ $]_@

3C&



W!@(  - %   9

M%     @ 
HEI2KW:








HEI

O

#





M%     @ 


O


HEI2K8K2$7] 0  (04  !H



M%     @ 
HEI2F67:_@L!   Z1(  !H              ( !ORH! 'AL+W=O



HEI2I1'\K@S P


3$N




HEI2K&67:U+ @  7@L   T


M4$L! A0#%     @ 

HEI2I^N
MVX^= @  B4
  !

end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Plant and Equipment - Schedule of Property

      
      

 Plant and Equipment - Schedule of Property

      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  










begin 644 0001193125-17-077043-xbrl.zip

#$V
3(S
2YX




M?WZ%^XG
=\SK;]-A!^727F_]6

I[E
(<LT(1 @]*R?]'@::;#Q_C&WH#S\X9Y\[_E2ME[3<NF7)&


M?Q&F
_!;U-/#C]FW8#K-9]._9:-'?U##83KYZFV%PS@0P(&]H1TQ*V%M!I-
M!0HQ.Q)$D2,IUVF:QB)-372#1]X-@\663O$&Y+U@UM%'V?0N& _Q/\E_/A9?
MLA%0-0UF45:6W\'4PO?WB5^*D!G!+7&&1T12G1;  EI$[$,DDT2RO\@K[Z
MW?K*]X*S3H!'V:3P>]WD]$0;#E\S^Q[GV@MC;BP*4EMF@C&Q-
4H-_P/]@S8GD1BBV!GL3PSI&
 5A$PQFCR5P4-N%/:+DJ6 IX%

/.-

P&W6WLN&O0CDN@4HA!=TA^7LL%.=T&AI@
M



M.62N]8& NQX9U5EP?5O)4/ XNYN4Q?_.AP?RI:EE]:GI&.7?N #6[.'; 11D


MIV$+F(IA8ZBLXI6ZFWJU+D@$!6

=)Q^'P14!;A20+. 
;M


IV#_#=^4$S.G9]W=PO
_@%;AQ'G#)7P3UPA_BG&UE_JSTG&]%


MZ)4*I^S95F [.2=9C/FIL_5[W^8O0_\S![8^%\R=8@7V
7*^/?!F#$[)9SSN

QCN8L ^




 YQZDQBU\=R!%<M.&EW@GI
7+ISA!_%BA1:

+6&4&N2

L G_U%P7?]J\;I'DFK8-!&L[/
M%R*X\+C 
['N


M5


*I@B








9B=2&'E@F=(*Z_&-0MJK+%W6:FM+KF_.





BQ/1!WP






QY


M1T8PA?81K*


RGCQ^FMT^CN#$Q)R1Z?M\D!=?
M








MKITI2_TZ=6TU




D\3)(U2U1GW[X-8 U
MZ

\


M

V&QUHY

K#+2D)ENVB4&=J@!




M[*GFAMV0-W



M0?

MBVM;WEJC7





M;=O&

Q

KUCNG?C\;=C?#


MU9&QO1X
M6-O%'N O^Z

M;7B[A !-6Y8PF5MKO7



3![D1$$/TM*







M77V8_GWY]AZ

M1LH+-BQWEOHQJC8HZ&V'[=[T536U
2_5?EXSFM1DEO7#*==I9V+SU[P8V0

@*..-*5S[KDHW4KD71^KEE61@$9=L3$#8_?SK.'\#
#P

M;9S=8.//6Z2!*EL)#%QL(!5C.[S9 K4%DH8@Y*/;13I4;?D_ ^36Z0Y^7&QC




MI;RKDUT[0%KA(IZ
\0Q=O/ Y3+N6L#%17E'.EZAW/OP*P





MQU



7Z9BDW(4B


@(#
M$\S7P%$5WLAYVH5^S66#

M&AW;B-B4.=CN(2







O


Q:BW8Y0+.7!(:(0(?@+P4A<0'\$26)=#;B0E&Y

X2E0JM7#1

4\7FH62L@06WHM'%Y08^PEZG]]G!195OTR*?*V#TU+M
MI6@WT/TD_9I]P[K

MH9J&)


M5DYGBQ LH2

MAY2D$0-O.Z*4AER84T2)R)0-ES6'2BZ,59[*YXFZ++XDJ%BF8?W5D(5?\U'
MQQPX6ON


MAI
&3F1+@3L9






MF8J0(QFRNEN_1#) [2EV/DF8)Q98U1S#=RG8^Q



+KAX-M




WXUO\#_[H??XE'V.-0C  L2KS_$
!7IG_

/)9M8/PC&^6!74[#D1B!=/ E$T%YG;'
0FC





MU(*'DSI XD(=H-T\G



GIH(I$JK $IG$CCB![8MDHD+#H\ F
M064':LQDV%Y*TL37#PN(VO&3N *M6%A

MDC3!=#K#B62)(M9J38P-PL@Y*6Q2#[8P/H79T:U8-[N$SL_&R@5*OF'5%9@)



Z?C*]O5U^]

7!



8LSR JZV0^[G#71+EA!550T$K

M
HFQZ5Z<


\C14W*QT


M+QI7$8+MJ&YM#Q.5A\7JR.;SI@]Q[UNI%JN7VM=3B+G?!4D4_?5 T3#M6R



+) (9S




MQ\3[A]5YA['ESW#43;T@#0M









_^@@0&6R8V=-G3
M*

MM:OL5C?R9)YC
 \?X[Y_G$W*[VLO/H


\3:R

G^1XJ


4D[.0L
'V6E;&F_&RTTN_

MA=M] +=#MD]XT$$:SR9EWR2TE!'F'1CN-NXJ=L/8$;2_[
@17L@HVO34MCQ\


8:**MPQ;PW.+4..E[[DK9X.0I


M=KIX
D X)-_I'^Y!M-E89EIW)_9Y]Q=Z/E*?XX+_MX9[V^-O:93U/A_B.(_A


:H TQC4



M%9
Q=9S$J:
$X[D@PZD@S$4FC9





?T=

M.3]-\Z'9]#43^N71Q*T1M =I$HL16FL-8=K3=
)T5F0#
]21#:
$ZS@;*K26

M=S\2T M^

$MRIJS
MJR](!-;._1



MON4%4UV^IJZ/Y3V0RKY6^&_YU
^A/*Y XFA=J5C*A0D
$8&&)5-!2%P ?T1)

_GT+$W?5:

3@7]O*='
K\^*H['&%E^[@

@%8FKQI93
M#



2MAW^EG6I6^O2LGZ:2\S^K<
M@6,8,X;**@G=O

B! N\P$\H46D2!#S58B23E-ZK9]L#JVX6RV

ME#G%6;KP'IEMI





(OJBN3RT

MM.K:M^7
!'2_BFY%@*BU(4.+XQ()\-4-W2H=6Q$@YQNBT;:FO7HXETD 2^
+
M83%#HV.)3ZNAX_/D8;9KE

M7OI!*KN=CE&L'+4!(RX0 8$3@!
K94)4P-

MWS'YCR6R-L_]+$B%9(YU0SHW5]Z]#*!.Z
U4TE9 YV;).\9?!E*PVKLAG=L?


MGKKE[[42D[G1S1G;P\GER


=K
M'Q^3Q6+V



MVB-(XH?)[0S.A3RX1V7UO_VAT6%  ..=1VY27&T;H(3R3%B]B @#T=D=1(


?KIBRQ^DP:]O?OG'3U?_

2$?W@41?
@8:[=&
M\






BH^
M9[Z=UO(-:[\?9 \KOR)?\T^_%S.ZTU =:_Y^1K


<CRKG0-%;W:YD]

M_

0F$
4LA\?XD@]7)!J7W
LT/ U(

NV)Z-9N@E
&'
MW5_!YJG??95_F2=#P-==36[][W)XM/JOL[NB'
('_.=C5H+@OK[Z\#BXJS'!





+F6._7%UAH*V
;OA/^=\N@^Y ^S_'[M


CQ:-O!6 .CN:3'
40TCDI7CN*C4^ZZ/F/L-


MM7_/H_ADHWSH]]86K;X.&B1G^0]UM295\G7#?
9C.'@[W,,?<Z.32,LBP@9=@22


MB

/*
J['E_]OX_C


MWEN&C_X?]@

M!+JG'4%QF=$9C^UKV3-WGAP0690P!@$.%LF:7W\SLPH;%UFD* FD*L[2E@04




E





MA6)4A2W#N2P:!W/4EZ5=XYPZ^J]PMD3(@%_ACW.T5;M-&4. 88Q%YE4*Q^



H-81IU#XHB6CB=P%
ZV0C&4)M)]
^&QNP65@J=TQ^
*%9DE+I)K


3PFI\(QGC:@._&Q^BHF]1\F
MQ0!=]]?CTJ6439K/W(B!+^
LBV?E1ZWUK^SJ]R_VZ=^:ZY2LX#MW.[:[A!/W


M3[X6#V#G;=7H*GY6+J]@

M;




M#O?N'GIB&&I''/9;
-C;?9 AI%'O;FVLWDNC//HVDYD:4A[!$S$EOJ04!*HB

7(6NA
M+MSMY/;@8)*[L4;^?J,:R&<\)5I=N]JVDN3E:O@Z;FSE2D?$Z[(/,:5AY&G*
M06TNXQNFPLDZQ7Y*$XZX,V581K0N[0I1#! UJNBBP7.=\1T.1,0!HA$E /$X
MQO22 *J9YPD&H#..T-&[Z#<9\2%=).RNKCD\%7E%KYI4E%VGVQ===PZ0;V7-
M]0'57*\ILB[6[.?VOQC-^763<Q8O\6;9E7Y';)I5A_&U$WSX0
9FT]A\;OG
M$4(O1(QT&R^

M5H?#XC

(F+C5YI?RY.J_0O

[

*QRP*.&$.(+RLV XBMGS\JH::Y
M7J? 
A
KP@^

L(#IO8;GD2(XQS]LKB8]^QUPIIM*RIM


1UA
M<-XXJDL 0P(4C,?B((K7 RHV^_O<)K$X=N&,]F <<5S;'3RNUYVF LMSC5I=
M.&N525XJ:KHS%4W[N&VLY+Z3^H_J?^D_ENG_TJT1;+M!-YB\]I1*;(HGI%2

FR6A29YQ[.H&R5'LT:]








MJ
!


M

XRJ[%3Y$\]51\L2*O6N;26(M$!N3&N



)LG

 Y3C#GAN%M(ASG(3=[^7';O':LN)G ET*T1NK&VA=.*2K?LC2Q5/?/

 VTP[?H
L+(EF 94
M9)]F09;S+#7E


M3I8G0_&=)^15MAK6Q7 X'H)I4Q3TDOE)E?.).\BSC(%T!Y-_E3EEQ$7YC)+[



.RQ1!192X?DL+:R)Y;TJ12];5(]?6N

M4)3%+^!EAW_C(8@HJ^=WM!HZN&.MA4.1^8;MY^TOC=P^!$J?
#:[APWH[+R]
MCD/*3*:T#NPUL9
\#8D%*-



#
M)4?=!9[L0BOUH-2#4@_NI1Z

M!Z F0


4ZLK=5)+&
BB^RE5




HSF$0U

FQ^DC*V%I&
7X
MAKVEH \
=!+4OX





4T'T(8YL34

BDA-:07C\]



MEDNDY#_X8B$F



M'9 13GH!\:&Y^BII.OJ%VGTF^3P;W_'I@LS!7\=P#2+AJ5G7_%Q.'V ;D3&

%4^ )X]KA+$*XB62*!4885@O^U#;$

G+*/$H
M 8M&HYHM K.FBJ^JAH9SX'HX?8F%*IV)A^=

M+0FZJTGST[8$L





M\

KQ0IGA4Z\YN.J5J841XQWI?:3RG?JY@T/F+;^EN.4;KP



^4
_\[ [52

M'$U1@D)628'

M

$M(WJZH;XR@CGMTH1L_U-?%[<

M*GB!=!/NEG^*7)/6D&@;JN
\219]:TBT=-6SC)?*&)+E)I7L?Q2ERQQUI;A5

MY+X\VG*2Z-!M3GLYI\2(B(U%CK'($.$)6/6\EV9.H\B\H@0Q3.@0Z)[UY'%*


M/-.H=]%77%
_5?[%





35B*0UCBH:&OMX9EL

D


COT;-#K;W*
M#G4.^-,R.U1FA\KLT,=FAU94U_)$J^=DPF@+ XQ]:KF5?MR*Z?JX2FNJKA
M/@G$=6LHM-5N9P\2NQY!H:-V=0E3W@(5\F)YRRA(O#0YSXYZALX1P_=LVN$
M1Z=$6JIK/DG4NH6TFJIN;8V1NE^TFJIA/$F^A;0A=I-X7L4O5OA[GIR[7NHY
<;ADR D;%;EB






M

5B5L](/U(VQVG\0Y

U7


[;DO^'=[ 7:'S8NQQQ([$!+G^\F!DG_TH$616@B9#^

M\'$\NPPB B^L@X\6VR(&J*,724Y! [4F-C:[&8@N(&=&2!/ HC9ED27.9B
M:S*^QVP&7(-3N(V3[[!RV()Z^&/
YEFYCN52$
:AG\3 +N5JK )85!&YK'HM

J. (0UN&/;CK?$P

M/ZY]#E#:8


M=_7-X?\D!I_$X'L0*%OMO* I7&[I@]IKTIW=DBY3+1Z;:H%Q KK\[$MTP% [










/G]GTSV





PKV2^X
N2MMWI66VX[[H--PU3MIVG6V$YB]:<Y_1YT(&0+#'--A;E_'KOK
MV:5ZI







MM8!]OEPS(&L*]Z.]8R*WHQK;P^7*6*N



MK9WYH0^\J/BK
M9
ES+6+$H:_3\_ROWDKI;/1G]TMKKOO8 ;P'[JF'M1[0




3Q7'QB.
]3@
M_3[*ZE:U[7M;61
^KVN_!R_\S[
M9GPSC]_A()IA:I;QE]_6SJO)-GT_O09VP_\

M\[* =69T+=
%6DU@ ;TSU-SAT-
L:^19 WLX[!@CI-H[?N=YGN4TMGX3JI;7

AT.K-]0Z[IFGV?:HHYUU!Z;6.[
Z

83D&?-[TJG74?-1X*]'E^#SH;E#)ES)+
A__&!1\I





M274OT[6/5%MU=.]U:!
@]6D2BZ6IL=V%I%K3N7]'UY+R%Z!*:C^
QTG.:K^H

DW95W7FQ!GH'D TN*Z+DKLA=D;NRT:[(



EIXJ/2R4(X$0CV6)'Z4^

.62L4AA83#K\,L3I6^J(8)T&
L)(\$+I@%

M)LH
9I; PM1J\9K\NH[5FDPYG$X9$'_#@('C&?OB__@

M:_:P.]#.W/Y0&PR!UI%QUG$
XS&R6Z


M+$%T:]

M^%LE2

#&87P;J:4*TX$MC


MBZ^?/KT?_@


M@L!=D/GP

M\I[P(8Y 6M-K6O42)Z
AB@\9YC8)




M


MS3/UHOL3_NI]X^150


#LP84HD5H%W1(U

?G?KN

_

M#&]JEL$[J:^;7#7]890%V9UX[C.;QPG76_^QTVK-^$!.?XW;]9RJ=_W^06

 $VH?K%ST'ZO0_

OYW0M]






2E\Q2ZJ
2N)^Y9)2




M76+0'(



MT36@T!GUC_K\UMF8/=Y!T/;
0])(RCQ/\+:7GO+
A8SY$U@+_G+CQ9J2I+7A

5U4\A'R)!;*P646)K,)\^ P]
MSX? LR9\*/#G_P'+BWE:28$&48174#%39'N3KCK8J%QF:OS86%8NE'WQN-\
MEO

SF
ML'+E8$.+1XU2NFF=W)4VK/3JD/PN#Y*_#A8TXI83C!-\!T0F=4&H.F0-G$
MRSDP81;

1[]?=Z[0V#V)7^

*G(MXDC?I@);Y.A:-NB^NZX\.__S'\

W@5_B6CZIG/8HO








K'









M@DD4?6 WT_@6+D8

MMH&#*

MNT]=YMZB

?;5TZP
TA6
0.XHHC-^X

STX@/8



6






$F

9?#Q &;92U.VDU*6AY?T]#U[8 [ZIF:X(TNS=<?2W)[1U_21
MVS5U9]#Q/%$681EFUVE4M=Q/QF()4YI]G/X5(8HOXG#'95J[*5LRCM\9NF,X
MGKY0MM28^6)9SC_C, ?*$U[YLKON4T*<SI8F%.OPEF8U




/-G58VT9=80?S2&2A%G$[]*7B)

14U77*C-L]O (7!K@DW'
!



P&L

.2X

MCZ9YC^6@



M7]9T3VNJ;/Q



\XAP:5/V$15






'@' #OTBA4J



835@@Q!
-\^
'-S^6N.8!
M=OL^S:UENF3O-4?-P%D/O;










E/




XD*WD$U=H*;:03FW3AW36JI+O
M)D$8*I=
LDI[6643?5(#KZ\9[S6+O&FK#\IV-.FG. S&=Z5-OS/+O=/3^_K


M-S'H[__7*(FQ6QGV+:!
9^Q?T.C;
 



Q=#Y.X!8)MV7\9X1L!S)^!8H_O?7G

MJ3*J8B1\1C@1[(FX8OS:Z&4?BR 2[4;Q#IRP:Q:EL#:T(F-L^-E06A_[YPUE

MXSS!-
#.8=@N$KZ

M]]QEE$_1_Y7@7T/_$K:8&C@V?A_?L.2:^9
&0TVP'PSH(7*VL1]S$$&V\MA8






;1


MVLT6/U.S6OZI^X8:BV.:^]^YG?2/
K8BXF
Y#G=$W8J#+$[2PHXM+#SQ
FP(


2!
M


M!F^8R@PJ3]E&2A%L'?#[!J58Q; ;91,[M_Q1Z^_@]\L-;Z7)0MBT@L;Q%8

M/E??N




M:(7R*)3)@C0U#5&A%(ZHN3#ZIQ;]6JCP
$DE&%
BQ2EUXN;R&)*!5B;8\(L_
MN9#BE'


=1N+'-JGX17E$MB

MN:]??.=[%-]&Q8K5DA'AB9S\]8559=;N,3+_BSJ

M737Q
[]H?PU+5V98%PEZ(@9#67^D
?VTM#*+9:IG



ML@0JTVO

E?/EF\&]7<.

\LQSD;:
MT')LS;9
1W.!GS3[K#\RSSI];V0
OYGH!?D$(PU6EV

Q;7_
M%

M

M8(PU1Z]SZ9S&@&:*VH*'QKAK;GU5WXJ2//IP=AMKI+&;]0WE.!Q936V4P
 W

M7E





M?OI.

M5)LI[25&NVY O*


MZ%_]0DEK9AO-]36:O +=9:AZYVE.4*F]I/9Z+NUU /WR9-?-'=^;VD)OF^?V

MAF6KW8[](M;


M=CJJX1JJVW':;Z'MA-X7=V\=@*$E(Y%M

M 1!%^8\U.ZP*'[Z
$;9M0N2II[?9ZMJ2+/W4V1

%M

:CBS
-8)F$
)XQWG
MA1];-(5[(4?U2SVWCS-MX9REH;$DW=9FTOUY(8_Q^47PD5$%RS)5SWF9$
JS
M?+.U!ZG

MNI'4P_?IY1M)55V3GJQ95+
Q4('



3
M;NTL3K-J



0V_?/86FK(
UI/[_?U
]TS=+?[S?CF';_3]-.NX=7H?3 A

M^0Y$



C!@T^5W21?3U!DQ8)*8#)
8);P_ /.D_:Z


M;V?\QSS-F

M!Z]FN;V0EL4% !^!I!E7NI]9M]-K\


_@WE[AR2W

!EA$7:/?!4D-.V?9.EB-6FD1<0=3
MQ+4:&'_
HF[^ \-V&$T,
M)@$/^Z&2]='*#\/X,15-H)M]'-=?!X@FT.N;0#OVCCV@O<U[0#O':\1LBT;,
MKW4K?(#6NGTR(M-;DI0S,329?EOVUSU$^:CK\N__6CN)T_E1'2YO@2'Z58M


6[=









MW^E][0E*D?










MHQ\M08=M @A6AQ+[-8G3%!X_=$?L%W87--]^



M

QY
M2\UZVIENQH:E*/



X$M




^;
M:3 P<V T,'1H/Z6?49.-@\F$)0:K;B#V7M:]+%^)V8J9BIFNM7OA!NQ:\7V
M31:/OBGL+AU]!A*E1VITOZ-:=V7=.FF;4U
OMC;


0Y:LZD*:9FGKE*$IF\9)*T/K8NL*U+U+TMW7M+'8^6)YQ/*(

IS8/A6NZ\?I#G


M_OI8%^R##]8ZA?9.4SW9/A;8SL&(--R+K5N\/&\

.)YG0
MN4Z.

$+(P14P2&
Q_])-Q*CV2A$C^

M%%U
8'+[F%Y A?2O^)'\D#KYE.8RCA(1_,TI7U8I$]Q1J1\?Q:65GJ$Y1[%
M$3R*,X;-]2DI?\[+G\ O8(%7;_KRSE3V!0:!]
Y+!O?FB %J4PCNY@1-\


%T#DE-LYR@A/@7;K!0?YJ!F=*GS.D0@8N3/X0DR



E9.4B





M#-DRMJ[$;=?ITC19L_9JU!6FYVE3DCO9;/@@4C3( JF\RF-%2/4@M/DJ:=
MB=6GR9:Z=7E[@P[2R:JI2K;*'C(&O=:;)ERSX.?-'A3Y

MEC7/;MKP6O\C2=-_2/\]



MTCHC2?8D2[

M;9_0VC;M9FK@:NTG8B
4W'F)4K$K3=R5LW?)-KQN6ITQ(;TK@$[?5U+PC%^P

MO%4!A2'&OY^(GZ32.Q]QTQ^E(S?VQB@4TLL(D+-9
__PS.\))AQI_9.SSP
M$5\MD(E?$8:78X_1U]]N:6&WD&P*M?&Z1(M@^*[1 [!(G4FH8&\E-=U;6#
; DTE68<15U_P5&TQ5$\U:-HR:XF<

MKD##;
11-%Z@)PWKH$?Q-3B


M)^SP%\'4
M;J+T6PSQE6!6!% $;9_3#
VX^NZO#W&
#W^/AM/D
X^LO
M\,*%]FA,-T1^ GV1L76N-6[EG*6(!7NI8C<

LP

M6TTS%E
Q\)

M4TWC


4N LC

G(_L


.\K+=$00M/#CE/VK\DX'96LT!I&$TK!8


4[21?-S3'!)J 536$[+!EC=0H


M?O7P!)KH)FONP8BDV'7Z].N'[+X('6O@RAJP_

+P%
UU9%+_9%[$O#]T64EK8GK?4J+^?


MV6B)G_'26?C1/
(1Z2/^&MN6=4GB6B)GH\5NO-PS(M9*Z7/I:F/18ZLJ"E
M[ E
M_0

<T5/7QED5842RB]DX 5W
^C:H47
M-RYHJ1]5'/0M7%'PRKA;$I$)UHKY/SS3S]*]?

MDDJC+_[W/ISB

MC$.FWM #'R=/Y?

M^E\-V_R*Q&BZH7U5WX)4=A301J;NN9\_?VF_Q84XPA49IC^\ZUBO)6
7P]

;6KIE=+YJ7[6W'W3'

N97_'!#\@FG$N$8 :BW*:5@84\<5\SP<OY\J_!9^GCU:=?%9C?
M;]+'RT[W\N/EE\O!#3WN90Z_T+1\0^UF*=H.-A5/1_

M61(4Y:#ER6&R^/OZLB#K$L/C0'P0R








IL*BNL





MK^('_'R8Q-


TT^PN
CB

&-'^8D!'GTM


MP4W


//B] ^-E





83F/B+@



S+GGS6/1Y


&1#]U[T:%LA

US6C^


ZQ+-!M6'U-/OQ:R
=D+US42%(-[3Q(U65/.UHB@K 6GI
6@QS1J'6B



49+3
$M273 +SX:'

)F$4B'T/L
MB]@7L2\[&T=;YR_9(NOEF%DO9YUF]O)].DB6V66$&$9Z'9V:WC;3CIU9+/E1
MV4\S[RI$(:-IKO(;['4\^L8Z!53;IB62CPV.LB2XG=
.1^P.FV*K^T4R-$-7
MAT&P_]$C_.*)]1BXJ*'TT?2^6A$TA3^'=(6*=+4?\).OCE8-@PLYNQ#CY%







 V0AJU
M'-7ETWU: ;0AJ='/@K\)
N^DGL@WN

8D3& 6O
MGC'3!(:()Y-@12\G2:87=(+HE$01?
+%W]ZT+J5+-26+(-S55YQ/R66YK+



=IKF$IBF9KJO(?556]KS=?^E\-
29Y;EW!WRI%1WQU@[(




6(]C%B1&(TB^E.LH_R+?G!XN_T


M@6Y9


M
]JO$#A!RF(&P)9/#N_F_X 14FG





MHGT$N_
4SU9*TD\$6*SGI_?\FW$3%T&S0%3 6[R5J_ 2JNKK\2L*YP@?[@&Q

MQDX+K'5'H@P LO()J+W&=$A_NKEC\*7:_1DL13!71L$
5!7:EE2C_7XC]0E^
M08$4P4#JW7!&Q


8BV&^T^_CH/H[#]$+ZO6C)


M29QXNJXP'Y3IZ3UME USAR\1036E)CEVU7[SM]JDO_#)+4^M7 2TWV6T.&%Y
M8Q21.
8]8A+4IW^+J&4
$#A(OR'I89S;])9'(1H6U-\Y/@VC4.2CM#^770$
MJM26M)4YB/M\9[RGN)KQW]^=)Q:OCPPRATL4


M1@3]TKMY

&$MFK!ZXYR?:@#2E]S2U\S8Z]!*QO4=^K3 DSP(MC%


FYC)003)E@TE3]

MV_)95D(4*R:%LB2!\YA\(QD+D



M@_+TQR+'CT#A'PTW,T9)!XC/%QFO9#\WS\8R_HF,@\B/CRM($I7,)II5Q
M\*!KB$(_





M


YGA9WF?X$OINB08/6!@RPSOFY6#(8



MS^+3^5&&=V&B7QJP7[Z#S\9!.HM3/TS?TUDQHSI.\J&9*GDJ!_W!D-41Z8#H


2&:+[.02TV72YWYW3S-





MTWR=V%W'8V U**6%!F;ALGI;2U^&Q%VM8$;1LW_TCS[L759LRVI@)NP4#UM
MU[Z1 J#&)Q/]ZP1^;6Q:'UV5R#4Q7(U/4T%/\S'Y.M/QA=2I[@LHN8_F-58

M%$HAF\&JBU29FJ.YZ(OS-'3^R+K













]O[\8.CM_YIE'7NOS=:]V
M]_WJ%\GNP=L*OH<5O..&-J<




^;4=0EB.



93!)-5DKG
ZSF0KS_3&%K\88CX=/:B@EK



M+V[D7^-&7E./=R6_]VR \[F2W^PZF3_W_$U[8Z[5MZ=MS6WY0:_&3X3!#I#;




B5;US+.+DE(:2PG1_'#2LHL(,:6==-$
MHC ]4AS5)619LBV92X3U^
T3<' UL;?M6^ZM;;#[JNV74LK!63KU/WB60(;7W-T O'W:??
M4S*^C(8,^2VZZ[\O(DO0*+C@-LH1QKXD*XL!:I=7683<RZTOVJQ]$IV
M%=WX(;F:P*#PR^SI&CRE;/#G/)A-.;1VTY;&?/M!L4VGMC(OH^9'@'@YB!+P


4!2$]



M8










AG:GKY;AK;Y3-?M=;G*]O'2
MI
6K]_)JD1R^49JP9KXD3YC;=-( =22=S.V6!KC8KWVF=7=F21!6C1?N09QU

MHDE.(P7DI^*ZL7WB$=C*;HDEL2NMMBEKQIG0JNNR:9Z)(C 


M5$&4B.=9FOD19M7Q#VG;TN-(R)T=
UM6=4O6W3
)T]F6[!JV[-I[07%I'KV.






 0F5S.8QFU=M .XQ]I+;%@(H5?@)Z^-








CP#@NN!1 '(-;FN




M
6FV'-\:DCP$(R)+GTGF!Z$
@_!E&A%\ 0P11.
Y+BPL-ZKIB(38%
-'A0D;
MG

F-BQ/Y90_^/N%9
-

#T.\

M8/BDQ(\1
T(R A(WJPY[=I
 Y\X'0897)=YL-&\NVSXW&7H[-[
PR*C

Q148O@+8; IV/)
MWY\6
[T+0S.429PHL


ZL!-1R)%!!,H.YGI+)*2$. +C!T\
MH

M+J]$

MM265F1')7S&E-4&XI.AG%(.Q%=!



M[&FRU1:TK*TI]+Q3I]#QCI9V*1+KR_/?PVA?FL44=._0 F#7#'H#SLF9X*H!

9QMI;)RI
65/W4LG53%+W4E;4/%(-6=]/
'!#:8M'7-/MMO2UF;;T .<F/U


M[
^500NF9'6'
TR*3&D%:R+=\D17S






M;B.:F)FMF:#&7


J[3<OQ#G.T&OUNOERU?O/OZX^@K]T

$]HW04M1T8##@MJDX#:UZP&

MZF.MR%+V)SSM&N]NWY?&'Z]0OD2G%E%J/I
'$LW1P(51WK$JP6J1XL+CQ7L6
MJA99:220=7='J'LQG9(QF$K

8?:-Y
M
HM3]*U*IRE&:SY(


M

^M2K]^FAJT?57H+K, W&L8N

MJU.^$



[\Q
JZXM=7#7ML@ =^:522
WX P540NY!*^$A9NZ\

PX[H^'



M2





WJ/M4_H1?3W50-EXQ

IY5E#.53@(_2. '5?=%







SNC55_?O:'.Y\S38+#E6RI_
C'Y()OU3B

X@=/$'/\#




M7

 OPK!G*:!Y%CP@<&REJR5/#2BAV$=5;I.2HO-F
MG/


M:[%;$I%)@)V/OE3RU_..3)BPGL)95S!]'1YD 6P
:5'''L-;83#%QD$9+:5E

M.'X.L%UI^XS+



8RA9_3-

!2

M:(_;NN*X7N[Z6/9\A+?1;G89ZY.-YS#-+B1Z@


M6'2(Y40PR#C&AG!5X1P^@13-&\O6^M466ERB_WJ6+-U& 2415RVH7Z\)V#



R3&=$/




-5 IU$]:%63BX)@I+P

C.ZCX




M=4\Q+2P [W0TI3OP5
6U5


M%84Q_IE'9*[T6=-E!N

MT]X)LN2N2'6[$4Z59H]0(E^3*(@3Z6N48H88T.J'&)-LSZI4P@818Y O\H.9
I%!-UEUWK_1YQ)=W





ZO6Y%T;

N8S&

\^M0[0@

OWS.I_OZ/MI5WN!++XG /DL_
MD:0 _ Q\&'D8A#D

E4U.LQ5 GC *]B#U:6N[
M



M!

&2C5/N;6

W OL':Z;HO3Z()^EVQ
M8VQ55A55-IQC-&4L4]9-138V]\IWPIRQ#%E37-G9O%6+$-ROQR8^Q1F)LL +


MVG!9ROF!6DKM:X%GL
P





.[J RQ5


)@C0%\7B#



MWW!I6]5:+UWE\)A5?R]*Z)!EPWU,!UE]R8:-%E5.M ,0XB&'8H&55;LC1/X
MVRP:=J;:2MA2T%0S[7J@ BZ1V@$MN(P@4V38Z4*DD!
%.!8%M;(PPT69!
ML#-%;D
856V.)T_).

M\%$:!^DL3@
:EV2M2V#E)$W)&+/+R8]9D& F8S3&;[8+(AR^&6Q!C-I%\\




MX



M& U[KC'J]XSAA=YSE9'1

M/;[:5


M:I-
Z-E


BY[Q@#^CS
T[-[H4E/Z

M2;PQD2)O2JA?)L



M7D#1\#YCCI*[1[NZ;'0E46+;I6H@1P^6
2'D:+T
.(5M)@F(O9!&

M\A!.!\G'-&3=WAB+IG
$I.NRHF^
:+@U0D_7'?FMOZ%$Z=R^%-IN0[92ZI




MJKIYF71#;H

5J/
MX7S
=W*=$O3B
M7






A'6Q4^[!XX4@^KMQVDF@9X69+*
M/WDZ5#260*DCR3WI3&]K4S:Z @_X0H-V3X*_.DN2(:-$GL*DJ'TX_E^DGMA

M3DFS/'--[9WP
[2#2[5Y;D*NM7%N+9-KG;?N&DG;M:HPD;G=CCFW5$_K6MSG


F*0J-X L16
M].CKJG/AS#!ES;!.A;HT7=:LC5



M




M&



T;#



@H^Z?O7MX-K4R-5-6U9T$
M*-NS1EV176

ME[IY;9'P1PDGL#B5-I^*T =?H]C(JSFB.J
&JJYL&1UID+2%JFL8!VO8=P3B
M2X13Q+FT_%SV%N9Z)E U%]_*X*
K3 $9#_
$S)Y/) GB\;^\


1CH]C7WTN@K/=LVACW#
M

M)
2H^%B3AU?MKQ'2$]8;XQ


 \M;+]\F(SA79
@\F!H4
[2##YB
M6AN\+
[CI9

%O?^_W

NB% B7.)_.V!7.[KQ
\B83XF?\
XSN+25H$'65OL2V


M-T2]'$LH0.!.


MZ%O2%-9[!SP
Q9P
-V#@SEI'M&R_CDCH+8EGJ6&


6

)1
M7Q+


M*K*]C X1Q1G*:3#T00F87PM


M.H*E



Q^?7\?P#C)#*'2;G!
MS---?:/2PQU\9

M




TJ X]Q'-1\B;C8_Z(T$MN



MN[^PF&(Y*JZPYD
^IR9IS3/++EGU%G:MYMZCP;CT/5JY*K6BN%\:+X2MF\RI
MPG00.!9TN$LTH

M

M

:)\^S=




C/I6Y$9=E;L33K.#3


=!V$](0BU;1?N+L]

M4\6=+G

5O^?NIHY?Y/





MD94#LLF
HB+9%


M]U3?!#7
1SMM+LK Q-K#70QJUWV


/E XK4*2D4(@U5RW2.H!=:ZF

M
H!P[D+9IO4+]%6D%@FE*VZX?6:*V ?
M(+Z93E#__('F ^#*4X)J4IXB@P!]G+( JJ_Q\E06%XV\*:L\0K:!GZC5Q0%




WF4F T_10R'1L'LQ
M@$R?C1
6OZAM$G6NW = 8M12\*HEP-28K
E0
T!_$/JU
!S1L


MI061QB69C!Z7.3DB




M_;GK5 0Y
9Z#$CP


8-A
[ U+@KN@'I-GMNC


KU


\







WOC%5#
M/VNRZFBR]+
BLB2:XL=9!*$
8

M!K 83J)+5O.Y@UB4O!L&B0:/CGI#-\P/\;B(AJCEF$\7GW'S36D@C/DH#G


M:AB0!S-6:=C(47KS4SDIOWQ1$QVAWEBA?B@HIZCA3A&WTJJ8O_D\7-\939.G

$NT3PV21





-@-C6

2E$;EW9B5Z)NUE9O;@MH'1S;'HVB2JF


M1$V+UOCX/+D:B#U.O.2QAFJ3UO.PWRS4OW%P'QB


8LM*M



MC+#VZ%_49]DO+]PSG.?I?\W!BQ3@=C39#

M+ J)

;_#P8BV)ZH]D8^8O.RTAM:PI=X?E8T%P?U@YD+
MM
\$*W['[@4/WJR18$]MU ;; 0HH&T\PTJ;Y\KRB

M7Q0#%:4MM=&Y&ZH:O^[A9M%1I&JPD1$[YIYPP0Z/-3C4Q\%5@RD5$ &/\V7

M8M4X



#/4L
U8EG/VZS&
GC
:
M+67?4@.93 O06?J+=XQU%ND$18?8?R4MA.^P\N8B[30J(K(@8 72(
OO;V
AH_U0.Q<1F8!
M:D\[!@:\+2##X2ZZBQ6/\K0MK!5%45_Z&!=YK&4F;SNH_) 8&L9QG3I1&J\
MGM9_^3XHWKR%$N\8WHP:+TR0NA'H%-F;:7\)AE.C9+BCX6)5'B3U*: [[&F



QK
M2




_#0'0]*L=:NY

D ))I5(Q!VGSZ7I7+#BZ4C*7V$
8
M'@*EI5PE:F.5^[5JS%:(?QAOH?LIJ[IC#4\Y@&Z]#4Y1.4#M841O*N).I1N]





3A*


M;)7W'@*,0(&6^#B6M50)2.=



1#;7;!8&LNYT\77'LG&DY18QOH
MYJ@\NQ:AMM.Z_ X*Z4]SU0N

M#C%3!62SIFC*N73)



MVQZR;AU%'I%4C%%CV(5'Y0TM9DLJ7_%X[MF;XOV\#)L!#Y540OU.#'BI8I!!
M5.;)XI1*+.IZ+FIZQZ/R;WXJ_-





TI,4E6^0
MI*B:8N6N636URE55.;++1MK%[U!S]4%IY2RFKHF]OH/)7N9@*D=$%L3&K%Q-







M[=UZWNPOUY6?ODK/_Q2'@0_LY0OP^(LP]K__#9Z7_CHFP5^^


MXQOJ9*JFJ]^4
MMU(P_OUM



MV]?KX5LL ] /*:_O^WIZMS3?5':EZ[^)2U6!UEMKKN\-1S['FJ7U#5=W

MVN9E_\)2AH;.5D0UL\(QC.I=%O\1:;%OQA! E/__:WVELGJJ/XS4^+Z
YU


M;#\.0U@%674Z*W;XY1OZS*Y(/HB %/1!N





.!%'U
U67&




:0:Z0!I=UM4H(S2UC;2R:
:&?34LV7 O-.X:&]$!;




MK?I28TEYG/FZQ]?^/6G6EXHMN5U27ZJ+78&+





M5%MVNY+1\PKK=0Q8[ZF@9L)Z3=.6-64/63!;-(^&!XI!%EI(OZR3\%P;Z;+M
M=-_WXSS*4FRXF;Z/O2CM1V
^4G3[F?@DN

GC$P





MVD= ?2'@LQB\V2(0
Q?1(;=3$F6?R2Q.
GA@&*1^&*=YLH/(C3+41MKPLM]3
M5=WJ&6Y_V.L/'+MG6Q=]RW8'[H5Y(2(WR\!4G;:Y^PM?F*:
.&YN !MAT6NG6EQ

0[P9MWD
M60R// 39'8SQ *^N(SE+=UXJA7%TVRN2J.@8-QX$\,]AQ51(SNDKTCO@EDZ
M-\EB)]

TI%^*NOY]?GLO00)]]Q

M07M@]Z$(G7K_B1/IP4O('5 ] 1Z1W\ 9QS!3&;Y
J;\0WH 










M0^F(+;9IF

8SF



^S%
M? ^O$0#NK::8$E
/[Q-O:26A0_DV3A[YK4DYN'(J\(\%_K' /RZUF@++^ DP
MXP7S[/#XQ\?\:H%_+//!?ZQP#_N2+1?X!^+.1]WM4_[:&[-#)OKL@7?WHEN
MPUB!81NRXG0D17?3-9JFK!YYS,=0-5G9/-E)B.)]L(5ZUEW1B7/_TGG+UO3

MSKS=XRB:*ING0F2F9LKFJ=0)F:8A._K!R@&.(!5%9!Z*4Q&G(DYEK5
1%MMI


$[RZ'0:I'\8I3.P+
MO.HBC/WO?X.'I;\6#WSR'O&!]./D.H,OK](T]R*?#.(T2R4?5@/?2:3W]^2





MGF);4_S4

%UZ&^F
- ]H9
@

MLF000\!-D=%1^%N


MYE-3W]?[%)*0!%!$T;4N;:ZSK5A3E:$4%PA[Q:N&2B2] [R&SA'4WBWPS3F
MZB$\ Q2DNBJ0AI?1ZUC3K%:0ZAG['XWB :+K5%Q^Q0G64CKPO^ R9 Y9;&X

P!&99/5A-$73
M7CZ0NOX4YM^+NGCEC^+J3 .QIIR9ZOZ6EEXQ&ET AN/!7H+Q
J-\*06EBZK.
MM&56*F7$FZ;

M(LD;HP

)

1
M1C[?75+1


];'^=




0[M/$*E:[T

MP.5H
R['!U@T!\;ZR+!\(1Y'X5QD! _Q\E+V
='B@Z0Q9+7H20W7R I?AY

-+
MZ9Z!UM]X(2+(Z[W/[TH]Y)'29-IN3_BA+]!Z*=))R!05!ZOI\@A&_M30*
MIZND+@!X5@/P6



MC(C0%H95







M1N[V+3$W2

MNYW=@=;ZB23X



M0;



MG)


U9US?3?*8'O6
M:()@VSQXTXDUZL;F-EDWCE%79-
X;KM

MJCC'?7S';3V?69OK45U8WZ[.[T3P!07&Z2O?Y[:LM\US$V?1GKF)LVC/W
19
MM&=NXBS:

M/#U'=H\\4N^V/$%IXX/3G:



31OU^MK Z-D#S=2'HY&I
M:)8 VNX:T'::3Q'5_D_8V970UHB

'#X3&W:.G[1F9NT=+W
MC]$L7$1/NH@^%$K;WKU!!_N=F/




]52G+W%V
M *UITQY(LFD=#I)^?ZNT5/K?D:_2M&W9TG:B^YZ(AJ0#9QW'^4U(6LCV7W=R
MG9+&XES$N;3\7%KN=-J+A7^HWXDYB[2



MLCLO8VU=4PE.CH+/!FF:8Y-7*9ZPYZ68'DHJPQ SDM 3QN_IE[*4$'3]^QD9
M\Y]C_2%#_,HR%(8X*Q:PNWS]=?T^KOX6_OSAN;)7$?((P6HK]0RN*Y%35V


M23TJ2-#4VUOWV]'KZ5QL0/8#.!7??T!5:F#VQ'55VUIUP
^\#*7*WGJ@.C



M
G-O Q0E]GAN.LX3.SWO? IHJ61SFB+57)RX?_U[3A4WR9)C:R7E F8ZMBP6



G\@



F0KW64%5CD7P

N5X\O5]TIW

\S.!*E(?_2@WH73S2(S.=T0((KW

M;/9&1LO#!?Y#@I0B^J8^@(
%$X\P
J&M=Y0NT;^5FRC5D!5@=TPGXGF#NY8/

4Z

MY',,PYA6N9N(4Q+?7D(TSIT!'/SJ\U7%#Q]N6'X(MWM)%%J@*P!*N]10^[




1N)VL1QF^,5V!S<W\1U,ZZ;G4F @;-[SNZYB^G5,/Q##BW9
M1Y'N2@5P'N3$C:<?$NO%_$DF9/KX'M9.CPD

M2!^/305G)JCRFY]-RYM)41L!.$YXVVZ*;YYF=-T6UC^;C7;G]3V;L79'=^
ME'R[*O!J(G*: 2Z1I1D6#%[H/)VWU,4795M::SJ0R!J?239UE5+
6P#563





M1A%?#[VOEZ$3YP
V99R; GS//3$%SE +^! &-V$4YB$L7L13DJ)(##KG49)
M@]N4T$Y\&Z1AO
@#:


QLEJ28();E:4&5#\SJ6:0)L+@LZQWK


V$6QOC!


E+V#XML5









/]$

<W<*)DW4*L!SO#S;*^\)RY
L_]7E+D4C*3%BQ
MR\%6]1:I5_J#9#OQ)G!!M)3; -XI31!C5!= 7;+ZDV 5)9\A(L LTX+ Z
MEA9Z_MUZKGJJICA8B*Y;(F;Y$%

M$Q7X!(^OU6Y#;/UB4);3ZL\@5KNVQ(]X+7 HP!BR/;'3R+@7 5SL
H2&N$
/.[!# T2+YR1C\4MNV+NRHN:C$$JZP_*40184F;/ $70SW!V@9<$VPRUT*
MW4R8 CLI@&8H(_B8P#W5Q




MF-+ 6]44-56&A4IQ


Z]-1T5%]E\EYO[N1%T:BRU#+Y2=BX9-=4V*_7ZQ?PF6P-^Q5;:
MUMHJ=\@*:H:T6=Z4W.0




J
CHYDIEE[IB




M&MNYH'.CZ3R9
77W7\:7Z(7$XT[)'=@C]$O8(?9#DJU


M

M73R.^C?

6_\%G9Q;S\Z
ME8[[<#IL_ZFBZO1DT-CV5OP.()Z-QKXM]C11LTXT&^IH,J&PE7T[5D];R;'

MTAX^[H1U




K%P]V)5#
7\@MEN=$B$.YENT?'VGRD\Q




B!6JFK/W_%4&*^


'80NEOV$'SA:&X^;G





[
MSQI=\LMSRZX[(/(F$5QGXD7OO93/_%SXN73\7 Z4N+-%OD@KT02^A3DI)
Z7
MOO\)U
G)P_X33%QK9&B:[4J&!?_1%4.3;%
=XT\C_(+NT2R;
L%D44&+X=[X





12-KL(X!@)O@Z1BFO@3*='4#R)9R&$9:;_+3!U!\F0PC(!


MY31



MU[&EX5Q)%VW+-D::H8S=GA*9$]2(DM2;RZ$\X^,,E;TGE$1AQ(AZ)RTA[^




M'4+N =^&^

MW:F-DWVZ1
YS?C7/(=UC4B&3ABV95%6FG55BI?D

.TCBE
R#JLFCJ/9FCN26(MJBJ?'QF

7;NX('@K?SG+9?\Z(S;.:AO

M-Q1#LCWX2='LH:F


[)+2<,6P4D59J46M(S*/5,',(5L I,<)M.8^ )M?0,.08]!AX$UP9
M'(ET3X1/41 /A,\KJ\ SWQ6N4Q23&/1\ [!'NZQRI,6"_ ]XE4D**U2
M2.<9<@4


G'+'#7\U?S:/AW8X$\R#X:P1=
MWR_H_&[N
2#

MG/#TP=R3]I[GJ&A@P*Y(FF%AY::!UF@BDWO%XFHEBB9N\DU#M%5!45C*NM
S2GJCJ@I_KRWOM\!LN!
MR?ADW^/TP^F'TT]G]W8^]




C=7LKO/J-EUUUFM0Y=CEV



RO:IBGJ

MG((X!77'WOL;'?39^N F%291D&7_^\9=+(UEM.
&@5WQ(I)M^B
9OV-03
M^G@Y3[F:*KW+1.CV9.EB?D/2R]G5YY)HE'(UL@NXG_?A9
[+YDO@OCAJH -

MIAVC0LE+0&FAX#




MF:X#0'N^[\E(Y8KZYF?5




M3%U7Y-.-XGYBN_OY_/6


MR4E\=@[.AKR=5KJ/&T\_DRC(R90F^JQ/8]Q;*L_(]1S9UQW)E55+TF4;?E)'
MKB0KAN(

M&&/64%K CZTW\90AGC)T?BE#IKU;RIM;9$RI/\G7VI4$=(


?7N;J4
T






M=U6SMY6449Z@R1

X?I=__/O@J$.U);F_52NZX_A^T#N21K<D@;$






MEK%V!
@]L%T!_ CW/B83;


T%((2

M(%RRMP/)-&AR_I$)9#9#P@-(IWAZL+-_%5$[0U4682D4-4O$B&TMT5\-+XV!
M'

\!#

0
A3X




S 3X9MCDQ-I-5K4*H!&48Q$6YD
M2OA;#7 F;OKZ//B=T+V7Z&QVC/8;RX8K

$].L(Z*!!POH3K#@+
M.A7#F&(6

W*A011$#5
0
M&;XI-+A*D$8A8B&E.E;Y#;3PX



MZ2_/P=W3F

M4I3103RA5E C+5;U+.3EI85'P:8F%4

MTPVO*]W\3&X)\P3
33!\F

9)'U
U1X
611A=D?Y2'V(81E%1SS'P

M_#W

M+



#Z6N(^66XD=
M_5@Z7\3
+OMA-'XE%A\+E9.
NEG3AH_5
G
Y8+T4B!W]X_TS OEM(T%#57YG
M(P'-^]



J(Y2M!BP*
MRX9.@; %7


MT70N/\-$Z[B]0/E5E@9#?ROO;D!KBE@4D*:WW]0FZJS.ZTK);0+G D8G^W:3



?

M


^TCBZ*$2
M5LBX:(+NM




%OEUS6U[\N.8%]LEV6VVJ=
M2(D)((PF#Y?6D$2M+!

)=%[

6GTXGA

RN
MVR-GQYQ0O
=5]BM6-4[HQ4




MC:9?+^4!S
IR+5K]QD1Z54N$UV@@_!.O#ZRH-Y+[AMRBT9JL$5?T8J\36&Z3
M9\



ME81:\N
51LP8$'7U@$'&?L9J\AKMB6/# 5KVB;9V7I%I-=I7\&:;@D_ZH(
M=)NV&I@ !BO-2

M#4'/%4C^B!:!EW+N
=^HBLRPN02AA@5J[C3T&\8T5%S6A#(ABYI^;3(\6JW4






N
M?X

2)B1
3)R8^VG2_ QIK2OA2.O#;3KO5F_!X
(;*0%;.0&CU7D3]1IU@O9-0[Q11550P


MZ0&M71N[?LDF[E:SQS?

QWX/







M4Y1U&5X9!66(IHH!51B1;K.;'F]((6[=$OF!%U%ZY_=%$&JP@=%/4IO9?C
M/XHP?Q N8G0OX-E]BH)X0-E F



M282B*!.;+0*[' CO&N1X_Z!/-!^
_O&^!=RNN-5U9R!0M%3LGNZSA:02M:!Z
M418
G#M8A(H4BE+PYL94?&P$94!7@V4]@
E2G H]FK =N DE(7 !II;S*#
M#V/JL*9[N





C(E


RRU.:.)*Y2FC?![X5ZF9

K[)


']*1[VX

Y5:3KVQDRFK\47923/(\;]&?9



N8]IE!C!/F\9L3XJ2=7FY/$7Z




6N
[=\0ENFPKG2GRCRH

MG/CP4U4Z5CX_93U)V-M;&UG=Y%
9 VQ;366C4&152&D8!9/?I:O)71(!+/-D

8H)ZBV'M'
MVSD(
IS:7]%B4 ::^=?WO:


M[L(L3[  *JY 2Z@/5D!?+W:F*BN@9@4BMGGNAMP%]V&2

[22H

MEE.C=1:LJP6L 2\I9M@


H]H16_WYL!UG4Y8
P



MQ*U^J1N&;-/Z518!J?NP8LGR6\46544MB[K#K%7IG.!DUF9E6*3NQ?IMM9-H



M5O/_Q#L=]YX9\'K^S?7\CKKCT.0GNA8_LIVJ9TY7SW_P'LN=A/K@K^9=#(XY


G&E\#E*
MH? :=$'=.4@$;

M-MUW^OSJ0Y_) F@%IU_2NHL\R8-H^;B?
](3UI#RX#M]_9IQGE7B'6ZE(.+2



N%;4D13X2ZXIS5L)+PG^-L4$!FM

M&#/#@3
+GZ(@YG2Q3!=VU\H#HS)A'G\(\8?Q?!$E#X0(0Q*369@SPRRL'3/U

M
46LTF@5B0(N@_I7.G?_I+YN45M1_
M;XK&'1:C^MNPL4=80EP@GF@]]5M==!1'Q']-F:FM\*
.(

M.0N


MHIG4?.
6/EU0SPL2!9(85='6D2=3Y)@N6B\5+MF4:FP0*V^)UJA-$#//U6



M.U^OKD=?-5/_BK KJJ9\E=\ .PC94V&6Z*IB??UR-7HC3
D$4!IE__M&TMX(


+OEF+#[R#O'<MLX6\!G*V-N
=X
[RQ9UJF


M5#%MU32[2@


:ZKXJV4-+'9F&H\N^PQ0LN%FH6BP+ER.AK*7'


.U@O8-T7
;K=T R7'EJ
M7:BFLIU8\2U;&8TL4Y(M='2._*%DC]2A-+)45_7'_D@S+894F;*4)=)_'GS+


0?X/1U=!53=,W)R%*= K







MX'S5(Y[OW%YK-F3H(]^@!_+



*P[MJ=JAJPWE4&JHNK6/N*TK\AX//2Y *MT;$,_BA;[BNS'XS)$
M=)4.K*.<X6LQ'P]][]#[J5FR?@+W9ZM0<NM7,C)XW5JF@UJFH90EE%UY1%/
MN#%C^B3UJ




Q'4TK?[?+WVV-
M-O;3E_J9/*

SQ[9%N-X8M)LFTN_ES(


MQT+:']DG)'/C*5TQRPKL*$_;*.\!::KF6.I62J=ARN9H;-B2[GN@NUN6(@WU
MD2TYFN




#K3$Z6.XR]8F!:!L






74/':9M



Y

+6-L








M!A[:$QWJ68'X-Y)APF_ID0TF.TDF^!:53(IMR3_
SQUYKC66=4720.Y(NJ
/

MCD

R*Z$
XVQOL:/K(LL;&ALO&




M_JZ9^M3'QMQ&2 C-^

2Q&;A#//





E 7;/)/1OYKC% =.A2YA+F?EQ6W^(B





M_WN6*8ZJHPX?RP:E8

8L:3;0H:!8;N^#)D\&F#O
MX_8;
UK





L)SZY$Q/XF-]%+%?











M*9C$)^)Q'=L
M4Q^6*%?5=GY Y1Q





M@][8FTWEEOJ_8@HIO%8U@SAWK $
AB(PV7M 8)J(5 \9R-4_H [&GON0EP!2
MOFHC!XJWJJ/AXZ



M3_P!
; M]SN&.#5L%P\



O
(:4
X-1 @E

MID




M@*]IYWH/GL]@.'0#+@\TBZBK2\]P?!AV'02!-0@XX=3-G6S#7'6[*DK31/-Q
Q 7JBKFVS1I^[N938PQL^I;
M%KYTI=6ZY5AO_IN?4UCN#E!E+$JR_HPL:N=

MH/D953JN*EZ)[_'N1C
WG6ZIJA1@2[7)
M3F^M@GB[-'2;FF'XT4$-=]XY
?DZ;KVK[4KNK

MDK:]@BIJ GHHI!K


MS:]6 \Q5Z!6 9^!!\=(@R+N5*%H.H53['Q$]/4_%V'V3^^:3^#I[^2X/V\=Y
M;T3. '0SFV;3






MRA[#[N;PDT=;%;N+;



MS
@[8.[IL%Z.?.MMGXM3,)#\RGT5638:UZBC@*;,,#,Y)\+OI&6Q2N[5L]


)U^_



MN( WLJ'LHSD-J.4!PX0H*\T'V2E_G:43)U8 9!L=QRS5&^TNKFC%!+!EFPYM


_=HHWC8?^R=P,+MO)A$Z:7^CR8E,C5;:(\$<4TZ53SX$4
M)9*FT1)X&[14FAVRJ,3;_$V.K(\O:Q9^=FR&U5Q?9EL'Q<'!,'')AD:P0J
M,)'E&;:-/,-RX#K*M4@0#)<71FN%Q-4$;K.51G)-!%D2PA!
.^7F!92T^.Q

M@



M)T[^K\65AX*1U9Y3!XZ(NB(K3V#\9Y=+=3T^OBU%%0 1%RX1$/V95]^PYL
M25?UFTLE!W9A+G(%UN^_GERI+2EQ:7#KPS?JT&(3DWM 6?(I)]^^V6'*J33)




:^MK4#902X7+VNJJ !YD/





OVQ\(Z2
YJT^A]^2%ORN?
_CD+)]$C\
ZXV1]B





.WGJ!K8=8+C%\/ @,-C0=PZ4!,SCRI:]

R










\9BMF7;%0H:-3AC&M4%WT

M;(R/]^SZ7]%7(8%0GO!8




3!;AT/!?QO5)(U+ [L2+E==-%Y-TKA8$ _;)M(N'EZ3O+8\



?G_[A^W4
C/];#*NNR!H+%6W













MOH
G

.;

NVK3.V



M$OX[21=_I;AGK;QP_R/I(P3]UAMVY/JR^O5V=NOM)JX_P]^OMZ/7&[*X9?7G
MV_FMM_OG5/0KKK45UUWBWZ;48\*E/[:60Q[G97(VD37E.6@K3ER_/?!DDJ


MY7633UQ:[C+\.P0
M[7FV#ZL'UI^






M$+I?$VB&?A73CXSDI4)+3

U36-\

MAFGH(

MVC



ES@HP)C
A

ML4
$VU9'
S3FFT9C[Z;MI;&<YFGAF4AEI=E
MZUKPN:#B<4?2!\RB4DDV=$=DSU%Z<4?&!W!F)X'SQ'0J4B_\2T9_%XR=IAU*
MGV/G3B:1&-^]BE$43J;OBJ'N*AY=&HRF9:N#ESJ.IAF]((K#&$ZBH$/$MY=

M3!XERK


$17!K!A

MMZ_)5&3^3



DOI*VD7X/X[]N'A^%-']X[OK*N_G6F_I&

AGTS!K/N-6V\C[S?N3AEY

MNI9^SQ)=GVUUSF5IV+9ZSV27I73&
SF!I5RR Y);RAE;QKGB1AUD:9H1KH:;

M123_
 @U_B*FS\GXP@VHN\Y@@P;4.X2[K*5S#F'+UG+13J&REC.WCK/#3GH0
MZ&?^OTZ):4#36]6*3 -J_'GAF;J6?1!&*7@:PGM?_O
/*5*8CI[?X7YU4BHF


MTW8&2?J:2.L17Y/X0D'$;$Y.SVQG_K.==R[;%FP06&X..=
 I9UQD:'5*E6@
M?XNRO[QW3WH0SR]A^E?I@AZFB7Z3D4\\$U_%+NB/^0(;. KE.92\B'3MX;J^
A6
M[C-L2!V8 *GS?$:N(&6[(87'2+N04LODFA9_5(9T&@)7XC!



MD


M\MK%HLNPH^FU_T'H?DW@

M(VK






M


ZQQ Y

M-[;ZC-;6CIAN3(X\FI=CPY#7L9:\8FC8OUQM:8L7T)Y:YW!_8V_2.9P$#
MAC


*O3G+QTYG;9VMV=;6VDY0













WZKMK)7#N2[R/MIH+L)*N


M:L)

M4+



!WL.+Q

MSN M-X^K#]1^V7Q9Y*.-6Z)6
B.
2#]


@AEEXR
P
Y!FG2MI%%YEE_!R/RDU 9S=N:)EA@*RJU

'IO21




M?]*#_



O*[PW^[_'Z=I[9]/T
M[_!A?=?26]Q[?W*B.&5A\P;WO=_!GS%RM\C!_E9^GFSUF\6N&#%DG(S1^T

MOD\\CRS0/QWB$89#@I[P6^ 'LP4:.E




MY:GQ9SP0C+YI)@.S\?3G&C8?0&%YY0P1B0F@*YWFJ/RA8VB67$KN$[A@J/




LDE;#87
$EG]\:T8
M?6?DW L)\X4B+T39:B*_:NTF,5@9\)**3VT=#G@4=AY'2S!QP%8]2?PZA.




?)$WL(+


M7P7UMYS

*TBW/2


M:\#@&C-?#

CV5GQ+ZY-]
M?U9C&N_7@6:[4?S)#QN,YD]96J!AN@(K1_6C=\FG;@*YY=#O)QGN\$ \)BA
M!1R&OU / T?O%)/.^+N-!Z^!A77X6Z!AN L+8L
8U
MP+*!:BS0,1R5MGCS#CP[SRO!91:+

MU./3.\,O?U@Y3KKRXJ\+8WW)-&X')G]V\2T%H#FNPMZ##\%!66[M /.-


0-AX6
M
#0
BNR
OXOHR!HPJ

ED# +486C!0+WRR0\/.(N9JX*$F

M%':[4^YYBU^1$-
NW75UB\?A1F+E5Q;65 D$Z[RX*(@KK)RE%0'EHV!I3B3
M:25PU&U@

MS
DCHPXI
^XJ$HMYRV
;M1!I&/QCQDAR[DR\(1
_D#!G
G[NB0DY;!L\!2H0
M1=(QXI[[KI;51#R+9LF=-=NNQ *C@CC(E3?8D\E#A*I4%A@)0\*!%(^J(U
MD5 L4P? =@PX,J=G=9H@:;AV=P)-//W_G1070^JZ9)&\S8\L@ N]\-%?JY2
M%-9F9@&8X2E=!IBV2-*]):).)O-[:MT4Z@M=&]#[!&(TQ
?51S-D J.6O$K

MJBS_;;1 L@*4KZ$S?6W3KSP4IGG25A7YE8;3:Q[2&:P+GSD91]X=?3'[B*W4

PD\=1U@&P/($L=Q;NJU@)5PUN\0ZAV/N/M0;?2F%J;
MW@(FPS-L!5



MHA\7'4!A4I&^_S0EEX'/ X^Z





M*23N)*(=*LY*&G&VP*CB-?'Y:.!


M.-J0L:EJ+%@RO+-%6
KY]Y4T:!!G:HCE08E * *)D!#I
)-)G\P _PZ&:\-0


=



MBF*B GX?N
0XW;K5NDKAUSLQM@;6@I^..B0%0U(R&2DE93N
A4-2N@Z8K0)F

&ZJV79T%

M]'O4C?/LK0NXYA5;0&ELM30&92Z$

-PIO#Q#5FOGB].)QU%BLP

=&$A043QH9'P@:]@UJ^@\4B4OS4MBUZ)^KZ3B\X-TITV*B[L%0Y










M#(@^^+
;S##U;T





M^9LQKOM;Q$/I/7@*
C?AH[R']1+/J?1_



9

!YUH;YPZ(R#[VB;R%%U[@?-45JTF84SI
?F_X\FU'
M\7OL1V








58J!G'O\$.6?9^U2=MK=X#


ZS 
8
MA4MIJLV)=J6JNI :TL7T&9VDLVRQ,%G=_]:B:ELG;%P$+L;+@+G$O?7[#C7O
M#D]\M[R@ 1KPV(L1V=O8;/\6[1$SO97!
X(UV^7E4SVP3E023]/7D1:MU42
MJC]*



6SAK69-2ZB00%RXRBD+AZ1B1 KJ-.V\GT5;!N
M@=7J$+88I
=




D2X*EM-\HVWWHR&\HX^$=)7Z2(O?TI'=JH**T5)MP423HQTKJ





.^-8^8?/?'


&BI+VA$_L=K&.W&PD7CYLDSV8=&NA?O*AF&
MHM




FOR
M:9M/YB&KJ,_/H=C.00N=\K%O.J*VTKJ,*!^2:$-9M1;EMT;P5_R*%\-0


M_F356Y5_W$H-P-67H A.7/6C

=?89T?


$C)LZT7
M;5
RNQ(IGO5J^C:DWXLUA7DP2ELFG7


[]A@=P@2!(8

#]OE^HT^] =/[)D6U3=QG89O! ?Y_Q$JXOL1[^3BA_O]/3]HM&UO-A^


M4

S7

!U_DL^\$'ER-(


+@6]+


M:W_;E&!2J9%=[]&RWM97^?J-
(=R=?

:$


Z&SNT3$E[CT)IX%K^B%6%&B5ZR$[/I._*R
)2U5)



#$V
3(S



MGW__NQ__[?1TLEA












M3^29FI%L[T 1-TQY\F(?P:*)B;L&A65.L-M3/G;K0CE'7U!4Z9&?LKT.^0]
MAE-*441Y/8(\D-UWV'G&/C0!Q2@%A:CGSJZ:*--1J^[R)D(XLAXBH#87S?$6
M&N'ZM3\GX0U;T+F2I$B=._\&+/JP?%A# (//B9JT0

MQ8%OQ+38KPIZ#G^CPQGOUIU23A7MD7+='&D

M9HNL&(G+D#*J8(G&&V;!!=5B$Y((_XN3
UONU4RTD*&8**3



[(LHIN3-8&9


MA5(WCLN

])S(V[3\'6P1ZH*H@@

R?PW
MM2B-29]J+*_0DC'IP=?I35'EAD@)/FU]JN%9B6;;VK[J\8
].#T=!*N[D-(O


M



O5I
M;)IT8

ZLJ


R_9;Z(-PXF[(PU6
L[)JE:UNG#$S.I\/*SK3H?_?$)TCP?#\G4
M
6?-T&@%EV@&4H4H';OM_Z]UF
MY:@9TT\K_T2GSV$<Y6H/+;U[5NZK-@H1&E$IF=A*);G=*70I@M<AOS]*A1F



M



/\X((#

^P2/:IF6A@ Z BCW:EODX!0
QMZ4* :E%)TDOWP

-7.D%PVJ@:D--0(4_HR\%3\[\^M&?!158Q M)@.E9CZ-0)%Z



?0M\34ETMI8/2
MGPA[F$K)8X$5)9+Z* P&4[V?O:&A)M$=8EAKA;I42X0(ARJ-[K;Q%Q0O;B
MPR&[6UBW]$L(OP81+&6?/\+



2JNU(V/0_V=

3
M5QYUE/W-_MH2'!(X''\^^7 RB2E0'&Z3E[]6L3QX4RQ ^F][0*HY=)5!J9=1
M.:?OS]\


MZW L2-T_YLZ.65HN8])P^R HK


M9;HZ
%5?;11Y?P7+.)O_A+IG(?#JA/MXL(Z


_HP5)/





MS

!O4%4K^

8J#\PTP C(C0)3.EFR?
M$_H!M1;7\BP&MB?V1'P6L AILV7% R9W?Q& *UE94WSFRL*[#1(YGZC:B1X.
M\Z%Z&A&PV:\M\[AN?RHB7U]3%&4F9&&6O6#87R]V3Y2)IWQ'*7(VUL5X$; \

W#6[WENV


#3\[EGM)!(=



MCI=6!F
9'R?1U8&5 5M4









NV6YX/]70?%!LE_


7RT!W8M
V
M-(


M-5AE;!X5B!JQ-M#JJU?9$%[@E)QF145^P='ZFD9XPVQC3Q0M8_\.OV@S7Q0I
M2(HWC_#91WR651\_=KTV'ZUY37$4ZZEI=$-MKF04'^)K^L8J6H^9
LSLO0EO
M'$2K]J:^((RWRJT^?0OY
O807KJRXF:BTA52L=&P-XUL!(M!KCY^W*N9^GN\


5E08D?=2N0Y=AIZ\(
57*VY\/-11.EW ^^5_D


!#%PA@E^@EQ=4\NVD$8GY&WQC#^S-9!


MJ



OB#@KM&!4
M&N%0V\+-O?

MSK9J6O8$'*,H@S35,#E6,.*AU\.[6]FC%QP7:.#@ RH9PV=(5AG?9U K
M$K]U@EMI8QD



.DK)77

M XR-Y+B5G


5^_F
M]+Y5ZCU=*UX@;1N*E=K_.-C(G,K3P$MJ[_RQJT'FE:J_QTPZ2^K/0O&BIQ
M:T1.F^9GY6EJ3)RZZ5S#O/8


XKYTW\7':-@@5R:U:MK9!

Y
WBUE7*#'O):!6


+;II4X_AH=I5 &71A5*'*\F13YU6

\

ARC





M2;1D.
F33P-ETLC8-*)_EN
MY;W2.#@=W'M;9
=MMA

)I=2G[HLTB

OQE=E?5;DPE?







M&OM

M*4VH-(' 8V@J?_Q-X4$B!8V:[/UPQW* IU37O#YH*I$T^:+SXPV(U85GJH




X2%[EG)28F'*'KL_49#KH*)?^* I03'H@-Z''O+?
M.G]SA[G^K%&$6= K.YG=$Y1/ 8XXTU=\M[Z&77\)K

MYFS_;V.E9/&)3I_#.
KW)0I'.1Q *YC1S+1#?N1Z
XR4/!Q*)?F!*X2#)(QI


M@R:#B ^HTMAGCK5.#-


.V_YG9.4$^%^\7W87'?K8RSA(O<P3V]:R
MIG+IUAA(O( =[JN)/#[@587V&797Y.A@$&9 Z?
 OD&*
^^

MK@CB7QL-^D5


T)(UT$2O
MN2@?IEED92V!/)G6L^4=' S0FR':W
F2O0O+L,L07S_67-ZHV7=+MN'#W,G
M4RE P;+PX6UY67T^ SCR-R1RM\#V:+\-!)L+LZE]TB[\ELE2\13Z2D2G_UV



M$*#QD)KSUU\5 !(/UA


G;U]NQ_MMX*NG\]^^N[#Q^]^
MJOVRB++0^_GLA]J?+F+DY -[F**?SSY\__XO;[__^/;[OSZ^_^GG#Q]^_O'#
M_ZNWCK:[V%^MT[/_Z?XOW/C[']_B'A_/%M\MOJNQ^#_.'J(PP:TW6R?<G<V

D*Y1ZKM.H)^U
MAS7^_CH*/'R&7OV9X74\[TY'B\FAQG^84)7AS%:CF93[71M#-[X23KZR!Z

M6&&YCWVWX_FH-D3O'-VAM#%B@K59HM\A[S&:)0E*D[Q?C#Q\=M_ZSI
?X$_@

HGFZR:B8LH(53A+9IM
MLH!(?;:)XM3_9T[.?-GJ66@AI\JD1\JLD)]657(H

-VA]!8]XPVS


DIZV?R=*^I9/H:]]=O#_YM#O?/D8


M8O
B#US#5L5O3I 5D1]!$+T0OJZC^&B-]2*(+G3HC$1)(_=K
R:IEZ@3R6$T

M_;A&YP'6]G$S3%7R.?+0R?ZX7FFS1(9:'9S#$6K


M8

ME5DP!YV












:%S3T#@/*'@ES?=OO$.@
LR*YLX



K$N(=$5
MIGHU@:))^90UWW

M+!-]._P.05UQ3%_LGR/CHD3TMA!4XZ

M]2M:3L

DWVX!028(72!E

)32

P;XLB^.+]H)HM ;1O(IOE:0MX^F%LB;VA@$*L_MU7F6)B0\

M

MX_AJOY5)5*U/
=M(ZO@QX_BFI_IV89KQI3[W7WZ6GG9P


YQ3DHH\
O^!QI
Y?C75Z2O
G

M5UR;&XFB@6M)]:*2AKD!*_U)X\C

H(*S.U?1ETP@$HN
M_S9&N9QJ65?B
5=+[&G9L$W7@U ^F*M.]KJ7!%(Q5^O4M9
D+
I*'.;JIT.(

4JL=+OJU

^0#/LH$3CN2!#XE&$HH
M[ 52B90QZU4LK!4E%O]#&$ WE.\,@2A&F!2N/) J:$HE;,F6O-RS&GKF
MYSQK3!T5'&A698ON2X0F-WB-$FP;JAY:5882*\]^


O-
M[[$[9X/_6:.1.S\2'4?&CW)A
=JU'0VQI ]2



M798VI$?X(=ML
.^8*7\5YF'=87JL=DU.8L.=Q!4M#R0DA@3B?]EZ6%G[7_\
M_J.HZ+-$7^BPM=1C&W6FLACO)PSO
8W@J)N:M^ X?(9Q:F?8(JNOI&P9G:Q

MI1=.')

)%[Y$T$G&#[P=@K3N

5F[




@L![J;J-P]8CB#7FA36@;
!IK

M,J HX.L]BA$N\_8@D#I=19ZB9RY*^H%\LQ*C@(W%B)7?V2WMYIZ74'K=QG9
MP:TAZ]DB-MKI:@&CQ_&X5%$;:^%HGMGEZ?015?X\$];L5NSI#HSB@RT!^?Y
M^*V.$SX$_%C-'4HON*H%O2T



?-^JR9D[S




[()
M;'AWM2.7M9A[&]Z$[
/&7C;ELR@/^PE1CDQ:@25NJE'5MZOCJX4E
MWJ6\P

M^5E)7J)ZV



M

MP=67FL$\7-47/













MM]AUU4AOS6V2'QRNA



S!72,O
M(^ XQ3A,SNO*#BWZL?-GX#!F:9RK*MO+ATU-KH+5G6FA-@I?LZ /MF4@7?B<
MYGXG7&PLP2?'2KG*!!PHRBS6%[@#K2C6#05R+B9P*5ZZ(\P<JVK\-2T49/C
MU+I*@(NXF1RDUI5AMM/1Y/@T56Y9L !X0%I?/#;A!_@HGY[8I.%-X''5?3$K


M$0;P-=ES$ )_VHC\I?OS 0W R56@Y0_MLZSA,, O$2X94W!22]8=;)@+OP






@NW[&VP*[/,@Z XO
MO,E36,T45F.,2TZLC=D4FM!!S90,.RIU YL&$X4QJF*K$WA#\.)ZKT!D1%V



*QA CNRQ+9+J

















#/XH[3 X@#_



J6O_&_D7GP-.!PCZ2?S5
MS68;1\\2A7@9C:'H%M(*6C#:76-[
][53P-!^6AVCZGDM=TEKYGWP_GN$8_-

DH/O*W_M2X(%U

(H_0AG7-2W3TRB.

91&H+2R_7R-QM!
MT/D;6ONN*$ZOU0@4BU=0=.K0E=0);P


M70=7P$\DC0R?4%#?R!@;3GHS)+V?HLA[\0
2/Y@'TU4U_&O5[4@ *8$=*F2B
MCD#

@@$L9/]G[F! M_M1:$-+!:@\3#\!ZGHE//Z0$2#
N


*1@U'.7CO4
M36!8'B-T-
H+1AX -3F:0RN_3 @?/JQC( DT0TH-#


M4FD4)O%*=;779S/Y-R;_QN3?F/P;DW]C\F]

M  M#[77[T@5(&5XW1=YUEB=YUC%LDOT=1?.'&\\\-54?



H_C9EZ$V1;DX3-^S!YH=.MA@16O
M;'J768S7U#WAY GH)?:!9*'110$UU'\XL0BTNLM-3T\E3I^(%R6M&8PCQ3E




?SWS G\)<%<+IQD
M?1U$+[\B;R5P4&KY-(1^74U=;<;V])_O'WY2T\5HG^^8SSJ=+ZC?6SA)U]Y



M+Q^Q3I??R!XI$XD-?7)W-*[J]PP^.GP()';

MCS5IO$=%9HOR3I8H!PX*F\(CP:N[1^0UCT) 6




M'S&4JSX!TIJ?#4ZU[NNOB^%A@S].QXYD DKP3KL^!4#34\']'9)NRF/\[%C#



MG_C1*5Y


XMCM2\=ZFD'&M]QI&:'=.M


@ERAQ8S\G2WS@\3K#SQL_A^JX)3S%7T*G

F]X
@C$8A^6BI?Y%'4G.+R@N3%P*I] R0)R8F#W6'I





:&/I_3J6XHG.O.3-?DC[P85]X/G1D83X/704WR;
MZ$Q12/3MR$7(*\,8JK'R)\%1@UNZ<YZ:(TK_8&

M'5'[-=VN7]%-/;%:K_[
G. QJM
P6ZUBM

U;)

MY

&.E#;I


M



[$@++SQP


1(-O5CP=./LOUM3\33(^\#






XHQ[POB=TT@\/!S/'NDY SW-:56(WBTS38
W)0'


M2D/+Z*VO8?M 60
\MDO-\<U7IQLIFBPC\J))3M$YGU0@/
MN.3$LJP-UJUCV61V8\^




@J





\\SR]VYTVXC.)-/BE:0H^.I$ F'A\5

HS(_\U$&L:
MKY4D]=V\B$.\X^

RRK$X)5&I)*@
MY4T6O@PX!JHMA2G4+!WY)6&9C=O&+K8#X:XKI'&WD_O'YPW

3XA[\\



 T1! 0% .=R+


Q'M+(_;J. BS[Y.K/C%Q;
MI^=DZ

M\WW!+%)6FP;T

)D!Y/*7@F*0V+KF7KR=*X5/'D)C25;OZ-M


_BC-(2@MZR#17:RQ!M;




M3



E2%P'-8P
?#.E(BA 2*UU+\9I
M;% :% G0XB: ..MV/ZKR3


/H[[P#;K@F)';56'P;]9%Q17+9OROB(*I1/L

$




?3R-5MYC
R![2;PQE3PAJ3DK(J[








MJB =)2&O3X/7Y$IE$RXZMS08CIJU8U
MB-R5@EY86GI6Z$O8@REL]\.?/^

M\]%;6TNY\AM+LFOWGMQ2CY'BECKN]8H\
C5SVIP4[<#_MV!42,P;]45?GRGTA<UX[JS#JY3X9?.J60G2*C/QXS

MWM5F&T0[A

MG;/A%M&K-X&DD5\8K]D(UH)ZP%L&':_4VM

M$='
(EF$G6GXL%7RN



M3Y7B%19$WW9W4?B




M7KE0N*I[*:
?I\#@*3!XD

M5


M&HP
*^1GY#(=R=J4TI_[N&[ZH
_(^\B6].DI/?FUQ=B;EL'39XC'29B?EC!$







M@WF^&C-D!#F!'6V^#Q9?3@/E$4M6/;$W09;(L




2V5_0L^?I.:MEM7;]EGC_I'#'!6Y51B+5[%:=7J
SFO1N.\.L0=O)(W
M[9_$##RU&3B@'K

\=GZ+ OP94@)_@6UOW4M/




D0

TMIOV/#Y.SW=QW

?L@=)QS C+J2UJ\%5KAD3H@4JO
M_3%[EBHX/65/N=#!G[*?@ML
O)\



M(%KM9D])'B6J&XQ1&-EZB5Y]PW:YGZ![?
J[SN3-'*DW<WK.8GJ@=9B\JR/VK

M?IRR+8YZ

J?
M&^Q0$''$*'\.!=)/OGQSI5+;ZN#ESR=G@H%GC07.!*[]-0J/@J$RWN
'HP[X
M&4[&(A^[Q6$]0[K$Y

M.J&'K335L]TDRL:U'W[+EQF8/M
:?LRR-4^?4:7/\//E-[9V
N3(5DB)7!M+
MZN4V^/!6[7GC K-TKQ_Z?!% =I_K&9$_U6[

M%\0+CYIAE4QM1(U#MGU=
'W09^0-9'98YRN
6IPI0P-'^LSY.$DW&Z8@MU'
MNQXE.
KGQ!VT?\1/D1LP7RT(:Y1/&)L\7Q0@@=&\39R;U


M)=;TC'R*HT3[QN2

R;Y
M@UDN-X4L@*%''[%DV1'J@(18]4JTD
T%(B8[_OM%%.8:6^8$Y*VX#SR!#TR)

M#ITT0?TX42MYF_LREG7R/@'4KN9CA!4OI/RL/2W\XY(BX[V+AQ


5)(N63A:D2A)JJ]X2

'LGU;4@D
M=V^L
W3(DN$/)F]FH?ES6-Y2UJ9J92^S698SQN=Z5)7%M?0:68@,.6CNH4A
M'12-(+DH2P^E^I+Y\MH/\5=\XH(X%  TQB]QGB7X]$F2F?MGYB?%*B'_C!$?
M.Q/W@[O:52Q+6Q6:TC*+Z+-$UXOA!9\(R0^W@+Y?SSBBSY9DG7HW?K.DQ]@


MF#N4SI=$)8FR
]&MZWM:HUHZ8C]L;]
@J7/9X*+M

MRB?_P.0?L
4_H%DZY[O#/W_%]S[6E=:[6_2

'=.6


+Y+:?/+ROU

KQ!YM** 'Y


MWLP0#=T&+X7S\94+1^0(_\$$X7_*Z&H5-/&#GL$/R@D3.)!I*'+2GRG0!B






M[

M7E_P2






C6-%?7Z4]8.IS4


YA;3

MT@KER&RKA9*;T



M3T^[*2RK7JV5C=,?8'*8=PZQQI:*S_Y3J.KZEK%/V)E7J_X!1H^E$OAZ#S




I8




7SQ,]OK5;(7Q9WXEWKX45VR *W

M#-7EE8E78T;F'\O0C\JJ


MEA&[


KQI[!$[_E


M@)
/( ^FIFL#N#ZD?%HZL0V@_ #BJ:O/X
B]- K823F1%TIWN'MX-.4N2C'!
MT761].

R
SOX&KIV''*=&+#U#DYF*Q6
MB)Y'K:D2OH\CK



M??BM5I'


MWK^/.?W.9?H5+7\Q9K\L
W^Y]_:N_2N:9WYUX6
SI$\CFTKS*S).IJ?O3V;O


W'RB;
MV8?XP9_^Y_] _.%??P0D]\+K+'Y\^N&_/]\\6

M^)Z#[_$:


MK@/_ 5$@)S#^$6+7QG8L


X+#6TT7M@D_(RW3SAYF8G
WZY_]D

(A_
*%GW%<AI%T*
M05\Z












7R







XMYX07!%#7B) [)Q

M.V#]
P)'1L ' 2/$.:'S
/3)TSYD.27-&^]

MR_RP-VC5Q)SC+*TXWMS2&0JD:C1L/F




Y^7(<

MJ71JE*-26(Y*V14*)ME[7JHS*]L$)=*A2#S$Y4
9 94G=1I8G$4WME0'_],
MN'Q!PLK+%PK2O4'A79,A#O=UE,=*D,JU#LUSI=H82WZT8-=%IH(OQ ;VQ\/


M:




M3YXRQ:=YS0


M90/O
#Y1:1+'



MPK

M*J 1(FLX5C K;SSV OW[I[L'](ZXEL\N)]!QG!/X66ELZ1.2N1#4VQ=Z@Y'J
MIJW93E_DWTZ\NI'N3S





MW

N6?&]/$L8W&OF$WC#0%X'P$!








MU?GG$7H863WT:!M5[36Y1+2LL!KW#HB+@R S]K$??8R;E^!:WQL5!W2!3^






JKPWVIV7#L-^BI<+!O^2
+/U\J/ZM.

YFS3LFDO@/) C G*

@MJ
CF83&@&/;IGBM-EIJ'R@@N\#H2;(/')IAKC3JF@WVAID



M'DX'F3[5=L

M?/(O^M:.&F!B:\Q1M3;_0U4KP6]L/]6/
J*&6[RU@V0



M6775G*\# 06X:Y=*W!=7)\51

M+:7%.F!6W

V6RQZH9@

MU3
45$@J/J;-3XI7=
2BP@1EV**8K_8!XFA;Q;$B).X&MG[R=[S-$*U-XJ
7


8?\E/U!T#=WK

!
+I[$<Z-%#D22Y\P&Q

\XQO\GS:/[(_'$$;ZYA_$9#8+4V
B6D&C.[
!XC9YBV-#12@;:D H?H*W/@J

MG2W


MW]I]?
90?R@BBS3L?9.VO(3;D:Z5$(?O@?T$HU^\81]&'*9Y-J37^B_.DK

]7=I6X4UA
;@G+VU9%

MD4
78J10AI922!VGF%$







[C$ND:&B&WI3T60.K:SDT9LR

M(DL)BZ]:V,_ONR@V2FVX\*/706^@1O






M3%XYWNL7:@'ZX[7[@@/8


MI9X9HP
*7%T@VZ\!&&AS6B?6H&D



MV-S@RNI:-0^-CN2B!

BBBI_]:&+(:7+
M.'LPT*PTJ=E:3 WG:+?8N8SIU)HYG@SG_S2V.FNXV2B!\VF1MQDIL01(SB




M*9@##'1/@N_*$UUYCY=&M@;;+%1

2G51=;[4
W(J_;P:NZ4KKH(.EH1.G5V4(81]P%:^UV2%V)CUX:SC _0
M'?(26X[9T/A#Y-6QT=

EDUC;+9_O=HWU6C3AR)^HK6=600PDCCPXU



M

M772K0 YA9+1%3=[E&A&3

:N
M/IHC0V#\


V-)^[-H\)
%C+
M'









^
M_





M]S;4(P)V[L


@4@P!7:VK3W1H*?+4\(IRG$O62IJ?+(T6
*LN ]67ED9G+=7B

F^
GXGUC%Y-=C_<\VVXJ1HDQ_8/Z
D







M+J[





22V
M
N9%=.7(:0*LHU4T.JHX-IX:G+ *2W5V48&C2_P4TG'TPMP1*/&)S0#?/CED


(
W/*&DOO8I;1/<N1KWB,99PT]J3<4,H.1?PR=1K!. E+Q'DJ
MNDREH&

M#X+KB*-L#'

MZG%3
(D.F'^[W!^0O+QD\K1$PD@HQ/5:\# V(CQBUS Z.'M#II7?T 6E
M6L_$J




$;:H^&;DA+F8=[H3&
@IJY?2M8.6 M(WUL[6: U=Y7SUV2C91
M#Q^H$M?8S+?V<6702640]:O98C9?U '5_A3VLZW'_6JSM *J*<&-V6WJT=-
MP2#J
4




Z;SI0P:-9IT]J&X.*UFXXVN[ X*K6:IA:%NZ).
MU%A4OAU;?9RB2^Q'AV)H%18*XW.0P%F!@A1DFJ_44/F
?FVLJB[Z8++NO
/L4@R12SJ=DJJT/CJZ8W%;OK'2)QJC
2BJTK@


U'
7.N0T)/)6*RX

ON
MH&=E^4TQ/57C

=LD0Z40B\K O6Y)LP+.B/@J!#6K2@Z%MW?M1O

M6.4E7IM[A_X36#[9B5W2;'I9[?71!LDD2J)/3ZOOC?HQ=61S\O3?A+[2VZ*]
82:)OMU.<+@4![G*JGE64$


U
M([XQ\V ]8WOOL%64?
W8O%OI



7FS?=&*T
O&LP ?ZQ

:^Z5R[EK?%





8HM*U983$9

AJKY08^Q]F+]V^^B9]_5!


M/#D]PT!.1HE[0HONL:PD*I]2#C1/S^-=/W#Q(5*B'2
324#:M'?(!6'L)N








M
74?!



4
M7\G051XH)(25.0?3.I2GQ*-$6Z_8


63/K



;^N?K$&\;UHM$:B'8X54
MPKZY.)LO6C)4OKH&W! C

M*^S
 SLOQB^YL*.$L4VM6 #864+;V

UQ=_3 V]<&)G18BF&.$Y8/\QU45@(=0T*:X[O+
*(B]C*XVP




1C/3A\IRY;I3\,K
MH^*L7@Z9#69]
3D4$Q/^4RG+P6-+@J.AZ)V%\S#J
4L:G%T[0:ASRY\WY/@


M!M%*8HUV=M(4OB8(Y$/O0

MG0FAEW6)6(E$XC?
3T_/)*+-C?JK$OVK7PP70.X#T-




=&F(AWK;.:^@FA4


M?9.%[G<48X7RF8YVHN;J/

M*(#XT=WE_+2 )TX


='23[3+CX(+W#YW[?;VUX)OCSG2BHDD<1YX%A=.

6(HH0:1GM-#


MAP


;
MWYD!,F&X _75XE/:P7. E;.AW@B._I1WTK;UMIZH:XG]1I'%9X+Q:IC8%_
MV*?5FQDCRW@K=$=3?<AD' 9WD:P$

M6
*9.0A^XQ&OL^]BF#YT' 0Z#
MWTUGS[5S'.\5CJ0=X;(R7#0+6!*BBQ_K7\7E\6#%Y<#$1?%DO#CLDP6E B#



O;(
M3/FS&_K7=[?T27[2S@(91CY_K

1Z+%!S
MJI


M/A:Y6NP@T!N-4GU9.%.LOJ+/P=N/6^V [2.8M7P-72






MS



4C[-7

M^


'M/@QT[6)NZG_6DTOC8N$!DDDCBW$S4=B)XI*
M)P'9Z,Q8@#*4E:&D-VV-([4=$4$#EJ 4YN51L
6WT.ZQSO/9VWMX49X59/!
MQL?'Q5.E#!)U2Y:K/)(X/900Y

M]B_
$&_*77_JGAH5%3G6
H%VE@



2JJO+JS(H:$(N-Y=(73Y/VY

M7R.$^._/#O)H0 (OO\.%%%

LGA%2?
M:KN

A(&[4&:7!GN


[(
MZ;^QF

V1L.-QV

?YM)U20@JO<T]A*I&
M%U5'1[*0JU;M-U42C%X20++\2!H!T[BXVOJ,!;A1SBNW7STU5I0,X05+X+
MV9^6Q9%47,O14=;@C)78JK.-+HAZQ#_CY3G=XF/G+ZC&%.)(.+G@6?3<I:;

M;7F3*87;M;O;AP$;48W&4U]-;ZB 6ED

MR7 FHM/H*IWO4K\U!A%_3
I-$STP
]

M*M$SDT//3!?T-*^\\*46T110BI8*Q

M'



W/W.\\A5K%:CMR[*O#9))#$SMQJ6L)EW2+'
M!''JZ%OTKS[#='_&*+VW+*\/1MZM4JB M7(K350DJ0B2&-25MS19T_/V(7
J+C?-Z!K;)D-=9QB-:19;)]\9XBBZ=[[V00'4BW1D'.:QW,^C; '[;
M7F9W@EH' ND=PN5L/CTZ(*C?+!W)4$;64'^D^-XVWJ<<97$BW+NTG2DJ.;I
M

PW,5^NL$\(U\T
ML)^O:4S_&S;]*_I!^=IHZ@)\%O$E$@
%Z(1(

RSJTGR 2N-@BX*MLD!['
M4$9T(]?'3&]=PX @*D3C@8@)]0\,7_/\/$5.R_X


6%C!QJ9OUYRY 3&^X4_[BNTO&V?1X


M8+Y53O$ZYLNYX'#^!8=U8_H52S3X4/[9Y.*ID-K@_',5UGDU,Q:G/RFL8*
M82 )!@\Q\VH637[SO:!#4L!?TR
J


5%\5
M'=(@ NFYI$$T0'43$ 1!7FM9S3!/DT=YMX&7]$ TE41X.CF=S82FU2RCU@ZJ



)'#B6(?+PSB8W^:^_B


!OVE

C9*XFB3?E.?O:UB?KK-V
M1D8[.'*@=BI==I_\E+F@I6H?O]S[S;4M*AY5Y/

M3B45OE]TJSH

M




D)2HE&XY
:4/6J
M:GP+$\8C-@11Y4@V^UC3'.-I'Q V7R


M.&MY28*=%Y#X*%+
!C$^*&&DJL?!(&9@?0V *AC 9@8P'=!^%U&?H!U3'\9'

])/;
MC)=.PC- ?#0=-E#1Z3%E


M3LNSP_+'^$Y*1#=\)Y()N[5Q=C:3!KCR.P=#&J.

M\\;3#


NH!*
MV.Z&Z;SG1^F$:


MU\9K5F;3@3*;GWY8SMXF[J;E\
=1)$?$^#%R2IP..(N0F;BZZVK%K92GN\9
M4_0N88MBOC^K2?CF8K%GY(ETM88R.1+^7K-
/M 438R'&UO):'$M;PMAJGP
5L<U4'0W(<
Q -IX8P^$Z





'[8=;
MAZ?2PZ-CJ2B!N'.=QH4KTHD@2DAI

[K4.UTS7G094X0O^32]H0(W1UQ;625=




CW7EW4O/*!R0'B7*@9^LSD[.9KG!*(I[C
HP45QD3.J@1
5X
[Y!^QB^L/==<]K6(
RHL@


;03 6V.MGM



5JB&FK1[;Q[


8XW


M48:C
KP/;IVXJPXWPRYC!C
R@]-LAA&#P!'(*





M&




:(#J%KXR!A@/


;6
MS=LED*U3W^U&0=
 ]

E+=O&M@P


M@// Q2



#!V4

M2_PDB SVI#I4 'OQ)8K5_*0:$1
$A+0 @[Q&!C^M2'P;[4R?YE\DHJ@1%K(.


MLC*F%1X^0 7F+FXNK4EN --A8ZW*:^J\6VTEWU@.UN4@JF7:^HER#RMQ]ZP$
M








M

T







4M
!(I8M5XJ.LO1)LW-TVYW+)W\=$0
Q4HEON




K;X L#^KDU)FDT7J.05 E/
-)



?H-%P+A

M_R!U.UNUCX\Y[:V107P2.5M$!S%XE9




M^&J%L%^6
=5F%34P XE /N)N


P!

N^;W^5?^]UU0]*PE2
T7&,3]I)Y-,_CQF[B





BF.'
X[9L#35$1F[\J:@Y]2HDT0&FLG01%C6F ?D-KCL 5+
M+3Y1
\U?-O-'B/*]!_?7'?2@_X)OD[U\BB'9





$V4G]PVJVKYSEQ3SC=G%\6$G
HQS0
M8-YC-_
:K]FORS$MS-GF&

D:(DR[AB'&):@?(CN4^%NL_IH2_\*NT<YX
M@?%C9

M[4-=($?O92N6
OQ0-TB2V@R$D
Q(OS-J:S*%%+O5O&]F$32$^0&TKZY'-.Y=

)5JP JK*3 +:RT_?2MNV94F&+4Q=W^RM
M=R*Q6%T'[?&






M&D
(?
+5



9]L





R^Y#L<LFI
4H&P
E*WATX=%





M8*BIG-WGMLSY\XO!1AOB5IILX#:NSRE]^U6-]X5#-ZNW++!6U[ S$HL!/
M+,S@+L!Q=CD#[-*)C+8 J^.ZP4;4/$YPE4R!+]?]K!!9% -)
H6+1==V*#B


M-'Z[#+?XEOD#GJ7LK&+2]89&I'2H(5&&+K]JLI!&CE86\@S7*%%FHS/41EWX
M$0A#%D1]CE&R%O$=97[P/HTA3/&E1PBP'1ORVA_6O9+0JHG
7H 572@@L@ 5
M!G)I
WS;ZC]F*(H T@.?\D



SC$T8M/5A5@G**6P=X-W:?L6@-W^^(G41:\J
'D&! 1


MF

'M




MLU:7)\W



Z


NTFA5%3\!
E\
M
7QNL
^&L6JVGE*QMQ!]G#!UG^!5[/'^^[-[CK<PAWZ<PJ_


O4P]O'_$)!$& -T2]R%8%+


C$%T_4V
E09JC2

_A(C[$;_.XF
(50'2X08C
M^( I/OAR2\NC;C^]_9'@O/.K'[JAAWJW2R_U7\AM0[2P]!'][@:-=RNG?HC

M.AUVECO
PPX[L X[Y@[;%0YSBY:-DH$2/%4H8[S'3X]8+A^3-$9?=)(H+(2?


1OX#)-8__QF.+;6G$-UELWGFI'XB%*



7KW_$MA(Y6VIM0Q[*=.GMT0]@O]Q#'T\21%XQX!6Q#^&



MMP1(4\;RJRD]XO1ZQ&PV-BS@JXG: /\903?RAYL\E\MTX;;8A72=PGWOT$?X

]%XT#PRC\
M2-R1

MA31^




M:]Q\/Z)%M'?7O K4-)!4(U#ZQ.$9;F8F5SJY
K8:X@26*S'^-QVQ*

#_'EH[N:!$DZ
M2TTN=
3CGIO=Y:L;;R%

MC=.4D#2 ^Q4W:P*\/D?@%:)

M!W*9X#H$A52 Q9K(+U0:ZC&,M_97+H@!LLR(1!PAE*^^!1#]T_DIK?[%/WP
MS0_KA=_ZGC;%$DU59)ET4

#*Q
MEBF%TM(H)IOB[^$36=9LFYAI?T'GI%FK%N*KTYNSZBB53/[FXD NS]#TER+[
M:OU@7-J7=-BG;=ZK-_@JLUS=/E':4=Y[SU$4?/;IS#@:$__WL^\]7T7[@QN^


KUI$N_E%%09)IG:1_@WXT[FRUI_3%D#1!)Y(XV K!60-V.P

H(QB.^*;(

MK .IGPOIYY6NA 6)



+W9
M/;B_V)#Q$M(=0RDS]0F


6UG)4)06Q$:W_^+5MU&GC.Y3C
.$.P:S@A?JLDW


D40@KXO;6W66]Z3.+KS9
MO


+I55_#)W]4VDJ


M/8CK#=1VZ'5[Q6(
]AR-EY5B'R:E*V8[ZWSCO!0VT1_]Q'
#LB8&ON-KVTG5
M#


X@#?N#J. ^O
'A!3T1A^FSHE

MEXO5.![LE@S+SN($L
P)\0%XKKO*;DRCB%*#Z4*0E9C.M1
/WO/-Q6!
H]9.


MF#SQOC@)8#?C?!R:\ZR&]JOD1I@YW*LA'6FG,QQ\\'Y-VKL- ]RDYH,]/
M ]UZ!X&9]91%H/YX1G&D-P]-RXT&#GV@;E43CAN%V=GC3TA0F NV[(:RD-=

M7
?8A:!OPGL)V]^T E/?I+?:.9OSYHQ. UQ6;2U49'1ME_'IP*T1K6*X^V;1


\\0@F?+N^O[\'-5W![]^7^
MRX^'RX?KFQ]&V4 EIK<H<S#)\<TGXL[--LN))VLF5/A'X[NXDM]3G[OC1(J




M=-RC7@X&R/


O P8-


MBHA/4\]7E7F33[YFO#@I8:.YW.M6U[5KKZ0K*)P2[WJ-F#A9OY$N(;U)++


MSZ23W) V339G)J1QW3NT%#N (8]
*D!B 94+
L%&+T)2;+#3--@M#39_%Y(P

M9%9[4



&U+%&W?5-;?&!D&^YW!EC#=

+X
@2O$2ULT!+R)U)VFMS^N
_38E9.:V\J0


B&0S

MB7QD]G%3U



]F%IP4+%;R7[\4CB9
MOP7FIG5YZQ.:_ATZ:5(@_2M]H%&-*]:W^0EL+E-Y?G%^=T(__E/J^@ZKG)
M

9_S;O\-3BLRC0W

IY BI
#P]UI-@L@TTQR
MV33G%2-Y05




63N7K[=TM!*]^

&6_64K
M'Q--$78034

MB
Z=Q&[YR9 )0F57\A,##TF*-7Q0VIPXN.!=3(3=H4%S-4*=D$6X[O3D:[


MZCD*MJCONDQN(0J4


ZI
M3[D.^ !JB).1__4(@SM(*)L0.*EL6Q^4B;ZEG1)[51*/6KS+C
M_%3+;H59

2\;%V* U@ 0!) /]7-[9':+ZH:FZR9-L8
QP)
M
_2@D1ON)?*:MAJ9I$!J_'#W\!)E%6TC7?81G1

30Z)WLRHUV6*.S

[K6R (K%%B?^K#C;
MK]AFIVDSN^A;%MO8$D]D!]]LJZPE'



7R)@A=:=C2D

%I6^Z4YJ7Z2?6I[BUC)
\NQ62V1#N-.JP^.$N

M(S':


J(1MYH[R^)82&5 7!T/

MX).CEWAQO63?G9T'64;X=N!9!F;
/L:$_T@]=*O'8$MQ!PV_QF%8([;T+K
M?LD&E

MP!?20V8*;R6$+B34
FQ)FRFK' J,_OK'J@R\TS S):O:9P^&-0)D4?N'-NH
M(\O_!\XZ-0580BM5K20.LJ^6HB0SP[73LE&AI;-2(QV1E1C[WR@&7K0_1'
)Q<?]T&&-=T$NY;SA878GDX;0#\S/YK



5M=RWI:'W
M32N@6J@C



]OX/#Q+;Y*0QW&E][UOVU




40@W
4HUDT#]JOHAC4T^H*NF'04\80J-LB:N [1

$4[WR^


L

M-0.H4@'AN%K


M6?1M T







ML_L


'\%EP-V0_ULH-I+&3]D8O&@K1 
2LGX]UBV$=90;;)3-3G_NN2#


M]8+VM0\D;?[KZ




=?

M)O0ZA__*UD!6M#)OKT:((&_2

K^X(N1)Z6P@<NV



&4V8F%7





B



0\9!IM 8O\#_.KIA2A+B3V\/J
V;7?:'SETV






ME


M%((L(
XQ+NK@SD*L5?0YQMA38-!1'[.31

6?9L'&MY

Y9W]_B*

[G9X




5





MY.@'S
RX&HP?[J)X3R=[$1DCZ82:45X7DZ9 0MO2GK:/M#.#/S$A$V
V*Q]I
MC\/88T&RW0H8)KOF6VRFN\1Q#;=?W!A'=X+(Y+@_DL
YG^'.]SHNN^E]46LW

(*$@EPJ^


5XPQJ R8++DM(778'6A1;C_=$+#(_P

@$C% ;RT(K-=QI
=PLL@0#
8R$C1B4$(M


-7QP+79- *0'IUS%/QG#6&@4$!\


M9#)-KI I-=1I


_9@Z





-]?B*\T;.39HQ$
MN_E#?A/*_&*IBD/


MLXSWZ9C@:EW))5/BZ]
;\Z^K*


GG\34?!/+&4PL*Q


4'FED1J
]






M5H)X
@]QD-WK(5N /P G;6P@ZU_3%!'[+^1R&8;#OI+Q6[F_09QCCWC^$S


M!ZR.C6-Y([YM4!5M
&EW


<+43]_^V]]9AD[JRN#
M-ZQ^^87B

U\



MKA$*BR^AKS9G'&*B8





MCC-.[UP(GX%
H#Q
M'I\XDNQO!<480;*8;A)G4<XY@X;X9R[LP_34_B$0#N?4*RXXR$B)4.L.8@G



MC'



M;MB1$%/;N.K
TV^
&:L8Q2-W!&




&


MH*C*F$;DU^BITH#3(4M+OEIS-
?P+/T
P$W)ZOX7Y/QLX?\6QGYDR0Y54V0D

8NGT8Y

)_6C

'0X1/*
#\K/EG[3S?V
47A


M!A&SOKG%Q7W=($(_DK_18[?TF

@$\!LO@7OL8K
';V=SK&-0[=Y


C\OS-;@?Q#
!WN'^$

M*0






Z=*?N32S&!AI
MG#/$.
W(: TY#DCX[K !+Q+K=P)O&D31F&4FQ



MLMGY%



47T?$3Y&'VW9!;0OA$]Z H
4Z/.:1
M

M:JM+*BG$VH:PEO#L0QK/+880AV0^_0Y#&+O!9;B]W.[]T
?S;:G_ K.K9]J_

$)X7T


N??4JPE9+%[2?.$L
M#'5X1T)3PRM=COZ
ARCQ\0R14;*?X'

M%V







S!*\Y
MZ[@9Z^Q*JD&)
'NML$MWH^**+T3QK(?!I:(3 ']YP9$\%A'=LU]_V$4Q^IN[
M/P1P!@[(M#3:@P27D@'H+\?03\F3L]KOW

AAOA^8RPJQBHFV7
Q?($A5BX&

M@?^4WW+K)PEJ@5J)2V07?262A3JY




M=6=8G[(
*WNNDF&U)U@/3((%&#.LG3PYV2^Y&K1[[PO]&MF
@(FYE)-U^'J0


<YZ<F1T;X<U293B
M;\HD$7^;(V_3@D1Y^:_WU@];MI]C2#18OGCVS_93;CI;?C^+7ZQ9@G2PG^6

.A9=2OJ0+:'\EJUKH4=0CYEB+O&WP1MZ

P19%]KM9CQG^D;2NMV2=K:D#B-9^!#N/



G/L@=&03 (P.I[ND8BI_%\6)B.3
M(+6MQMD&8+I[F9;6XB,W/LA^@3'A.P4USOSX_WWC-R0 +VT18&)SE[*T\5


MWM+&



MV
2[5]KXP[Y%MT
VZ[
MO]X/XU9)02_C
+ZZ*
$
M\&L4DS




DRLW^Y%U6Y]?Q;7BDVW FLY$*
M?3#B5


+::H0P=%?KN;HCY@5#
GK-0*'9

3)TGN


VC^EOFL
S7]0-H&P2:_W/K2[:[TBV: B



M0\@


H^V$B97=D3


M\M)FMTU5*;_

M:4!Q;*C;-#RH1TV?8?SP[(;CYH(

M(

MVK/G*ET[(

M7K-]0'6WK/9O=VH=J


UYOQVMNH]HOONU:KKV=#\D?SA=


MYI86404Q/#_/I-?;8\Q[C#PR)IN_L7%J9GT@0[7/R!Q]!/?V/'W GX@!N
MO]S](4T=T#/I]$^'^'3-\B3L]KOW

AAIY/^\
86Y5DSR$=D
P]F7=(W?@)


M9143=G;C4XNIOO5)Y!=

%#IF)M



M.0W=E)Y,WEGF8EB')C(4PQ.$726[#S%[T?RF.Q,_ZQZBK]OFD1
UM+XI^B

\








)FV3UAM_D);H.H'F\?008U

M!35,HZ&[U0?;A[9Y) @H+$R9)12:M)4S2VT.-IJ0KMMM!LK^X8!OYPBW
SC_4&/1S+HQF5'P@0F9L$F$[U5! K[R0L<]V0F@_X& H^?DK&
MO5C9I.?[][QL );=&HDOAEVLYE58SDI,8H!6A1.8<N-4'Q956M[$(NS XG ;
M^X^]3OI]5U)FZJ8<,63R*$? 268H!^F!RQ_AH_I'=SY(4ZKMI?[Z!BFK=^]

M'UU

9'E$H







'X+




M^Y'(]$7E61/H8Q60Z0CR7#-[W8Y9BN'&.(+&:

MH/J0B:@G+8N/.39.(]W[2428#O@!=M3G&]KMT![KE:#A!GEIKYI=R64O@L^3

2169U




;0U1E(
=++
M<]@EGH#QY5[\%
WP+5\B+CK8M$,C*,K'A**B^B+5:9GLULKNCHIC.C^9W

C





=F&V
MC#A;-11?9#X_/Q
?@9;M92OQI






=A#J




MW



SKF/
J41X19


E?MKND$(PX.YJ[A0N34V5#KO*-*
HU1IIC/3WSF6*P*^8X!7PS(1NTS7((O6(''\B.[TD<G66$@,;Q
M2(0?0[ M;_'H_@411AS4[N;MZ9Y84*IR3T
86P21[VEG21A&3-P9V&$7:**

-_R8KTLDX(W) I@6?B66BQ-/\S'


M8[YB[!)R6(KTN[5'S6&WHH=
J-

N-Q'WL;N%EN+U)GV%\Z7G1
M


.6()Q

MV%=


MA/^G[@W


LZ^.$T'[M*.E
M+?2XF.&Z1

9(
*T5$Y\$[3!Z!0WY]HLO=&Q)?L.).)X+SD.'UE$*/+<T,MT2Z$:8:%
M-/HS/N%G?J

MH%C+%(H\7M_C-/V


'^#7[MJC-K
^BF^Q*4S% =W'J_.)%@D
;\:.-JF/*3;LS?8X
J]E?DZ4@PRNY.M31JS;GG<2&.4;2<]=P
M3CD;#
Z$
)AC]E%G[R=U/Y9V\!F*0/)=N_2+&\*?E'U%=J]1#DL44C_697/1




M-0[Z 2

MT;)JT\JH2TEVO.2.





'X/V=L+!XQDD8NG.-IKZJ1]9?.8X]?8U*^0&


L0
M!2!*OJ!9H0=1$2/9]ILGAL74#64Q;'XL+@ +
%?B3
8:Q@R
+&57F&(&4D)
M\(YXX9&#)PXN6C(5:(RL\]Y4?+N7S#]9=X(.QQE.Q:;^*5.TYCTV_::\.[O

M:[0:_'0^8(J LWB9!Y.0B
4KTQ6_)E!SQ#=N4;PG$9#C\_\A6*BQ:$@448!V
MDCV![PFA^#$(H%W/*WU

M_75]]DEL G#A)W$0 )_=O2AR*[KLTAC%^7#(A]:I! 9%?CXJ;SHO1EYXC7XN



M5_UMDX#5W[[S=JL-1OZ7]Q=E__]R$_OY%N^B*+B-
ICM[Z-5G&P+JK][A\?]
<R)/7@(Z



MY]
*$4 



=Z(T4^\Q(:XC^YH7A2MX_C&%L[R/WM -$2?HBFS\\VK_
MR?MGG!SD-U_)&LI\2N$,T=VW TFV?PHQAQP%6&+;X6NQP9O0FOP.L\UMFL$M
M?F ^IV5AP](LNN]W(/0- 9F@QQNR:\IG.?'. Z^PC \R._W6!.VAOB0U2MQ


%HCC+L%@=VE[M
MG\$:WY


!C4SPX^

R16O\%4
'F?,@G!]W_*'7#[W!%?<<K1_B-'U</!32&Z+@JY<$
MPRP@]Z-#S_K21^)%X;B&I(K?O# O/3_


%^Y+ VWWK[@
9:@-&I_

MM

FZ/XO:[^
Z4#AP'8B]:.S
MHUI&*TA=:%/-$5WA*PQ?W8BZDB&+@ELT3KP'H)*ZTJ+AZUG#P=@GU33IP*Q8

MJI:+OV)?O3L/)EC&ZLWEC4FJEG/Z_!FK5(KVB]UP/NSJ=*\'\_)U+'5%3H

M1S KB+\I^

MI1_3\5_IY6N

O]KE

8R7X









M2XH_YW PB'[7% &.1B27Q_\C3CQ8AWN0:1^:/ I'H,HV?ZL8W %/4BI8-HU
M'$L?$HMO%!C$ 4XVJ3\*R9'7:'J@@!$ B*G]=6B

M+H*=:

M.[W)R6W&HFL)UA _%%'VZ&U))YK8;SJ?HM#Q]Y2;EH](UWVFXL^GX'8?B_



M 







MS  Q-O6E0Z&YW48'E2=YUAFTDEIJH;A(A7S.2-:90-*&;V:*$X& ]
!E/F$1



M:\+T3DK\:9=U!N]CN=X6
;16BKY^7I+W!B; SPH% YD4=I?!Z#HNA!1I)[UT
M[+VBZL42O($H!X6\3=]QQ*9:: :%-/ 1

;8:HA3N
M+_H=,YZ%RGSPJ(K7&B2[W,BZ@1F3ZH1L\NC3% +V@2



MP_..Z46?XA06AH/02U.X@O7PAT ]K!EG!NH=QWIW&.R_O6L
IR. K\J$^N3M



Z0TEAM@YP?&X2KQ-O2Z:QRPA:


[[[-I+$LR=%O5M*+


P](0YWQ92ZCYOG(3
%$JD42'E#[

M48/\F5UTS&$)
@]&(#@X7J+[
]_FA1[B!JR@3\UC)=!12Y _PS3).?)7?7,
M25 -$3FDY;R#)/KSLG!M31QZ5 _@87]O6$E%9X2:PR=3A)
*T_+Y4'
L&*[

9UO.I= \

N%EGFW0


[M
'NE<?:4K <+[TN6 %!]XY





MHDR';S! ]S15;W[\74NY@^(NQ@L?1VB7



NS.[CS
U2YF:.^0#%ND[.6-SGWN[@0-F'NK'
MXI&Y9/T!$K12VJ]-MAE(&I3]





K!?4)M54)&U=[87E!$_
J HP$V3E;*]#,QR29^)HKR(UMF]+)3Y


MB@E

#



W=Y3UTYBU4%74VZLV\CPU[#CJ6O#TT']
M

$



M8IF04+6&;PB3-%VLVNHA4MP2J[D.1#]Z

+OQB)Z1OMVL6I5 3R6 *2 *]C9

ME*._59P/O01'ST&GAP




B1&T)
I='=\HT1V);V]=NJK[=.NMO0
T(O+4G%(#:$MRZAP

VQ.<#@=X7^_E?OE/8\2X
M3!+YCEZKI*M$Q ^H6U)4ZZ4(7!F^I1U2Y;JD);V4^F62G5*&1.' [IO2$&W







(T6#KYJ;I


Q

M&


/;-\ TD&4T11E;Z-.I6SAEKH+1+JU.'P-&I/F^F@

&2^9.W XE@T3)V)SWS0


M#E*0O$$?/(


M\K%60UTS[167$Z4T5G*/WG_C)/#_;:( /W\4EKJ0*]%DMX(C14C]H+:BJ*
M6[/M )1\C47I.+940P4Z_=M\6_



NM@9JE'/1<3$XK*MX6)

]T!G+_,'1R!=^_S!4CE\RD8\Q?<X.1S:2V&@]E Z].
M([D)SC7=2E9.&2IR7!?[]3N%=WX;[RC G8G').,1YM;#B!5797M&4'H_0
MJDE#]WZV?4-Q';]KNP8E'J5?:59K$6I$?/2K@V@O0LWHG%XE#JWB!W[8'OA

1;&Z@-

MW7 8^B7:@[1
.

MX.H'E5?


MD^69G'C:!MHC9ONNX6LV3N)%172MX^4 T6UAO?31K9P6*A








N




6K?'E
@:(
MS:\YY#I^[8^+R6
1^S2+DY#U9
ME'Y52U+6/
WB+4B*
%*LA]C '3G5ID@/'3.X@Q'

:2D6ZB*]<R$LPE!YZ&
MM5)DO)]+\KSIGZ8_+GJFZYNJX_4UHMFK.^6




M;I?D3]XWN


M#
D

M7W?HPF&=9G

]_2^54E6J$I7
R/B;H
M J^*\%!$(TXG'4+?.4F/().=1:.+:7/@..()==4QIT6VP8&-]1XGTW_63$L^

0

]T'
MT_D$R9RYK/#N\EL%\^[XG9^0FT7R661ZGLRNTF44ZI2HN[,-E_M?O*A^?5



T+KGR7P-2^43=]V($HI=/!:*Z'F+@_#LC+?8G4?H5V)
M]^YUZ


D+5$


)

ML[\*V@TZB[2V7_D]97V!QW-VWF*]@11G]YP#60GY&9^KP^!EB^)W@'E(E[53
M
Y-')'#C;-Z-C8$350MYD8GUU3&KIR3V 0C2.W3_$&!?[ #FEZ+UI8^XIL*1
MFC+%#@

K.9%6GX9+5)=BJ



M8%8//3-H%4BET-QLHX7*=E%;



&/*R




MS58+RH*O?4F


19$8LT?_?HF]$:5UE*Z\ )G(X3V[QJLUAS
M2RU6)SV+


31O8<(MME^V/14<QLIV;J(-/
'%?E+XJ=/C2*4*1J_VWU
MFQ43U 6YZ#/CJEW.LTJQHAHTNGG13B%'G5+\3G+3V17!*8^4O&K4UOC-+MB)

RZ*/9
M.G\5Y[_A?!Z(-'(S=0EU=?X/9MN-G8W5V5B=C=796 VTU3@;J[.Q.AOK].!S
M-E9G8QU?
5;-^6;

P[_$J5 27EG BF,$\UH
M;98B.R7@=;E6^
?P$ON4 =Y]3UW1/




G:

P_ N

M6G=
&TCKKQBA\FS$5\QV5;1$12WRYK(VWT4'A![FZ3)^@]BQ-_25-W '(]0'



$07WL




E]I@GD/B8@UR#Q0KO@R4HU)O5787!(YEG!'KI







GV.J^?JTE5[3^P$V?LQ]?#,+J:X16QDV&W878Q90[.


 &GU^DML!'





VS*C@QXWT]=




[O7($.^NE_]#CN

G^X)1+3Q##H

M]5/\.?+*2J\@P'*2
']#ZJ=K-H4S PBP#S'

N/76X

M7A+NCUM_L7H&$8P33!ME2HP.:BJ[PB1%+S6(\#WZ$'L1:G+!*.[*:#X8/;_(


;:Z3=@;7T6JB@T;
/R]6I8H420%%
M



%LE?GJ J5J,&<K ?3VJZLQG*V T-FS
MLL9NWB*1%1@#=D<9(;SJ-TC9LPXIQJE.<@*DBA=G'M^S8&]9:#$]O.M89H#
MV\: B1A\4*
S!X:

Z!+V-@2D^+5D


M9&E+*$P60[S_U--3J

M[\8



%[V7C1SXC/P(PJG33!GNJI? !IBC^T2*I\J9*T\OIKM,.XJC(
M;/WJ15\6*\2B@ #?3P_W5XLE\TD4ZZMC5L\^B-!5&W^.TAWPX0J@'E9T-MK

B!47Z^+



MPZUMIW41#_42Y4QK%(4HO3[!N?*3VM89S^9B/'
&)OL
3(H
#R##E^ZAJ.LB
MS]+



:!L&J)V-&\^4@H;RA=S9M3

K=G?P-E]C?O
\?F
MCL31:[S2\]+JJ0*P\5S:[L<Q$(!-;LIV1<0P$#;%-O]'(48(7'H9JF2[H':
MK-34''95!*_13:]&*@CO\@S]]

_S
MKV%VT3^'J6?%;19ZH?F7-)OHIO%J7QUKC\3NY/R^M'UW; $.V]?W!J+%1*0
MT5VR\\++%;H$_P&\!+';)-?4KD/I7@\.K??1([J:7[Z\ U\BJ-L(U(X7GY





M

[9!J BRGZ*]
M#9J9))
I.XI.';ABO5Y3%:Y$





_!C


M3A-U3IYX

D

3(9TCPQP+M



M]XM3
]\M2!U@[

N*C:3%F

MC

X(9
\2JTX
6


%.A
W3^KAX://+SECDC$7.6.2

MVNY6=%Z? 'I? \:5VFZCE4KF!7K:2HES1KT'\!+T ___26^^.GB/7&)F4W5
MTG%Q40S^BP =)TT5TU%,\H,('B=-U=+QH9CDA[\(T''2U AUM3,1C6,BLE,E
M/9)R$ZULS
1&60BLM
*V4&E=\*!.8VQO'9]AB?0:8C9R!'E&N*QFPLW19&A


JK<S^2$C6UWTWX6 *&4Y&@O+\3N\F5LP 4CEFK9\44MZ9MY&A2$KJ^CL!
M/YY12;<4]YS%_I=-'*+YICB[6+97D)%#9M4DG/
(


 )76LX9FT/L89SQ=

2'\I#9?H;H?&D3'-:U;+LW
M
YD3/O-AIN\UZYTG^0@UWBSKW2
E]LO#G)P?Q20?(DZCN[;K5G$_%/:ZJI0&

H
FFMM9B)\

CLE)K6Y*;0SK7.
#MKH/RN-

%[







]#F/P7%_0-U4L;&

H
MQL[T90
2X*TR(3=PD5'


M.+=J4?=368Y1M+?!
^

)#1\^7R
MREU&

M
;#=&FP$X UNH\;;3F=0

M#U:BH&MI&/EXJ/:-SY'AZ$USFZW3$R]6V&/V]ML.1+)NL)1
7]=Q&#RCQAXE

M3EZ=QJV*9'HQ\_A)'Z/RS+G
+
M:JAL*YQ7SG95BDN\
EKB%8[D8[OFOB-:9Q*M[;KX48+]K0U9'RYGB;77F WY



5] LJ?'$!!::4$O3V$$TO32_S.'
M:;$;BW\BV8







[
M0'RN&K_JP!/G(SA!@ODPT=N;IC\6-$0(L(].^^ZT[TS6['1S\;A]VTO6R;.-
-%^]LN/\!96]6#)T.1P1GAK)%(16?[&Z



T WVT)$A_F4LXL4J%57VM
M.:7SU/1\D]%='2+U[N)F.&Z%^DMLBFKK$*:)R&R11)%(J

M


M?T9

M;Q!#23IVCW'TAFX;$!3[.WW!596:OV/IY#'._@$R'#VQCAA2VW#?LPJ]IT*7
M6^C5BS_A=C0;U\A$:
49OW2+73
PAPW)6?NYZT41'?$6U#E6^4\$JX=!
V ^
M%.P^:K):'I*
O\1_CT/$K::+U4?$\9+#9!BM=6#ZR?N&:_(QSU2[C18JR\J!


M2[



MKG4I10!MV_[D\S9C:]ZVEZ7/KM4YT7:.CO[I]QVZ WY?4YF


0O5^X

4E//6]<


MB-Y&;DF[&/Q'7G

M6D-/D9Q XS+CCG?

M_\!;P&3=_H5=7*_1^\\,)S&/K+NW;[0$Z9?]&!*[=%33%2*M7!ZRM
.\\G

$[GGIZ)
K0@746#NH2H+B&JV6E
M7%I(@[S0M()O67*Q
TW361AF


?!? -!KD7?O*^P6V^O8ZC


.KB1G_4/%VF:;XM
MSS
6B_TR


M.E8.7U %@B_ WT3PSYS%J%

[=1/X)+U)$\JY;4:Z
M%92G;;0]X^95JAE&FXJ96S?(P0-5!.+$X5IKU2U%J#15G);GXEQ2(^SQA%T


O=PD ]Q'BYY%
XZ-F9<#N.$(W!V85LT.<XN;*LIT]F%G5W8-+6P.GW


/CG;F

L=E9XZE8Z@W(H.\YSPWGN6&UYX:K
NDJ

 :\S]N-76M)L&KME[07SLOZ(M[10UZ1?^X
M:*SJ^PY
4?F.WD;NH%*65)?:O5Y5%UDYHFM2_R57[%E2[X
.$9R.2^Z_&\SS
M-V[LB1YER=U#;O:ND(L-J;=$AV!7)WI9M1O:3&&'[$)VEXN9%0/1W@N=%6U.


QX5=W 9!+!\
M-.J#SKL2AOWF%%%LV.Z'2ES#^-(4$6M[1'U

*
4



M1N&7NM-C)_J#




Z&7[(EY/H2[*:$/3_?GG][_;SHI

M=?R8Q/GN$PB@[X5X



MKX3+5B(DQ%/9[AXN(F
<1,%C'6'_[SR



[@=F:J$LST[

M&SZH'O;CA_9-SJDPWVZ]9+]87?H9?$
S6X+0*VI6O&R \R=T_H2=_0F;!3VN

MKU7KC/^XF






HZ



M/

@#(8
M9YI;5AE^K&S'UJ:0'?H0/^@).-'MCG[K)1%6B#[$:?H$DNMXNXVCYPU:CMNG
MY\./[1]TN*-?1AD

KJ2RA=[D6=IYD78NXJR^+*C&#33





UCC
M[=7(?6Y



8\0RDEEHI/C AS/U':ZTH=7_F0?YZDYIIX5OQ


W8?G=(#F\=L._31N#K;W7%X

48JH?C$+O^PQ\.DB<
M9%V_@BHZVV[9N-%.IL3TK+AH2NK;+=$Y6-U7G8[L[J8QVO].E;COS+B.

MMU&&8/P=!J!!:G4)8_F6P1)@F]1H\1VN8)3XG5?3PU!9JS#4@0#0DHK)S/







ZETTFDFFE
M@RIV$O)R\6=&0[;;4D=.3 9.Z6=%B8%P+6D-MO-3 KPHF9BMM/4I  Q^OMB
M?QIKU1L.B?K] @2FP;D-L.M.V=XN801SV7)=18DNOO*SW9$/-\=O.=GOB4%

M&;2Y%[Z?(X(1Y22K+;6MKEKQ


M



+B$D5L[T6UFD3)QDFH;EN(A7E<8S

_
M.8YMI;IOL]^4;MSI3-BI5IZ+M9=@%R#2.C3&T5+DSMM!O *8BUZ\AG!=4)PB
GJ<D7J,C
MD1:JA@!F^'P<MM=5GB&_P&R)P]2=VC'T33I;N





MGZ-T!WRX@B!@PT]MKZ;^%?#C*/2_5..1!G_\#HRJF Q.^CQ6,+I(0J[?/4


M%4= :


QH'?!Q.XBN*SE@=#%WC&34# ?0


M*.E*K[S0.Z]?(-?7REEIJC3



 1/J


M(
N/.&XRC;ZO]L_<_CFA7@'B<U'K*^F[-D^HB4I+04P
M_7*-#C[



MFP$:0L%]D=9U6U]_E*F(]=4R*R3
](HI\!(?2STWX V$<4%9



M


M$@$ %SLD9$LP )^[EJ@MH0!PU49M@0%0ZD4#4Y_NAP().U)&B+_S^


P0N*



MA;

MG%$G[
#'1U05E&0%:PZT)W

M:(JKP[!S1^$C+K(22BIK:16X97T9@4=0G&X
=H/HYU OY9N%PB)X#-^##[*N
J8W.@VN7B7
PR2@W
MM
R=:M+0\QG3-.%8\^R%6LIZ#7T5)
$^Q

M4QMMRZNI\V:FG!\)R8C'S[5)N&.I/NMLDBI)



M(
J
M3_R'^!BEI^<;J*[Y[;':HX4H<-NCJQQN;1YNDN;QRK774]M''(3WBW[=YJ\
M





4+




MI!Y&--



@;[XW]02P$% ,4      RB6E*A6=_W+(U
M @!-UAP $0              @ $     87!F:TR,#$V,3(S,2YX;6Q02P$
M% 
4      RB6E*=\Y_EN(C   IM0$ $0              @ 'A-0( 87!F
M:TR
#$V
3(S

#$V
3(S

M  @ 

38Q
C
Q7VQA8BYX;6Q02P$% ,4
M  RB6E*7_9+:N&  A9PL %0              @ $R@, 87!F:TR
#$V
B
3(S

end



