

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-13-035246
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20121231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130617
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130617
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALL AMERICAN PET COMPANY
 INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001362502
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GRAIN MILL PRODUCTS [2040]
		IRS NUMBER:				912186665
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33300
		FILM NUMBER:		13917279
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1180 CENTURY PARK EAST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1402
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90067
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-432-9032
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1180 CENTURY PARK EAST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1402
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90067









     





Washington
 D.C.&nbsp;&nbsp;20549



ANNUAL REPORT
UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

December
31
 2012

TRANSITION
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934



ALL AMERICAN PET COMPANY
 INC.





    
    
    

    
or organization)
    
    




1100 Glendon Avenue
 17
    
    

Los Angeles
 California 90024
    
    

    
    
    






of the Act: 


of the Act:

Common Stock
 $0.001 par value




is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No



is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No



(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
&uml;



delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&sect;229.405) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to
the best of registrant's knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&uml;
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No



a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a small reporting company. See the definitions of
&quot;large accelerated filer
&quot; &quot;accelerated filer&quot; and &quot;small reporting company&quot; in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.



    
    

    
    

    
        (Do not check if a smaller
        
    



(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No



 2012
 the last business
day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter
 the aggregate market value of the registrant's common stock
held by non-affiliates was $8
550
000
 based upon the last reported sale price ($0.02) of the registrant's common stock on that
date as reported by OTCMarkets.com. For the purposes of the foregoing calculation only
 all of the registrant's directors
 executive
officers and persons known to the registrant to hold ten percent or greater of the registrant's outstanding common stock have been
excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not a determination for
other purposes.

The number of
shares of Common Stock
 $0.001 par value
 outstanding on June 14

929
245 shares.



    
    






    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
Market for Registrant's Common Equity and
    Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
    

    
    
    

    
Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis
    of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    

    
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
    Market Risk 
    

    
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
    
    

    
Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants
    on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate
    Governance 
    

    
    
    

    
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
    and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
    

    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
    and Director Independence 
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules 
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

Index to Financial Statements
    
    

Reports of Independent Registered
    Public Accounting Firms 
    

Financial Statements for the Years
    Ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 
    



    
    


USE OF FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS IN
THIS REPORT

This Annual
within the meaning
.
These forward-looking statements include
 but are not limited to
 predictions regarding: 



    
    
    
    




    
    
    
the commercial viability of our
    products; 




    
    
    
the effects of competitive factors
    on our products ; 




    
    
    
expenses we will incur in operating
    our business and revenues we will earn in operating our business; 




    
    
    
our liquidity and sufficiency
    of existing cash; 




    
    
    
the success of our financing plans;
    and 




    
    
    
the outcome of existing
 pending
    or threatened litigation. 



statements by the use of words such as &ldquo;may&rdquo;
 &ldquo;will&rdquo;
 &ldquo;expects&rdquo;
 &ldquo;anticipates&rdquo;
&ldquo;believes&rdquo;
 &ldquo;estimates&rdquo;
 &ldquo;continues&rdquo;
 or the negative of such terms
 or other comparable terminology.
Forward-looking statements also include the assumptions underlying or relating to any of the foregoing statements.


from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors
 including those set forth below under
the heading &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo;. All forward-looking statements included in this document are based on information available
to us on the date hereof. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.


Report is as of December&nbsp;31
 2012
 unless expressly stated otherwise.

As used in
this report
 the term Company
we
 us and our
refers to All American Pet Company
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation
 and its consolidated subsidiaries. 


    
    











 Inc. and its
consolidated subsidiaries (&ldquo;AAPT&rdquo;) develops and markets innovative first-to-market pet wellness products including
super-premium dog food bars
 dog food snacks and antibacterial paw wipes.



Glendon Avenue
 Floor
 Los Angeles
 California 90024. The office telephone number is (310)&nbsp;689-7355.&nbsp;&nbsp;



 

 

and


The information on our websites are
not
 and shall not be deemed to be
 a part of this report or incorporated by reference into this or any other filing we make with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;)

History of the Company and its Current
Status


 Inc. was initially
organized under the laws of the State of New York (&ldquo;All American Pet Company
 Inc. NY&rdquo;) in February 2003. In January
2006
 All American Pet Company
 Inc. NY merged into All American Pet Company
 Inc. a Maryland Corporation (&ldquo;All American
Pet Company
 Inc. MD&rdquo;). In June 2012
 All American Pet Company
 Inc. MD merged into a Nevada Corporation
 (&ldquo;All American
Pet Company
 Inc.&rdquo;).


owned subsidiaries to provide for accountability of each of its operations. All American PetCo
 Inc. was formed in January 2008
to provide corporate infrastructure and management services. All American Pet Brands
 Inc. was formed in April 2009 to be the
Company&rsquo;s manufacturing and warehousing operation. In September 2009
 the Company signed a license and distribution agreement
with AAP Sales and Distribution
 Inc. a third party company that obtained the rights to sell certain of the Company&rsquo;s products
on a non-exclusive basis. AAP Sales and Distribution
 Inc.&rsquo;s operations have been consolidated with All American Pet Company
Inc. based on accounting guidelines for Variable Interest Entities.


 AAPT produced
 marketed

Chompions&reg; were the first dog food
products that were formulated for canine heart health and endorsed by a veterinary cardiac surgeon.


    
    



 after the beta testing
 the Company
completed market research
 proprietary scientific formulation and testing for an all-natural super premium bar category called
NutraBar&trade; - original
 low fat and senior formulas. It also produced proprietary formulations for two additional bars &ndash;
Chomp Bar&trade; and Mutt Bar&trade;. It has successfully launched its portable
 convenient and functional NutraBar&trade; line
of all natural true food super premium bars to both online and traditional brick and mortar retailers. Each gluten-free 4 ounce
bar has a kCal equivalent of 8 ounces of super-premium dry dog food. The bars have been both manufactured and packaged by the
Company since the fourth quarter 2012 and related sales commenced in 2013.


the U.S. market the first line of all-natural super premium dog treats called CHEWIES&trade;
 which comes in three flavors
 and
is preparing to market its CHEWIES&trade; line of flavored all-natural super-premium 27% protein dog treats.


 the Company also launched
its PAWtizer&trade; line of wet wipes and spray
 the pet care industry&rsquo;s first alcohol-free
 anti-bacterial dog cleaner.



and is dependent upon additional financing to remain a going concern. Throughout 2012
 the Company obtained equity capital in the
amount of approximately $3
000
000 and continues to seek additional equity capital to sustain operations. The Company remains under
significant financial strain
 primarily because of its limited operating funds and a significant amount of past due debts. The
limited amount of operating capital may preclude the Company&rsquo;s ability to execute its manufacturing
 marketing
 and distribution
objectives or to continue operations. As a result
 the reports of the independent registered public accounting firms on the Company&rsquo;s
2012 and 2011 consolidated financial statements include explanatory paragraphs expressing substantial doubt regarding the Company&rsquo;s
ability to continue as a going concern.




innovative pet wellness products. The Company is also in the process of developing new products
 variations of existing products
and other items that will complement and enhance the Company&rsquo;s array of product offerings. The Company requires significant
additional financing to market
 manufacture and sell its existing products and to develop new products. Key components of the
Company&rsquo;s product offerings are described below:


The
Company has developed (and launched in 2013) the pet industry&rsquo;s first dog food product packaged as a nutritional food bar.
With three product lines targeting the super-premium dog food and dog treat segments

are the equivalent of 8 ounces of dry kibble in a 4 ounce bar. These bars offer a high protein meal or snack without the inconvenience

and provide essential nutrients optimized to promote a dog&rsquo;s nutrition
 health
 and vitality. 


    
    




quad segmented 4 ounce bars with digestive fiber enhancements in addition to functional vitamin and mineral supplementation. It
comes in original
 low fat and senior formulas.



25% protein and are supplemented with omega 3 fatty acid to promote healthy skin and coat. They are fortified with vitamin and
amino acids. The bars will also be a quad-segmented 4 ounce wrapped bar available singly
 as well as in full-color display cartons
of a dozen. They also come in original
 low fat
 and senior formulas.



27% high protein dog snacks will be made with the same nutritive ingredients as the food bars with additional flavorings added.
CHEWIES&trade; will be packaged in 8 ounce and 16 ounce re-sealable pouches containing approximately 32 and 64 bite sized pieces.



for the purpose of protecting the 53 million American families that are homes to 78 million dogs from infectious human germs such
as MRSA
 E. coli
 Salmonella and other bacteria that are innocently picked up by dogs and transferred to humans. PAWtizer&trade;
is the pet care industry&rsquo;s first alcohol-free anti-bacterial dog cleaner. With PAWtizer&trade;
 the Company is delivering
a product that research has shown to be more useful and effective than alcohol. PAWtizer&trade; is available in canisters of 100
and 45 count
 chemically treated wet wipes that have been shown to kill 99.9% of the germs resident on a typical dog paw. PAWtizer|&trade;
also comes in a convenient 8 ounce spray with Bitrex&reg; added. Bitrex&reg; is a &ldquo;bittering&rdquo; agent that will prevent
dogs from licking their paws and thus extending the reach of the antibacterial effects of PAWtizer&trade;.


in PAWtizer&trade; products is 0.13% Benzalkonium chloride
 a germ reducing agent that has been widely accepted for use as a topical
antiseptic for human cuts and scrapes and &ldquo;leave on skin&rdquo; cosmetics.



Indulgent pet parents will drive up demand for premium pet
food and services


rapidly with combined worldwide annual revenue of about $53 billion per year according to industry data provided by Tully and
Holland in 2012. According to the 2011-2012 APPA&rsquo;s (American Pet Products Manufacturers Association) National Pet Owners
Survey
 53


    
    



a $19.8 billion dollar a year market
 with $12.6 billion spent exclusively on dog foods and treats according to the Euromonitor
International 2011-2012 annual report. Euromonitor International breaks the market down as follows:

U.S. Pet Food
Sales 






    
    
    

    - 2012

    
    
    
$8.0
                                                                       &ndash; $8.8

    
    
    
$2.3
                                                            &ndash; $2.6 

Source: Euromonitor
International


estimates of the U.S. market size for dog foods and treats with $13.5 billion in 2012 and $12.7 billion in 2011.


and many other countries is experiencing solid growth as Americans own more pets than ever before. Growth in the sector is derived
both from increasing pet ownership
 as well as from increased spending per pet. Pet pampering is becoming the norm
 as pet owner
spending has moved far beyond simple food and grooming expenses to include innovative and specialized premium products. Accordingly
people increasingly view their pets as part of the family and are willing to spend even during difficult economic times.


more than one pet and dogs can be found in at least six out of ten homes. Other pet industry analysts are more optimistic. An
overall rise in the number of pets in the U.S. and increased spending per pet are the main factors that will contribute to the
pet&rsquo;s industry expected growth in the years ahead. Even with the overall economic recovery taking longer than expected
annual revenue growth in pet products and services is anticipated to be approximately 5.7% through 2016 according to the U.S.
Pet Market Outlook 2011/12. As the recovery takes hold
 U.S. Pet Market Outlook 2011/12 also anticipates that household disposable
income will rise even faster
 and spending on pets will pick up even more.


    
    





Food Production in the US: Market Research Report&quot;
 steady growth in pet ownership
 spikes in feed prices and increasing
demand from farm supplies wholesalers have contributed to industry revenue gains at an annualized rate of 4.2 percent since 2007.
&quot;The industry's future prospects are modest
 with slow but sustained growth anticipated through the next five years. The
forecast predicted a moderate increase in disposable incomes and
 subsequently
 pet ownership
 which will likely drive demand
for pet foods
 a segment typified by high profit margins and brand-loyal consumers
&rdquo; according to IBIS World industry analyst
Josh McBee. The recession did slow down the rate of growth of purchases
 but revenue expansion remained strongly positive throughout
the worst of the crisis. The stats reveal a CAGR (compound annual growth rate) of 6.7% from 1994 through 2010
 including 4.8%
in 2010.

Pet
 provides sustenance for pets in the U.S. and around the world. Americans
stood by their pets during the Great Recession in the 1930's
 with canine ownership growing despite falling personal disposable
income. As such
 IBIS World industry analyst Josh McBee expects &ldquo;that through 2017
 demand for pet foods is once again anticipated
to rise faster than GDP growth. A projected trend toward greater brand optimization will help manufacturers retain and expand
market share during the period. Pet food producers&rsquo; claims are increasingly mirroring those of human food makers
 touting
healthy enrichments produced without preservatives or artificial flavors.&rdquo; Furthermore
 natural and functional pet foods
have also increased in popularity. These products attract the highest margins
 and demand remains relatively resilient since they
target the premium segment of the buying market.


in commercial dog food is on the rise as the number of serious medical conditions in dogs grows.&nbsp;&nbsp;These concerns have
resulted in &ldquo;natural&rdquo; pet food becoming the double digit growth sector in the pet food industry.&nbsp;&nbsp;Statistics
show that more than 30 million dogs will have cardiac disease by the time they reach the age of 7.&nbsp;&nbsp;


 the fastest
growing segment of the companion animal market
 is pet healthcare
 with annual revenues of $34 billion (bigger than the toy
 pasta
and baby food industries combined)
 and growing at about 15% per year. &nbsp;People who are becoming educated regarding pet healthcare
are driving the domestic pet market
 which includes 78.5 million dogs in the U.S.&nbsp;&nbsp;Driving this growth are people that
tend to be at the top of their economic cycle and have a higher propensity to purchase healthy food products for their pets.&nbsp;&nbsp;AAPT&rsquo;s
super premium dog food bars and treats are specially formulated by a leading canine nutritionist and can be part of a diet that
decreases the impact of cardiac conditions
 musculoskeletal stress
 obesity
 and Type I diabetes.



$6.3 billion in 2012 according to Convenience Store News. The human food bar market demographics encompasses all age
 sex and
income brackets. Of the 78.5 million dog population in the U.S.
 management estimates the domestic market potential for dog food
bars at $300-$400 million.


    
    




treats. What sets CHEWIES&trade; apart from the competitors in the market space is its significant percentage of all natural super-premium
chicken meal protein; 27%. Additionally
 CHEWIES&trade; is a formula extension of the BARS
 which assures consumers of a product
their dogs will prefer while reducing the costs of manufacturing owing to utilization of common ingredients and manufacturing
equipment. CHEWIES&trade; is all natural
 but incorporates air borne aromatics to create a variety of unique flavors without impacting
its &ldquo;all natural&rdquo; credential. CHEWIES&trade; will be available in peanut
 cheese and bacon flavors packaged in vapor
blocking re-sealable 8 ounce and 16 ounce bags.



data for Pet Sanitizers. The Company believes that the consumer demographics of anti-bacterial dog paw wipes will be very similar
to the primary consumers of hand sanitizers and baby wipes. These markets are dominated by women aged 21-34
 new mothers and other
females aged 50 and up. Many sanitary wipe consumers live within households with annual household incomes in excess of $70
000.
Management believes that the demographics for the Pet Sanitizer business will be very similar to the hand sanitizer market. Approximately
$152 and $146 million was spent on hand sanitizers in 2012 and 2011
 respectively according to Drug Store Management. By extrapolating
this data to 62% of U.S. homes that have dogs
 management believes that the market potential for Pet Sanitizers is approximately
$40-$50 million.




in 2011 with the introduction of PAWtizer&trade;
 followed by the introduction of the three NutraBar&trade; lines in late 2012.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Company continues to build awareness for their brands
 mostly through electronic media and retail promotions.


a national distribution footprint that will benefit from regional and national marketing campaigns. The Company has approached
a broad range of mass merchants
 pet centers
 supermarket chains
 drug store chains
 and convenience store chains regarding selling
AAPT products in their stores.&nbsp;&nbsp;AAPT is currently an approved vendor to retail outlets with over 60
000 locations nationwide.&nbsp;&nbsp;In
addition to online sales through the nation&rsquo;s largest online retailer
 AAPT has developed a network of food brokers who
have strong relationships with national retail chains representing over 125
000 stores that carry pet food
 pet snacks and other
pet products.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company has also brought in outside merchandising experts to market and increase public awareness
of the Company&rsquo;s products.&nbsp;&nbsp;


on setting sales and delivery dates for new product lines. We commenced online sales of PAWtizer&trade; in May of 2012 and retail
sales of this product commenced in August 2012. We also commenced online sales and retail sales of NutraBar&trade; 2013. The Company
is anticipating additional purchases to result from its vendor status with these retailers in 2013 and beyond. The Company will
organically expand its sales from its core retailers to streamline introduction of other All American Pet Company products.


    
    



and the benefits that dogs will receive from them is an important aspect of AAPT&rsquo;s business.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company has
employed advanced media and promotional techniques to educate consumers about the health benefits of their revolutionary pet wellness
and dog food products.&nbsp;&nbsp;It is our belief that consumer education will lead to increased sales of our products.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
current media-driven tools AAPT is using include direct marketing and data gathering programs
 Internet marketing
 strategic media
promotional alliances
 traditional and non-traditional advertising campaigns
 and national
 local
 and print news interviews.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Company also intends to use loyalty mass mailers; &ldquo;end-cap&rdquo; displays and related sales promotions.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


combining Bars
 Treats and anti- bacterial wipes with products designed for intellectual (more informed) purchase choices as opposed
to emotional/impulse or novelty purchases
 while focusing more on mixed breeds and offering products to both the pet owner and
the pet. In order to reach the most convertible population of potential consumers at the lowest possible cost
 the Company intends
to initially use email
 direct mail
 twitter
 video campaigns and other low cost/high impact techniques supported by social media.

NutraBar&trade;

 Twitter
 video campaign and other low cost high impact techniques directed
at highly targeted lists of potential consumers within expected consumer demographics with simultaneous programs directed at Brand
Influencers/Ambassadors.



The Company
is dependent upon one non-affiliated prime contract manufacturer with three non-affiliated component manufacturers to produce
its PAWtizer&trade; product. The Company has one non-affiliated dry dog food manufacturer and one non-affiliated manufacturer
of its NutraBar&trade; product line. AAPT purchases approximately 90% of the materials necessary for the production of their products
from these third party sources.&nbsp;&nbsp;The other 10% of the materials necessary for production comes from various packaging
manufacturers
 shipping companies
 and other vendors of supplies.&nbsp;&nbsp;AAPT does not maintain supply agreements with these
parties
 but instead purchases products through the use of purchase orders in the ordinary course of business.&nbsp;&nbsp;AAPT
is currently manufacturing NutraBar&trade; with a &ldquo;human food grade&rdquo; forming machine. The Company has acquired a substantial
amount of the equipment necessary to become its own manufacturer at its leased facility in Shawnee
 Kansas and management expects
 quarter of 2013
 subject to the availability of sufficient
financing. The Company has also obtained the packaging and wrapping equipment necessary to wrap
 carton
 and case pack the NutraBar&trade;
lines for retail shipment and distribution. Management believes that there
is adequate space and resources in the Shawnee
 Kansas facility to execute all of these manufacturing objectives. 


    
    





all of the manufacturers
 distributors
 and marketers of pet food have substantially greater management
 financial
 brand recognition
research and development
 marketing
 and manufacturing resources than AAPT at the moment.&nbsp;&nbsp;Competitors in the super-premium
dog food market include
 among others: Colgate-Palmolive Co.
 whose major brand is Hills&rsquo; Science Diet; Proctor and Gamble
whose major dog food brands are IAM&rsquo;s and Eukanuba; and Nestle Corporation
 whose major dog food brand is Purina.



dog cleaners available in the marketplace. To the Company's knowledge
 none of these products are alcohol free and anti-bacterial.
Accordingly
 there are several somewhat similar products to PAWtizer&trade;
 but in the view of the Company none of these products
can be considered directly competitive in function and performance to the PAWtizer&trade; line of dog cleaners.



 we believe AAPT is the only
manufacturer of true food bars for dogs meeting the Association of American Feed Control Officials (AAFCO) standards of nutrition
to be called a &ldquo;food.&rdquo;




state and local laws and regulations intended to protect public health
 natural resources and the environment. Our operations
are subject to regulation by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (&ldquo;OSHA&rdquo;)
 the Food and Drug Administration
(&ldquo;FDA&rdquo;)
 the Department of Agriculture (&ldquo;DOA&rdquo;) and various state and local authorities regarding the processing
packaging
 storage
 distribution
 advertising and labeling of our products
 including food safety standards.&nbsp;Due to the widely
publicized pet food recalls in the last few years
 both our Company and our dog food suppliers are doing more quality assurance
testing for salmonella
 e-coli
 and other potential contaminants. A task force has been established to assert more stringent &ldquo;country
of origin&rdquo; labeling. We will be working with our suppliers and the FDA in solving this industry wide issue. In addition
we will require our suppliers to test all flour samples for salmonella and E.coli and with the new test curve set up to handle
contaminants. AAPT will also be researching amino acid profiling of new suppliers to validate the legitimacy of protein sources.




As of December 31
 2012
 the Company
had 16 employees.


    
    


ITEM 1A.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;RISK
FACTORS 

An investment in our securities involves
a high degree of risk. Before making a decision to purchase our securities
 you should carefully consider all of the risks described
in this annual report. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties
not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business and results of operations. If any
of these risks actually occur
 our business
 financial condition or results of operations could be seriously harmed. In that event
the market price for our common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment.


risks associated with its current plan of operations. These include the following:

Our business is difficult to evaluate
because we have a limited operating history. 


and has incurred losses in each period since commencing operations. From the time of our formation until the end of 2004
 we formulated
and tested our products. We did not begin to sell our products until the beginning of 2005 and were forced to stop manufacturing
and selling our products in 2007 due to a lack of funding.&nbsp;&nbsp;In 2011 and 2012
 we developed new products
 which to date
have generated limited revenues and the development of our business plan will require substantial capital expenditures. Our business
could be subject to any or all of the problems
 expenses
 delays and risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise
including
 but not limited to limited capital resources
 possible delays in product development
 possible cost overruns due to
price and cost increases in raw product and manufacturing processes
 uncertain market acceptance
 and the inability to respond
effectively to competitive developments and to attract
 retain and motivate qualified employees. Therefore
 there can be no assurance
that our business or products will be successful
 that we will be able to achieve or maintain a profitable operation
 or that
we will not encounter unforeseen difficulties that may deplete our capital resources more rapidly than anticipated. There can
be no assurance that we will achieve or sustain profitability or positive cash flows from our operating activities.

We have never generated any significant
revenues
 have a history of losses
 and cannot assure you that we will ever become or remain profitable. 



revenue from operations and
 accordingly
 we have incurred net losses every year since our inception. To date
 we have dedicated
most of our financial resources to general and administrative expenses
 and sales and marketing activities. We have funded all
of our activities through sales of our securities.&nbsp;&nbsp;We anticipate net losses and negative cash flow to continue for the
foreseeable future until such time as revenue is generated in sufficient amounts to offset operating costs.&nbsp;&nbsp;Due to limited
financial resources
 we have limited our sales and marketing efforts during the past year. Furthermore
 we have a significant working
capital deficit as of December 31
 2012. Consequently
 we will need to generate significant additional cash from financing activities
to fund our operations. This has put a proportionate corresponding demand on capital. Our ability to achieve profitability is dependent
upon our sales and marketing efforts
 and our ability to manufacture and sell our products. There can be no assurance that we will
ever generate revenues or that any revenues that may be generated will be sufficient for us to become profitable or thereafter
maintain profitability. We may also face unforeseen problems
 difficulties
 expenses or delays in implementing our business plan.


    
    


We have a significant amount of
past due debts.




 2012
 we have a working
capital deficit of $4
456
477. Furthermore
 given our poor financial position and lack of liquidity
 we have not fulfilled the
terms of numerous debt settlement agreements that we have previously made and we have not repaid amounts we have borrowed under
past note agreements. In addition
 the Company is delinquent in the filing and payment of Federal and state payroll taxes. Significant
management time and effort is required to manage past due debts and prioritizing cash payments made by the Company. Such obligations
make it difficult for the Company to raise equity or debt funds
 finance any capital expenditures
 obtain terms for normal business
operating expenses and
 generally
 to transact business.

We have limited
commercial experience in marketing or selling any of our products
 and unless we develop these capabilities
 we may not be successful.



our products on a large scale
 we have limited experience in operating our business in the volumes that will be necessary for
us to achieve commercial sales and in marketing or selling our products to potential customers. We cannot assure you that we will
be able to manufacture and deliver our products on a timely basis
 in sufficient quantities
 or on commercially reasonable terms.

We have been the subject of a going
concern opinion from our independent registered public accounting firm
 raising a substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern. 


firm included an explanatory paragraph in its audit report in connection with our 2012 financial statements stating that because
we have incurred a net loss of&nbsp;&nbsp;$3
006
767 and a negative cash flow from operations of&nbsp;&nbsp;$3
022
426 for the
year ended December 31
 2012 and had a working capital deficiency of&nbsp;&nbsp;$4
456
477 and a stockholders' deficiency of&nbsp;&nbsp;$4
571
339 at December 31
 2012
 there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.&nbsp;&nbsp;


on our ability to raise additional funds through private placements of our common stock or the issuance of debt securities sufficient
to pursue our business plan to meet our current obligations and to cover operating expenses during 2013 and into 2014. Without
immediate capital infusion in the near future
 and without a significantly substantial infusion of capital within a short time
thereafter
 we may be forced to limit our operations severely
 and may not be able to survive.&nbsp;&nbsp;There is no assurance
that we will be able to secure additional funding in the future
 and in the event we are unable to raise additional capital in
the near future
 it is probable that any investment in the Company will be lost.


    
    



and our business operations may fail if our actual cash requirements exceed our estimates
 and we are not able to obtain further
financing.


and as of December 31
 2012
 we have incurred significant expenses
 and have incurred a significant amount of debt
 in product
development and administration in order to ready our products for market. Our business plan calls for additional significant expenses
necessary to bring our products to market. We do not have sufficient funds to satisfy our near-term cash requirements.

We need significant additional funds
to maintain and develop our business. 


deficit. Our current capital resources are insufficient to fund operations at the present time
 and we will require substantial
additional capital in order to sustain our operations
 fund sales and marketing activities
 pay for the manufacture of our products
and implement our business plan. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on our ability to raise capital.


to arrange for one or more such financings
 we cannot assure you that we will successfully negotiate or obtain such additional
financing
 or that we will obtain financing on acceptable or favorable terms
 if at all. There are no commitments in place for
such financings at this time. If we cannot obtain needed capital
 when and as we need it
 our sales and marketing plans
 ability
to manufacture products for sale
 business
 prospects
 results of operations and financial condition and our ability to reduce
losses and generate profits are likely to be materially and adversely affected.


financings will be in the form of &ldquo;best efforts&rdquo; financings. Our ability to obtain additional capital depends on market
conditions
 the economy and other factors
 many of which are outside our control. If we cannot obtain needed capital
 our research
and development
 and marketing plans
 business and financial condition and our sales and marketing plans
 ability to manufacture
products for sale
 and ability to reduce losses and generate profits are likely to be materially and adversely affected.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our
failure to secure necessary financing would likely have a material adverse effect on our business
 prospects
 financial condition
and results of operations.

Exposure to possible litigation
and legal liability may adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 


 we have been exposed to a
variety of litigation claims and there can be no assurance that we will not be subject to other litigation in the future that
may adversely affect our business
 financial condition or results of operations.


    
    


The cost of maintaining our public
company reporting obligations is high. We expect to incur increased costs under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 


public filings and public reporting requirements
 on a timely basis
 under the rules and regulations of the SEC. In order to meet
these obligations
 we will need to continue to raise capital. If adequate funds are not available to us
 we will be unable to
comply with those requirements and could cease to be qualified to have our stock traded in a public market. As a public company
we have incurred and will incur significant legal
 accounting and other expenses. In addition
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
as well as related rules adopted by the SEC
 has imposed substantial requirements on public companies
 including certain corporate
governance practices and requirements relating to internal control over financial reporting. We expect these rules and regulations
to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming and costly. Effective disclosure
controls and procedures and internal controls are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important in
helping prevent financial fraud generally. If we are unable to achieve and maintain adequate disclosure controls and procedures
and internal controls
 our business and operating results could be harmed. As described in Item 9A
 as of December 31
 2012
 we
did not maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and we did not maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting.

Our stockholders face further potential
dilution in any new financing. 


 the Company issued a significant
number of shares of its common stock. Any additional equity that we raise would dilute the interest of the current stockholders
and any persons who may become stockholders before such financing. Given the low price of our common stock
 such dilution in any
financing of a significant amount could be substantial.&nbsp;

Our stockholders face further potential
adverse effects from the terms of preferred stock which may be issued in the future. 



or to engage in extraordinary transactions such as the acquisition of a business
 our Board of Directors may seek to issue additional
stock
 including preferred stock. Any preferred stock which we may issue may have voting rights
 liquidation preferences
 redemption
rights and other rights
 preferences and privileges. The rights of the holders of our common stock will be subject to
 and in many
respect subordinate to
 the rights of the holders of any such preferred stock. Furthermore
 such preferred stock may have other
rights
 including economic rights
 senior to our common stock that could have a material adverse effect on the value of our common
stock. Preferred stock
 while providing desirable flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes
can also have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire a majority of our outstanding voting stock
 thereby
delaying
 deferring or preventing a change in control of the Company.



    
    


Our small size and limited history
negatively affect our ability to raise capital. 


sources because of our relatively small capitalization
 our losses to date
 our current working capital position
 our lack of
sales and other factors.&nbsp;&nbsp;It is possible that we may not be able to raise sufficient funds in the future in order to
survive and pursue our business plan.

Attempts to grow our business could
have an adverse effect on the Company. 


 we desire to
grow rapidly in order to achieve certain economies of scale. To the extent that rapid growth does occur
 it will place a significant
strain on our financial
 technical
 operational and administrative resources. Our planned growth will result in increased responsibility
for both existing and new management personnel. Effective growth management will depend upon our ability to integrate new personnel
to improve our operational
 management and financial systems and controls
 to train
 motivate and manage our employees
 and to
increase our sources of raw materials
 product manufacturing and packaging. If we are unable to manage growth effectively
 our
business
 results of operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. In addition
 it is possible
that no growth will occur or that growth will not produce profits for the Company.

If we cannot successfully compete
with existing pet food companies that have greater resources than we have
 our business may not survive. 


all of the manufacturers
 distributors and marketers of pet food have substantially greater management
 financial
 research and
development
 marketing and manufacturing resources than we do. Competitors in the super-premium pet food market include
 among
others: Colgate-Palmolive Co. (Hills' Science Diet)
 Iams Co. and Nestle&rsquo;s Purina brands. Brand loyalty to existing products
may prevent us from achieving certain sales objectives. Additionally
 the long-standing relationships maintained by existing premium
pet food manufacturers with veterinarians and pet breeders may prevent us from obtaining professional recommendations for our
products. In addition
 we compete with private label supermarket dog foods
 as well as premium dog foods offered in the specialty
pet stores. Although the dominant existing premium pet food brands are not currently available in supermarkets and mass merchants
there can be no assurance that this situation will continue. In addition
 there are no barriers to prevent the entry of such brands
into the supermarket and mass merchant distribution channel
 and in the event we fail to meet sales goals determined by them for
our products they could cease shelving our products in their stores or replace our products with those of our competitors.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
entrance into the supermarket or mass merchant distribution channel of an existing or new premium pet food by any of our competitors
could have a material adverse effect on the Company. If we are not successful in competing in these markets
 we may not be able
to attain our business objectives.


    
    


If we are unable to market our products
to compete with new or existing products developed by well-established competitors
 our business will be negatively affected.



Mutt&trade; Great Food for Great Dogs and NutraBar&trade; brands is significantly dependent upon our ability to market
 develop
promote and deliver the brand.&nbsp;&nbsp;As is typical with new products
 demand for and market acceptance of new products is
subject to uncertainty. Achieving market acceptance for new products may require substantial marketing and other efforts
 and
the expenditure of significant funds to create customer demand. There can be no assurance that our efforts will be successful.
In addition
 the failure of new products to gain sufficient market acceptance could adversely affect the image of our brand name
and the demand for our products in the future.

If our products do not gain market
acceptance
 it is unlikely that we will become profitable. 


and subject to changing consumer preferences
 including sensitivities to product ingredients and nutritional claims. At this time
our products are largely unproven in the commercial arena. Market acceptance may depend on many factors
 including factors beyond
our control
 including but not limited to:





and

recommendations by pet owners

Increases in raw materials
 packaging
oil and natural gas costs and volatility in the commodity markets may adversely affect our results of operations. 


extent on the costs of raw materials
 packaging
 oil and natural gas
 and our ability to pass the costs of these materials onto
our customers. Historically
 market prices for commodity grains and food stocks have fluctuated in response to a number of factors
including economic conditions such as inflation
 changes in U.S. government farm support programs
 changes in international agricultural
trading policies
 impacts of disease outbreaks on protein sources and the potential effect on supply and demand as well as weather
conditions during the growing and harvesting seasons. Fluctuations in paper
 steel and oil prices
 which affect our costs for
packaging materials
 have resulted from changes in supply and demand
 general economic conditions and other factors. In addition
we have exposure to changes in the pricing of oil and natural gas
 which affects our manufacturing
 transportation and packaging
costs.


raw materials
 packaging
 or oil and natural gas expenses
 we may be required to charge higher selling prices for our products
to avoid margin deterioration. We cannot provide any assurances regarding the timing or the extent of our ability to successfully
charge higher prices for our products
 or the extent to which any price increase will affect future sales volumes.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our
results of operations may be materially and adversely affected by this volatility.


    
    


Restrictions imposed in reaction
to outbreaks of &quot;mad cow disease
&quot; &quot;foot-and-mouth
&rdquo; &quot;bird flu&quot; or other animal diseases could
adversely impact the cost and availability of our protein-based raw materials. 


used in our products has been adversely impacted in the past by the publicity surrounding bovine spongiform encephalopathy
 which
is also known as &quot;mad cow disease
&quot; and which is a terminal brain disease for cattle. Cases of bovine spongiform encephalopathy
were found in Europe
 among other areas
 in late 2000
 and in Canada and the United States in 2003. As a result of extensive global
publicity and trade restrictions imposed to provide safeguards against this disease
 the cost of alternative sources of the protein-based
raw materials used in our products
 such as soybeans
 pork meat and bone meal
 has from time to time increased significantly and
may increase again in the future if additional cases of bovine spongiform encephalopathy are found.


 an outbreak of foot-and-mouth
disease was discovered in Europe. Foot-and-mouth disease affects animals with cloven hooves
 such as cattle
 swine
 sheep
 goats
and deer. While foot-and-mouth disease is not considered a threat to humans
 people who come in contact with the virus can spread
it to animals.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any break out of foot-and-mouth disease could adversely affect the availability of our protein-based
raw materials.


 a case of highly pathogenic avian
influenza
 and commonly known as the &quot;bird flu
&quot; was detected in the United States. Highly pathogenic avian influenza
virus was identified as the H5N2 strain and
 while classified as highly virulent to birds
 has not been shown to affect humans
and is not related to the highly publicized H5N1 strain of the Asian highly pathogenic avian influenza virus. The H5N1 strain
of the Asian highly pathogenic avian influenza virus first emerged in Hong Kong in 1997
 re-emerged in 2003 in South Korea
 and
is known to have spread to China
 Vietnam
 Thailand
 Cambodia
 Laos
 Indonesia
 Turkey
 Romania
 Russia and Greece. 71 of the
approximately 138 people who are known to have contracted the virus associated with the H5N1 strain
 purportedly from exposure
to infected birds
 have died.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;In an effort to limit the spread of the H5N1 strain
 governmental authorities have
been ordering the destruction of infected flocks of birds and imposing bans against imports of poultry from countries where the
virus is known to exist. These measures may adversely impact the price and availability of our sources of chicken meal and other
protein-based raw materials used in our products.


 foot-and-mouth
disease
 highly pathogenic avian influenza or any other animal disease impacts the availability of the protein-based raw materials
used in our products
 we may be required to locate alternative sources for protein-based raw materials. We can give no assurance
that those sources would be available to sustain our sales volumes
 that these alternative sources would not be more costly or
that these alternative sources would not affect the quality and nutritional value of the All American Pet brand. If outbreaks
of bovine spongiform encephalopathy
 foot-and-mouth disease
 highly pathogenic avian influenza or any other animal disease or
the regulation or publicity resulting there from impacts the cost of the protein-based raw materials used in our products
 or
the cost of the alternative protein-based raw materials necessary for our products as compared to our current costs
 we may be
required to increase the selling price of our products to avoid margin deterioration. We can give no assurance regarding the timing
or the extent of our ability to successfully charge higher prices for our products
 or the extent to which any price increase
will affect future sales volumes.


    
    


We are dependent on third party
manufacturers who may not provide us with the quality competitive products at reasonable prices. 



human resources or capability to manufacture our own products.&nbsp;&nbsp;Until we obtain these resources and capabilities
 if
ever
 our business model calls for the outsourcing of the manufacturing of our products. We must enter into agreements with other
companies that can assist us and provide certain capabilities
 including sourcing and manufacturing
 which we do not possess. We
may not be successful in entering into such alliances on favorable terms or at all. Even if we do succeed in securing such agreements
we may not be able to maintain them. Furthermore
 any delay in entering into agreements could delay the production or commercialization
of our products or reduce their competitiveness even if they reach the market. Any such delay related to such future agreements
could adversely affect our business.


dependent on a limited number of non-affiliated third parties for the manufacture and production of our products.


prime contract manufacturer with three non-affiliated component manufacturers to produce its PAWtizer&trade; product. The Company
has one non-affiliated dry dog food manufacturer and one non-affiliated manufacturer of its NutraBar&trade; product line. We do
not maintain supply agreements with these parties
 but instead purchase products through the use of purchase orders in the ordinary
course of business. We will be substantially dependent on the ability of these parties to
 among other things
 meet our performance
and quality specifications. Failure by these parties to comply with these and other requirements could have a material adverse
effect on the Company. Furthermore
 these parties may not dedicate sufficient production capacity to meet our scheduled delivery
requirements
 and they may not have sufficient production capacity to satisfy our requirements during any period of sustained
demand. Their failure to supply
 or their delay in supplying us with products
 could have a material adverse effect on the Company.&nbsp;&nbsp;In
addition
 the success of our products is significantly dependent on mass merchant
 pet centers
 drug stores
 and supermarket demand
for our products
 and if we fail to secure orders from mass merchant
 pet centers
 drug stores or supermarkets for our products
(and any subsequent decrease in such orders) would have a material adverse effect on us.


    
    



 in March 2007
 The Federal
Food and Drug Administration announced that it found the chemical Melamine in pet foods manufactured in the United States. Melamine
a chemical banned in this country and used to make plastics and fertilizer in Asia was detected in wheat gluten used as an ingredient
in wet-style canned pet products. The FDA issued a recall of more than 100 brands of pet food
 which amounted to more than 60
million cans of tainted pet food. Because the melamine ingested food caused acute kidney failure
 the FDA confirmed about 15 pet
deaths
 however the number of pet deaths related to kidney failure was believed to be in the thousands.

If we or our customers are the subject
of product liability claims
 we may incur significant and unexpected costs and our business reputation could be adversely affected.



claims and adverse public relations if consumption or use of our products is alleged to cause injury or illness. Because the Company
self-insures its product liability exposures
 a product liability judgment against us or our agreement to settle a product liability
claim could also result in substantial and unexpected expenditures
 which could potentially require us to cease operations. In
addition
 even if product liability claims against us are not successful or are not fully pursued
 defending these claims would
likely be costly and time-consuming
 and may require management to spend time defending the claims rather than operating our business.
Product liability claims
 or any other events that cause consumers to no longer associate our brand with high quality and safety
may decrease the value of our brand and lead to lower demand for our products. Product liability claims may also lead to increased
scrutiny of our operations by federal and state regulatory agencies
 and could have a material adverse effect on our brands
 business
results of operations and financial condition.

We are subject to extensive governmental
regulation
 and our compliance with existing or future laws and regulations
 as well as the possibility of any mandatory product
recalls imposed by future regulations
 could cause us to incur substantial expenditures. 


state and local laws and regulations intended to protect public health
 natural resources and the environment. Our operations
are subject to regulation by OSHA
 the FDA
 the DOA and various state and local authorities regarding the processing
 packaging
storage
 distribution
 advertising and labeling of our products
 including food safety standards. Violations of or liability under
any of these laws and regulations may result in administrative
 civil or criminal penalties against us
 revocation or modification
of applicable permits
 environmental investigations or remedial activities
 voluntary or involuntary product recalls
 or cease
and desist orders against operations that are not in compliance. These laws and regulations may change in the future
 and we may
incur material costs in our efforts to comply with current or future laws and regulations or in any required product recalls.
These matters may have a material adverse effect on our business.


    
    


Negative publicity resulting from
recalls on pet foods in the United States could negatively affect the sales and marketability of our products. 


 the FDA discovered certain
contaminants in vegetable proteins imported into the United States from China.&nbsp;&nbsp;Subsequently
 the FDA began investigating
an imported rice protein concentrate that contained melamine
 which may have been used as an ingredient in some pet foods.&nbsp;&nbsp;As
a result of this investigation
 a number of dog food manufacturers recalled dog foods that contained the chemical melamine
 which
is banned in the United States
 in dog food that contained wheat gluten. Even though our products do not use wheat gluten
 any
recall of dog food products and resulting publicity or regulations may adversely affect the Company and the sales of our products.

If we experience product recalls
we may incur significant and unexpected costs and our business reputation could be adversely affected. 


adverse public relations if our products are alleged to cause injury or illness or if we are alleged to have violated governmental
regulations. A product recall could result in substantial and unexpected expenditures
 as well as sales declines
 which would
negatively impact our cash flows. In addition
 a product recall may require significant management attention. Product recalls
may damage the value of our brand and lead to decreased demand for our products. Product recalls may also lead to increased scrutiny
by federal
 state and local regulatory agencies
 and could have a material adverse effect on our brand
 business
 results of operations
and financial condition.

Our lack of product and business
diversity could inhibit our ability to adapt our business to industry changes and developments. 


business and other pet wellness products targeting dogs. Additionally
 our efforts to date have been concentrated in high-end
products and super-premium dry dog foods. Our current business plan is focused on the development
 manufacturing and sale of dog
sanitizers and nutrition treats. This lack of diverse business operations exposes us to significant risks. Our future success
may be dependent upon our success in developing and expanding our areas of concentration and upon the general economic success
of the dog food industry. In addition
 decline in the market demand for our products could have a material adverse effect on our
brand
 business
 results of operations and financial condition.

We are highly dependent upon our
marketing efforts. 


dependent on our ability to market our products to supermarkets
 grocery stores
 mass merchants
 drug stores
 and specialty pet
stores
 as well as the general public. We will be required to devote substantial management and financial resources to these marketing
and advertising efforts
 and it is possible we will not be successful in these efforts.


    
    


Nondisclosure agreements with employees
and others may not adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information. 


with our employees
 consultants
 agents and others to whom we disclose our proprietary information. These agreements may not effectively
prevent disclosure of confidential information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure
of confidential information. In addition
 others may independently discover trade secrets and proprietary information
 and in
such cases we could not assert any trade secret rights against such parties. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary
to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights
 and failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could
adversely affect our competitive business position. Since we rely on trade secrets and nondisclosure agreements to protect some
of our intellectual property
 there is a risk that third parties may obtain and improperly utilize our proprietary information
to our competitive disadvantage. We may not be able to detect unauthorized use or take appropriate and timely steps to enforce
our intellectual property rights.

If we lose our key personnel or
are unable to attract and retain additional personnel
 we may be unable to achieve profitability. 


on the efforts of our senior management
 particularly Barry Schwartz
 our Chief Executive Officer
 and a director of the Company;
and Lisa Bershan
 our President and a director of the Company. The loss of the services of either Mr. Schwartz or Ms. Bershan
who are husband and wife and are the only two Company directors
 may significantly delay or prevent the achievement of product
development and other business objectives. If we lose their services
 or do not successfully recruit key personnel
 the growth
of our business could be substantially impaired. At present
 we do not maintain key person insurance for any of our senior management.

The Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors
does not adequately provide management oversight and accountability.


is presently comprised of only two individuals and they are also the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer and President. Furthermore
these two individuals are husband and wife. As a result of this corporate structure
 the Board of Directors is not independent
of management
 and therefore
 has no ability to oversee management&rsquo;s financial and operational performance and hold management
accountable for the achievement of the Company&rsquo;s goals and objectives.

We may not be able to attract or
retain qualified senior personnel. 


our current business with our existing management team. However
 as we expand the scope of our operations
 we will need to obtain
the full-time services of additional senior management and other personnel. Competition for highly skilled personnel is intense
and there can be no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain qualified senior personnel. Our failure to do so could
have an adverse effect on our ability to implement our business plan.


    
    


Our common stock is thinly traded
and largely illiquid. 


the Counter (&ldquo;Pink Sheets&rdquo;). Being quoted on the Pink Sheets has made it more difficult to buy or sell our stock and
from time to time has led to a significant decline in the frequency of trades and trading volume. Continued trading on the Pink
Sheets will also likely adversely affect the Company&rsquo;s ability to obtain financing in the future due to the decreased liquidity
of the Company&rsquo;s shares and other restrictions that certain investors have for investing in Pink Sheets&nbsp;&nbsp;traded
securities. While the Company intends to seek listing on the NASDAQ Stock Market (&ldquo;NASDAQ&rdquo;) or another stock exchange
when the Company is eligible
 there can be no assurance when or if the Company&rsquo;s common stock will be listed on NASDAQ or
another stock exchange.

The market price of our stock is
subject to volatility. 


 its
price can change dramatically over short periods
 even in a single day. An investment in our stock is subject to such volatility
and
 consequently
 is subject to significant risk. The market price of our common stock could fluctuate widely in response to
many factors
 including:


announcements




announcements
                                                                                     of new products or new customers by us or




actual or
                                                                                     anticipated variations in our operating results
                                                                                     due to the level of development expenses




conditions




general economic
                                                                                     political and market conditions and other




the occurrence




    
    


You may have difficulty selling
our shares because they are deemed &ldquo;penny stocks&rdquo;. 


on the NASDAQ Global Market or NASDAQ Capital Market or listed on a national securities exchange
 if the trading price of our
common stock remains below $5.00 per share
 trading in our common stock will be subject to the requirements of certain rules promulgated
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
 which require additional disclosure by
broker-dealers in connection with any trades involving a stock defined as a penny stock (generally
 any non-NASDAQ equity security
that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share
 subject to certain exceptions). Such rules require the delivery
 prior to
any penny stock transaction
 of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated therewith and
impose various sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell penny stocks to persons other than established customers
and accredited investors (generally defined as an investor with a net worth in excess of $1
000
000 or annual income exceeding
$200
000 individually or $300
000 together with a spouse). For these types of transactions
 the broker-dealer must make a special
suitability determination for the purchaser and have received the purchaser&rsquo;s written consent to the transaction prior to
the sale. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to the broker-dealer
 current bid and offer quotations
for the penny stock and
 if the broker-dealer is the sole market maker
 the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer&rsquo;s
presumed control over the market. Such information must be provided to the customer orally or in writing before or with the written
confirmation of trade sent to the customer. Monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny
stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers
by such requirements could discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our common stock
 which could severely limit
the market liquidity of the common stock and the ability of holders of the common stock to sell their shares.

We have not and do not anticipate
paying dividends in the foreseeable future. 


date with respect to our common stock. We do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future since
we will use all of our earnings
 if any
 to finance expansion of our operations. However
 we are authorized to issue preferred
stock and may in the future pay dividends on the preferred stock that may be issued.

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS







located at 1100 Glendon Ave
 Floor
 Los Angeles
 California 90024. The Company leases 1
000 square feet of office
space for $5
326 per month for its corporate offices on a month-to-month lease. The Company also subleases 19
000 square feet
of a 33
000 square foot warehouse located at 8310 Hedge Lane Terrace
 Shawnee
 Kansas.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

The Company
utilizes the Shawnee premises for light manufacturing
 business offices and warehouse storage facilities.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Shawnee
facility lease commenced on April 16
 2012 and runs for a 5 year minimum term with monthly rent of $8
371
 taxes of $2
336
 insurance
of $218
 and $110 in common area maintenance fees
 plus utilities

the entire property at the expiration of the third year of the lease at a price based upon the most current assessment of the
County Appraiser&rsquo;s office and on terms acceptable to the Lessor and us.


    
    





former employees
 and a promissory noteholder.




 2011
 one vendor had
a settlement agreement for $20
000. During 2012
 six vendors made claims or were awarded judgments against the Company for a total
of $364
473
 and related payments of $2
000 were made. The balance outstanding to these vendors at December 31
 2012
 was $382
473
and such amount has been accrued for in the Company&rsquo;s December 31
 2012 consolidated balance sheet.



 2012
 a vendor filed an action
against the Company and certain officers as individuals for an original $150
000 judgment previously awarded in arbitration
 4.75%
interest
 legal fees of $49
950
 and other fees of $4
981. The action has not been heard by a court. The Company has recognized
$221
463 in its December 31
 2012 consolidated balance sheet relating to this matter.




 2011
 six former employees
made claims or were awarded judgments against the Company for a total of $211
961. During 2012
 one former employee entered into
a settlement agreement for $50
000
 and there were no payments. The balance outstanding at December 31
 2012 was $268
245
 and
includes accrued interest. Such amount has been accrued for in the Company&rsquo;s December 31
 2012 consolidated balance sheet.


 2010
 the Company settled
litigation with one of the six former employees. Terms of the settlement required the former employee to place 400
000 shares
of Company stock valued at $52
000 in an escrow account in exchange for an initial payment of $8
000 and 27 monthly payments of
$1
571. The Company will receive the shares of Common stock after all of the payments have been made. The Company made no payments
in 2012 and $3
342 in 2011. The outstanding balance at December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $31
432.


 2011
 through mediation
the Company settled litigation with one of the former six former employees. Terms of the settlement required the former employee
to place 750
000 shares of Company stock valued at $90
000 in an escrow account in exchange for 14 monthly payments of $6
576.
The Company will receive the shares of Common stock after all of the payments have been made. The Company made no payments in
2012 and $2
069 in 2011. The outstanding balance at December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $90
000.



 2013
 All American Pet Company
&nbsp;Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) filed an action entitled All American Pet Company
 Inc. vs. Eric Grushkin et al
 in the
Superior Court of the State of California
 County of Los Angeles
 West District against defendant Eric Grushkin (Case Number: SC119776).
&nbsp;As previously announced
 on January 11
 2013
 &nbsp;the Company was made aware that a former employee sent communications
that contained intentionally misleading and harmful disclosures as well as confidential information regarding the Company to a
selected group of shareholders. These communications included allegations that the Company&rsquo;s chief executive officer and
president engaged in acts of malfeasance
 misfeasance and negligence in the management and conduct of the Company business. The
Company believes that this employee made multiple unauthorized disclosures of confidential information and misinformation to these
shareholders on January 10
 2013 and thereafter. The complaint seeks damages and injunctive relief for:







    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
violation of computer fraud and abuse act
 and




    
    
    



to U.S. District Court and then to Dismiss have been denied. Other motions by the defendant have also been denied. This matter
is currently pending in California State Court.


    
    





 2012
 the Company settled
litigation with the holder of a promissory note for $300
000. Interest accrues at 8%. Terms of the settlement require quarterly
payments of $30
000 beginning October 1
 2012. Total payments during 2012 were $80
000. The outstanding balance as of December
31
 2012
 was $227
281 inclusive of accrued interest.


 the noteholder
can enter a stipulated judgment against the Company and certain officers as individuals in the amount of $1
197
190. As of the
date of this filing
 the Company has not made the required January 1 or April 1
 2013 payments and the noteholder has not filed
the stipulated judgment against the Company.


 we are involved in
other litigation arising in the normal course of business. Management believes that resolution of these other matters will not
result in any payment that
 in the aggregate
 would be material to our financial position or results of operations.





ITEM&nbsp;5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASE OF EQUITY SECURITIES 





high and low bid prices for the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 quoted under the symbol &ldquo;AAPT.PK&rdquo;
 for the last two fiscal
years as reported by OTCMarkets.com.



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



 2013
 there were approximately
269 holders of record of our common stock.




a cash dividend to stockholders. The board of directors presently intends to retain any earnings
 which may be generated in the
future to finance Company operations.


    
    






 Inc. was initially
organized under the laws of the State of New York (&ldquo;All American Pet Company
 Inc. NY&rdquo;) in February 2003. In January
2006
 All American Pet Company
 Inc. NY merged into All American Pet Company
 Inc. a Maryland Corporation (&ldquo;All American
Pet Company

 Inc. MD was formed under Maryland law on January
4
 2006 with 50
000
000 authorized shares of common stock and 10
000
000 authorized shares of preferred stock. On October 13
 2009
All American Pet Company
 Inc.
 MD
 held a stockholders&rsquo; meeting and the stockholders voted to increase the authorization
of common stock from 50
000
000 shares to 250
000
000 shares.&nbsp;&nbsp;On February 28
 2011
 All American Pet Company
 Inc. MD
held a stockholders meeting and voted to increase the authorized number of $0.001 par value Common stock from 250
000
000 to 500
000

June 2012
 All America Pet Company
 Inc. MD merged into a Nevada Corporation
 All American Pet Company
 Inc. Concurrent with the
merger into All American Pet Company
 Inc.
 the Board of Directors voted to increase the authorized number of common shares outstanding
to 1
010
000
000. In June 2013
 our authorized number of common shares was increased to 3
000
000
000.


Private Offerings of Common Shares





 2012
the Company received and accepted subscriptions for 285
544
000 shares of unregistered common stock at $0.01 per share. The sale
of equity securities resulted in a capital increase of $ 3
012
441
 after offering costs. The Company recorded a $677
156 common
stock payable at December 31
 2012 to reflect the value of the 77
598
571 of common shares not yet issued for cash receipts and
$187
894 of common stock value earned by various consultants during the year ended December 31
 2012. As of December 31
 2012
there were 695
494
866 shares issued and outstanding.







 2009
 the Company entered
into an agreement with the two preferred stockholders to convert all 56
500 shares of Series &ldquo;A&rdquo; Preferred shares held
by them in exchange for 5
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock (the &ldquo;Share Guarantee&rdquo;).&nbsp;&nbsp;The
delivery of the common stock to the preferred stockholders took place in March 2009 and the Company was released by the stockholders
from any and all future claims and liabilities. The preferred stockholders have the right to sell the common stock at a rate of
1
250
000 in the aggregate every 90 days starting May 15
 2009 and the right to sell at will after March 31
 2010. The Company
has agreed that the total value of the shares sold over the Liquidation Period
 which is defined as the period from May 15
 2009
to April 30
 2010
 to be at a minimum of $800
000 or the market value of 5
000
000 shares at $0.16 per share. If the value of the
shares sold during the Liquidation Period is less than $800
000
 then the Company will have the right to purchase any unsold shares
at a price of $0.16 per share. If the gross proceeds from all sales is still less than $800
000 then the Company shall have the
right and not the obligation to make up the difference by making a cash payment on or before May 31
 2010.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
no later than June 15
 2010
 the Company is obligated to issue an additional 3
000
000 shares of the common stock in total to these
stockholders if the sales proceeds and any additional payments made by the Company is less than $800
000.


to extend the Liquidation Period described above to March 31
 2011 and those amendments required the Company to issue 6
000
000
shares of common stock with a fair value of $400
000 in 2010. In connection with the Share Guarantee
 the Company recognized an
additional expense
 and a corresponding accrued liability
 of $600
000 in 2010.


 the Share Guarantee was
amended
 subject to the Company&rsquo;s ability to satisfy certain required payments and other conditions. As the Company did not
satisfy its contractual obligations
 the amendment was cancelled and became null and void.


obligations under the Share Guarantee terminated in 2011
 management intends to fulfill the Company&rsquo;s obligations under the
related agreements and amendments.&nbsp; Based on the $800
000 amount of the guarantee
 amounts realized by the counterparties
from selling related shares
 and the number of shares the counterparties have left to sell
 management estimates the Company&rsquo;s
obligation under the Share Guarantee to be $400
000 as of December 31
 2012.


    
    







2011.&nbsp;&nbsp;As of December 31
 2012
 the Company has 5
000
000 warrants outstanding with a weighted average exercise price
per share of $0.17. The warrants were issued to the Chief Executive Officer and the President and expire in August 2018.





on April 6
 2010
 the Company settled litigation with a former controller in which the former controller agreed to return 400
000
shares of Company stock valued at $52
000 in exchange for $8
000 and payments of $1
571 over a 27 month period. The former controller
delivered the shares to an escrow agent and the escrow agent will return all of the shares to the Company once all of the payments
are made to the former employee.&nbsp;&nbsp; In addition
 on February 3
 2011
 through mediation
 the Company and a Federal Bankruptcy
Trustee settled litigation with a former sales person in which the former employee would return 750
000 shares of Company stock
valued at $90
000 in exchange for payments of $92
069 over a 14 month period. The Federal Bankruptcy trustee will return all of
the shares to the Company once all of the payments are made to the Bankruptcy Trustee.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company has recorded a $90
000
liability to the former sales person and a $90
000 common stock receivable for the shares being held by the bankruptcy trustee.
As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 common stock receivable aggregated $142
000.

Common Shares to Vendors and Consultants



 2011
the Company did not issue shares of common stock to consultants
 vendors and/or professionals for services rendered. During the
year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company issued 10
650
000 shares of unregistered common stock with a fair value of $187
894 to
consultants
 vendors and/or professionals for services rendered.


    
    





On March 6
2012
 the Board of Directors
 comprised of the Chief Executive Officer and the President
 who are husband and wife
 authorized
the Company to execute a Convertible Revolving Grid Note for a principal sum of up to $1
000
000 with the Chief Executive Officer
Barry Schwartz and the President
 Lisa Bershan. The Grid note bears interest at 10% per year and may be converted into common stock
of the Company at a conversion price of $0.0022 any time before March 6
 2013. On March 1
 2013
 this Note was renewed with the
following changes to the terms: Interest rate was lowered to 6.5% per year and the maturing date was amended to be due and payable
not later than 48 months from the original issue date of the Revolving Grid Note. See Form 8-K filed on March 1
 2013. As of December
31

 no advances on the Note were made. As of June 14
 2013
 a total of $521

advanced to the Company on this Grid Note whereby increasing the holders&rsquo; beneficial ownership by 236
818
181 shares of common
stock. As of June 14
 2013
 no portion of this Note has been converted into shares of common stock. 




 2012
the Company made advances to
 and received advances from
 an entity owned by the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer. These
advances are not collateralized and do not bear interest. As of December 31
 2012
 no amounts are due from and no amounts are due
to this related entity.

Securities Authorized for Issuance
Under Equity Compensation Plans 


Non-Qualified Professional
 Consultant
 &amp; Employee Stock Compensation Plan on September 8


 consultants
and employees that have previously rendered services or that will render services during the&nbsp;term&nbsp;of the 2010 Plan.
The total number of shares of common stock to be subject to this Plan is 35
000
000.


Board of Directors
 subject to the Company&rsquo;s Bylaws
 all decisions made by the Directors in selecting eligible Common Stockholders
establishing the number of shares
 and construing the provisions of this Plan shall be final and conclusive. Shares shall be granted
only to Professionals
 Consultants and Employees that are within that class for which Form S-8 is applicable.



 2012
and 2011
 no common shares were issued under the Plan.


Purchases of Equity Securities by the
Issuer or Affiliated Purchasers 



ITEM 6.&nbsp;&nbsp;SELECTED FINANCIAL
DATA 


S-K
 smaller reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this section.


    
    


ITEM 7.&nbsp;&nbsp;MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 





 Inc. (&ldquo;AAPT&rdquo;
and the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) is a developer and marketer of innovative pet wellness products including super premium dog foods
and antibacterial wipes. In 2011
 AAPT produced
 marketed
 and sold two super-premium dog foods under the brand names Grrr-nola&reg;Natural
Chompions&reg;
were the first dog food products that were formulated for canine heart health and endorsed by a veterinary cardiac surgeon. The
Company has launched its line of PAWtizer&trade; pet wipes and spray
 the pet care industry&rsquo;s first alcohol-free anti-bacterial
dog cleaner. The Company has also announced and is preparing to market its Mutt&trade; Great Food for Great Dogs super premium
dry kibble dog food
 and its NutraBars&trade; line of portable
 convenient and functional
 super premium 4 ounce dog food bars.
Each 4 ounce bar has a kcal equivalent of 8 ounces of super premium dry dog food.

History of the Company and its Current
Status


 Inc. was initially
organized under the laws of the State of New York (&ldquo;All American Pet Company
 Inc. NY&rdquo;) in February 2003. In January
2006
 All American Pet Company
 Inc. NY merged into All American Pet Company
 Inc. a Maryland Corporation (&ldquo;All American
Pet Company
 Inc. MD&rdquo;). In June of 2012
 All America Pet Company Inc. merged (the &ldquo;Merger&rdquo;) into a Nevada Corporation
(&ldquo;All American Pet Company
 Inc.&rdquo;). The Company has formed a number of wholly owned subsidiaries to provide for accountability
of each of its operations. All American PetCo
 Inc. was formed in January of 2008 to provide corporate infrastructure and management
services. All American Pet Brands
 Inc. was formed in April of 2009 to conduct the Company&rsquo;s warehousing and manufacturing
operation. In September of 2009 the Company signed a license and distribution agreement with AAP Sales and Distribution Inc.
 a
third party company that obtained the rights to manufacture and sell certain of the Company&rsquo;s products on a non-exclusive
basis. AAP Sales and Distribution Inc.&rsquo;s operations have been consolidated with All American Pet Company
 Inc. based on accounting
guidelines for Variable Interest Entities. As used in this report
 the terms &ldquo;The Company&rdquo; and &ldquo;AAPT&rdquo; refers
to All American Pet Company
 Inc. MD before the Merger
 and to All American Pet Company
 Inc.
 and its wholly owned subsidiaries
and Variable Interest Entities after the Merger.



and is dependent upon additional financing to remain a going concern. Although the Company obtained approximately $3
000
000 from
the sale of the Company&rsquo;s unregistered common stock during 2012
 the Company requires substantial capital to execute its
business plan and pay its debts. The Company remains under significant financial strain primarily because of its low level of sales
past due debts and limited operating funds. The limited amount of operating capital may preclude the Company&rsquo;s ability to
execute its manufacturing
 marketing
 and distribution objectives or to continue operations. No assurance can be given that the
Company will secure adequate funds to sustain operations or that it will continue as a going concern.


    
    



1100 Glendon Ave.
 Floor
 Los Angeles
 California 90024 and our telephone number at that location is
(310)&nbsp;689-7355.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our websites are 
 
 
 
 
 
 
. The information on our websites are
not
 and shall not be deemed to be
 a part of this report or incorporated by reference into this or any other filing we make
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;).


Liquidity
 Capital Resources and Going
Concern


from our working capital needs
 including the cost of goods
 inventory
 marketing
 officer compensation and payroll and general
and administrative costs. In the future
 we intend to fund our liquidity requirements through a combination of cash flows from
operations and external financings.


been sales of equity securities and borrowings. To meet our current requirements to operate
 the Company has sold unregistered
common stock and is currently attempting to undertake the sale of additional equity securities. As new funds are obtained
 our
principal uses of capital are to meet our operating requirements
 production
 marketing and advertising expenditures
 and make
investments in inventory and equipment. Additional funds could be used to reduce past due taxes and other debts and payables. Until
cash generated from operations is sufficient to satisfy our future liquidity requirements
 we will be investigating purchase order
and accounts receivable funding from different sources
 as well as other sources of capital. We will also be looking to seek equity
capital through the issuance of additional common stock. As of December 31
 2012
 there were no commitments or other known sources
for this funding other than a $1
000
000 credit facility commitment from the Company&rsquo;s
 Chief Executive Officer
 Barry Schwartz
and President
 Lisa Bershan

 2013
 this credit facility
was renewed with the following changes to the terms: Interest rate was lowered to 6.5% per year and the maturing date was amended
to be due and payable not later than 48 months from the original issue date of the Revolving Grid Note. As of December 31
 2012

 2013
 a total of $521


818
181 shares of the




    
    



ability to adequately market our products
 the Company has experienced slotting fees in excess of gross sales
 and incurred high
costs in manufacturing and marketing our products. Further
 the Company has incurred significant fixed costs
 including officer
compensation
 occupancy and public company costs. As a result
 we have experienced large operating losses and negative cash flow.
We have funded our operations primarily through the issuance of equity securities and debt. Additional capital infusions will
be needed to manufacture
 distribute and promote our products
 sustain operations and make payments and settlements of existing
debts and obligations. We believe that our future profitability will depend on the commercial and consumer acceptance of our products
effective marketing strategies
 efficient production and proper execution of our business plan
 as to all or any of which
 no
assurance can be given. Additionally
 success with our external financing strategies will be needed to effectuate our business
plans. Our limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our prospects for success and our revenue and profitability
potential
 particularly for newly introduced products
 is unproven. Furthermore
 there can be no assurance that our external financing
strategies will yield any capital or the amount of capital necessary to execute our business plan.


consolidated financial statements
 our independent registered public accounting firm included an explanatory paragraph expressing
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.

Results of Operations for the Year
Ended December 31
 2012 compared with the Year Ended December 31
 2011


of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto for each of the years
ended December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011 included in this Annual Report.


 2012
gross sales decreased $35
Grrr-nola&reg;

PAWtizer&trade; and NutraBar&trade;. Net sales for the year ended December 31
 2012 increased $106
854 over the prior year due
to the absence of slotting fees in 2012. Cost of goods sold decreased from $58
670 to $10
463 in the year ended December 31
 2012
consistent with the decrease of sales. Sales in 2012 related principally to sales of PAWtizer&trade; and the Company&rsquo;s
gross margin on these sales was 58%. 


 2012
sales and marketing expenses increased by $65
872
 from $417
208 in the year ended December 31
 2011 to $483
080 in the year ended
December 31
 2012. The increase is attributable to advertising expenses required to bring two new products

and NutraBar&trade;




increased by $1
202
477
 from $1
512
550 in the year ended December 31
 2011 to $2
715
027 in the year ended December 31
2012. This increase is primarily attributable to an increase of executive compensation in the amount of $341
172
 increased
facility expense for the Shawnee
 Kansas factory and warehouse of $343
648
 and increased payroll expense of $343
706
required to bring the new products to market.




 2012
the Company recognized a gain on debt forgiveness to a former officer in the amount of $131
911
 which was partially offset by
other losses attributable to settlements and judgments resulting in a net gain on forgiveness of debt of $79
851. The Company also
recognized a gain of $200
000 attributable to an adjustment to the Share Guarantee liability as discussed in Item 5.



    
    



an inventory balance of PAWtizer&trade; in the amount of $715
869 by December 31
 2012. Investments in machinery and equipment
grew from $2
542 as of December 31
 2011 to $69
366 as of December 31
 2012 consistent with the build-out of facilities necessary
to begin production of NutraBar&trade;. Deposits were made for other production equipment not received by December 31
 2012 in
the amount of $79
490.

Impact of Recently Issued Accounting
Statement 


Financial Statements &ndash; &ldquo;New Accounting Pronouncements.&rdquo;

Critical
Accounting Policies/Estimates
Our consolidated financial statements
are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In preparing these financial
statements
 we make assumptions
 judgments and estimates that can have a significant impact on amounts reported in our financial
statements. We base our assumptions
 judgments and estimates on historical experience and various other factors that we believe
to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions
or conditions. On a regular basis we evaluate our assumptions
 judgments and estimates and make changes accordingly. We believe
that
 of the significant accounting policies discussed in our consolidated financial statements
 the following accounting policies
require our most difficult
 subjective or complex judgments:

Revenue Recognition
 Sales Incentives
and Slotting Fees 

title to the customer
 typically upon product pick-up
 shipment or delivery to customers.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company&rsquo;s revenue
arrangements with its customers often include sales incentives and other promotional costs such as coupons
 volume-based discounts
slotting fees and off-invoice discounts.&nbsp;&nbsp;These costs are typically referred to collectively as &ldquo;trade spending.&rdquo;
Pursuant to ASC Topic 605
 these costs are recorded when revenue is recognized and are generally classified as a reduction of
revenue. Slotting fees refer to arrangements pursuant to which the retail grocer allows our products to be placed on the store&rsquo;s
shelves in exchange for a slotting fee. Given that there are no written contractual commitments requiring the retail grocers to
allocate shelf space for twelve months
 we expense the slotting fee at the time orders are first shipped to customers.



in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 718
 which requires the Company to recognize expenses related to the fair value of
its employee stock option awards. &nbsp;This eliminates accounting for share-based compensation transactions using the intrinsic
value and requires instead that such transactions be accounted for using a fair-value-based method. The Company recognizes the
cost of all share-based awards on a graded vesting basis over the vesting period of the award.


    
    



goods or services are the consideration received for the issuance of equity instruments are accounted for based on the fair value
of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued
 whichever is more reliably measurable. The measurement
date of the fair value of the equity instrument issued is the earlier of the date on which the counterparty&rsquo;s performance
is complete or the date on which it is probable that performance will occur.

ITEM 8.&nbsp;&nbsp;FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 


to F-25.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 



ITEM&nbsp;9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES



 with the participation
of the Company&rsquo;s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
 has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s
disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)) as of the end of the period covered by this report. In designing and evaluating
the disclosure controls and procedures
 management recognized that any controls and procedures
 no matter how well designed and
operated
 can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives and management is required to apply
its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on such evaluation
 the Company&rsquo;s
Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have concluded that as of December 31
 2012
 the Company&rsquo;s disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective
 at the reasonable assurance level
 in recording
 processing
 summarizing and reporting
on a timely basis
 information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange
Act and in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the
Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company&rsquo;s management
 including the Chief Executive Officer and Principal
Financial and Accounting Officer
 as appropriate to allow timely discussions regarding required disclosure; due to the material
weaknesses described below.


below
 we performed additional analysis and other post-closing procedures to ensure that our consolidated financial statements
were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly
 we believe that the financial statements
included in this report fairly present
 in all material respects
 our consolidated financial condition
 results of operations
changes in stockholders&rsquo; equity and cash flows for the periods presented.


    
    


Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 


for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies
and procedures that:



    
    
Pertain to the maintenance of
    records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company;
    




    
    
Provide reasonable assurance that
    transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles
    generally accepted in the United States of America
 and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only
    in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 




    
    
Provide reasonable assurance regarding
    prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the Company&rsquo;s assets that could have
    a material effect on our financial statements. 



(within the meaning of Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (&ldquo;PCAOB&rdquo;) Auditing Standard No.&nbsp;5) or combination
of control deficiencies
 that results in a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial
statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.


of our management
 including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
 we conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31

&ndash; Integrated Framework 
Based on the results of management&rsquo;s assessment and evaluation
 our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial
Officer concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective due to the material weaknesses described
below.


Inadequate
.
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               did not consistently
                                                                                                               maintain a sufficient
                                                                                                               complement of personnel
                                                                                                               with an appropriate
                                                                                                               level of accounting
                                                                                                               knowledge
 SEC
                                                                                                               experience and
                                                                                                               training to (i)
                                                                                                               ensure the timely
                                                                                                               and accurate preparation
                                                                                                               of interim and
                                                                                                               annual financial
                                                                                                               statements in accordance
                                                                                                               with accounting
                                                                                                               principles generally
                                                                                                               accepted in the
                                                                                                               United States of
                                                                                                               America (U.S. GAAP)
                                                                                                               (ii) effectively
                                                                                                               segregate certain
                                                                                                               incompatible functions
                                                                                                               and (iii) remediate
                                                                                                               previously communicated
                                                                                                               deficiencies. In
                                                                                                               addition
 the Company
                                                                                                               placed substantial
                                                                                                               reliance on manual
                                                                                                               procedures and
                                                                                                               detective controls
                                                                                                               that lacked adequate
                                                                                                               management monitoring
                                                                                                               for compliance.


    
    





    
    
We did not maintain an effective control environment. Specifically
 we did not maintain: (i) a documented risk assessment process that adequately addresses COSO objectives
 (ii) sufficient anti-fraud controls
 including a whistleblower program
 formal written policies and procedures for the review and approval of transactions with related parties
 a qualified and independent audit committee
 and directors that are independent of management
 (iii) adequate monitoring of existing controls over financial reporting and individual and corporate performance against expectations
 (iv) appropriate human resource policies
 such as background investigations and consistent performance reviews for key personnel
 and (v) adequate documentation of actions taken by the Board regarding: fraud oversight
 review and approval of external financial statements
 actions supporting executive performance and compensation.




Period-end
                                                                                                                             financial
                                                                                                                             reporting
.
                                                                                                                             Effective
                                                                                                                             controls
                                                                                                                             over
                                                                                                                             period-end
                                                                                                                             financial
                                                                                                                             reporting
                                                                                                                             processes
                                                                                                                             were
                                                                                                                             not
                                                                                                                             maintained
                                                                                                                             to
                                                                                                                             effectively
                                                                                                                             ensure:
                                                                                                                             (i)
                                                                                                                             significant
                                                                                                                             agreements
                                                                                                                             or
                                                                                                                             amendments
                                                                                                                             thereto
                                                                                                                             are
                                                                                                                             analyzed
                                                                                                                             and
                                                                                                                             accurately
                                                                                                                             accounted
                                                                                                                             for
                                                                                                                             in
                                                                                                                             the
                                                                                                                             proper
                                                                                                                             period
                                                                                                                             (ii)
                                                                                                                             key
                                                                                                                             reconciliations
                                                                                                                             account
                                                                                                                             analyses
                                                                                                                             and
                                                                                                                             summaries
                                                                                                                             are
                                                                                                                             performed
                                                                                                                             and
                                                                                                                             approved
                                                                                                                             with
                                                                                                                             appropriate
                                                                                                                             resolution
                                                                                                                             of
                                                                                                                             reconciling
                                                                                                                             items
                                                                                                                             in
                                                                                                                             a
                                                                                                                             timely
                                                                                                                             manner
                                                                                                                             (iii)
                                                                                                                             journal
                                                                                                                             entries
                                                                                                                             both
                                                                                                                             recurring
                                                                                                                             and
                                                                                                                             non-recurring
                                                                                                                             are
                                                                                                                             analyzed
                                                                                                                             and
                                                                                                                             approved
                                                                                                                             (iv)
                                                                                                                             the
                                                                                                                             resulting
                                                                                                                             financial
                                                                                                                             information
                                                                                                                             statements
                                                                                                                             and
                                                                                                                             disclosures
                                                                                                                             are
                                                                                                                             reviewed
                                                                                                                             and
                                                                                                                             appropriate
                                                                                                                             checklists
                                                                                                                             are
                                                                                                                             used
                                                                                                                             for
                                                                                                                             compliance
                                                                                                                             with
                                                                                                                             U.S.
                                                                                                                             GAAP
                                                                                                                             (v)
                                                                                                                             monthly
                                                                                                                             closing
                                                                                                                             quality
                                                                                                                             control
                                                                                                                             checklists
                                                                                                                             were
                                                                                                                             used
                                                                                                                             consistently
                                                                                                                             and
                                                                                                                             thoroughly
                                                                                                                             to
                                                                                                                             ensure
                                                                                                                             all
                                                                                                                             financial
                                                                                                                             reporting
                                                                                                                             procedures
                                                                                                                             and
                                                                                                                             controls
                                                                                                                             were
                                                                                                                             performed
                                                                                                                             and
                                                                                                                             (vi)
                                                                                                                             documented
                                                                                                                             reviews
                                                                                                                             of
                                                                                                                             financial
                                                                                                                             results
                                                                                                                             are
                                                                                                                             compared
                                                                                                                             to
                                                                                                                             budgets
                                                                                                                             and
                                                                                                                             expectations.




    
    
Effective controls related to expenditures were not maintained. Specifically
 controls were not properly designed or operating effectively to ensure: (i) officer compensation
 including benefits
 are authorized
 reviewed and approved on a timely basis
 and are in accordance with contractual agreements and (ii) expenditures made by management contained adequate and appropriate supporting documentation to establish the related business purpose of the expenditure.


Remediation of Internal Control
Deficiencies and Expenditures


 if not
remediated
 one or more of the material weaknesses described above could result in a material misstatement in our reported financial
statements that might result in a material misstatement in a future annual or interim period. We are developing specific action
plans for each of the above material weaknesses. We are uncertain at this time of the costs to remediate all of the above listed
material weaknesses.


    
    



deficiencies that affected our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2012. Because the remedial actions
may require hiring of additional personnel
 and relying extensively on manual review and approval
 the successful operation of
these controls for at least several quarters may be required before management may be able to conclude that the material weaknesses
have been remediated. We intend to continue to evaluate and strengthen our internal control over financial reporting systems.
These efforts require significant time and resources. If we are unable to establish adequate internal control over financial reporting
systems
 we may encounter difficulties in the audit or review of our financial statements by our independent registered public
accounting firm
 which in turn may have a material adverse effect on our ability to prepare financial statements in accordance
with GAAP and to comply with our SEC reporting obligations.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting




control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules&nbsp;13a-15(f)&nbsp;and 15d-15(f)&nbsp;under the Exchange Act) during the
period since our last quarterly report (September 30
 2012) and the date of this filing that has materially affected
 or is reasonably
likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.


ITEM 9B.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;OTHER INFORMATION



 2013
 the Board of Directors
approved a private placement offering of up to 200
000
000 shares of common stock at $0.01 per share.&nbsp; This offering expired
on February 28
 2013. On March 1
 2013
 the Boarded of Directors approved a private placement offering of up to 285
714
000 shares
of common stock at $0.007 per share.



 2013
 the Board of Directors
authorized the Company to amend the Convertible Revolving Grid Note for a principal sum of up to $1
000
000 with Chief Executive
Officer
 Barry Schwartz
 and President
 Lisa Bershan
 dated March 6
 2012. The amendment reduced interest to 6.5% per year
 extended
the maturity date to four years
 and extended the conversion date to October 31
 2013. Borrowings made under this credit facility
may be converted by the Chief Executive Officer and President into shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at a conversion price
of $0.0022 per share. As of June 14
 2013
 Mr. Schwartz and Ms. Bershan have loaned $521


 and such amount is convertible into 236
818
181 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock.


 2013
 the Company entered
into an unsecured
 convertible promissory note with an unrelated third party for $103
500
 less a $3
500 fee.&nbsp; The loan bears
interest at 8% per annum and a balloon payment of principal and accrued interest is due on November 12
 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;At any
time 180 days after the date of the note
 the lender can convert the principal and accrued interest into shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock at a 39% discount based on the average of the lowest three trading prices during a ten day period ending one day
prior to the conversion date.&nbsp;


 2013
 the Board of Directors voted to increase authorized shares of common stock from 1 billion
ten million to 3 billion shares. As of June 14
 2013
 there were 837
929
245 shares of common stock issued and outstanding and
77
598
571 subscribed but not yet issued.


    
    





 2013
to June 14
 2013
 the Company received and accepted subscriptions for 2
500
000 shares of common stock at $0.02 per share and 93
455
771
shares of common stock at $0.007 per share. The sales of equity securities resulted in a capital increase of $704
190
 before offering
costs. Had the current balance of the Grid Note ($521
000) been converted into shares
 shares of common stock issued and outstanding
would increase to 1
074
747
426. (See ITEM 7
 Liquidity
 Capital Resources and Going Concern).



ITEM&nbsp;10.&nbsp;&nbsp;DIRECTORS
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


our directors and executive officers:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Chief Executive Officer
 and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
    
    
    
    

    
    
President
 Secretary and Director 
    
    
    
    


Biographical Information Regarding
Directors and Nominees 

has served
as Chief Executive Officer
 President and Chief Financial Officer and a director of the Company since its inception in February
2003.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr. Schwartz relinquished the title of President when Lisa Bershan assumed that position in January of 2007.
Mr. Schwartz is a senior retail and operations executive with more than 30 years of experience in consumer durables and food.&nbsp;&nbsp;From
1995 to 1997
 Mr. Schwartz served as the President of Chorus Line Corp.
 where he helped launch a concept apparel chain for an
apparel manufacturer.&nbsp;&nbsp;From 1997 to 1999
 Mr. Schwartz served as the Vice President of Cache
 Inc.
 a woman&rsquo;s
apparel company
 where he was responsible for the Company's profit and loss performance for the Northeast
 Atlantic and Midwest
territories.&nbsp;&nbsp;From 2000 to the Company's inception in 2003
 Mr. Schwartz served as the President and Chief Executive
Officer of Whizgrill
 Inc.
 a quick service
 casual dining restaurant chain. In that capacity
 Mr. Schwartz created an upscale
fast food concept that was competitive with other fast food chain stores.

became President
in January of 2007. She also held the positions of Executive Vice President
 Secretary and a director of the Company since its
inception in February 2003. In 1978
 Ms. Bershan founded Incredible Edibles
 a chain of gourmet stores
 which she sold in 1986
to Piedmont Specialty Foods. Ms. Bershan was the President and Chief Executive Officer of Incredible Edibles during this time
and also served on its Board of Directors. From 1986 to 1994
 Ms. Bershan served as Vice President and Director of Sales with
Piedmont Specialty Foods where she helped launch numerous snack food products into major supermarket chains. In 1994
 Ms. Bershan
founded Lisa's Gourmet Snacks
 where she served as President and Chief Executive Officer and marketed unique foods including the
first baked chips under the Lisa's Incredible Edibles brand. In 1999
 she founded Java Joint Candies
 a unique caffeine enhanced
product and served as its President and Chief Executive Officer until 2001. Ms. Bershan was a consultant between 2001 and the
time she co-founded the Company in 2003.


    
    



and wife and are the Company&rsquo;s only directors and officers.

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance





The Company&rsquo;s
Code of Ethics will be provided without charge to any stockholder upon written request made to Secretary
 All American Pet Company
Inc.

 Floor
 Los Angeles

on our website is not
 and shall not be deemed to be
 a part of this proxy statement or incorporated by reference into this or
any other filing we make with the SEC. 


resources
 we do not presently have an Audit Committee
 Compensation Committee or Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our
board of directors consists of Mr. Schwartz
 and Ms. Bershan
 who are husband and wife.&nbsp;&nbsp;Neither Mr. Schwartz
 nor Ms.
Bershan are independent as defined under NASDAQ Marketplace rules.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company intends to seek independent directors
and create standing committees of the board as the Company&rsquo;s growth and financial conditions warrant.


applies to our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Finance and Accounting officer or persons performing similar functions (as
well as our other employees
 if any
 and directors).




The Board acted
. Mr. Schwartz and Ms. Bershan attended
100% of the aggregate number of meetings of the Board and committees on which the director served in 2011 and 2012. 



    
    


ITEM&nbsp;11.&nbsp;&nbsp;EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION 


compensation of the Company&rsquo;s executive officers during the last fiscal year of the Company.&nbsp;&nbsp;The remuneration
described in the table does not include the cost to the Company for benefits if any furnished to the named executive officers
including premiums for health insurance and other benefits provided to such individuals that are extended in connection with the
conduct of the Company&rsquo;s business.



    

    
    Principal
    
    Year&nbsp;
    Ended&nbsp;

    
    ($)
    
    
    Awards
    
    Awards
    
    Equity
    Incentive
    sation
    
    Deferred
    sation
    ($)
    
    Compen-sation
    

Barry Schwartz

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
195
255
136
179
    
    
    
    
45
746
377
181

    
    
179
626
    
    
    
    
    
26
969
206
595

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Lisa Bershan

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
195
255
136
179
    
    
    
    
45
746
377
181

    
    
179
626
    
    
    
    
    
26
969
206
595



Includes $18
000 auto allowance
 $12
000 insurance allowance
                                                                 and accrued vacation pay of $15
746

Includes $12
000 auto allowance and accrued vacation pay
                                                                 of $14
969.




 2008
 All American Pet Company
Inc. executed five and one-half-year Employment Agreements with Mr. Barry Schwartz
 as Chief Executive Officer and Director and
Ms. Lisa Bershan
 as President and Director. The agreements expire on January 31
 2014. During the year ended December 31
 2012
compensation paid to our Chief Executive Officer and President exceeded the amounts established in the respective employment agreements.


    
    





 2008 Employment
Agreement
 we agreed to compensate Mr. Schwartz with a starting base salary of $150
000 per year for his services.&nbsp;&nbsp;Base
salary calls for increases each year of service. The base salary was $195
255 in 2012 and $179
626 in 2011. Additionally
 in 2012
total compensation includes allowances for auto and insurance ($18
000 and $12
000
 respectively) and accrued vacation pay of
$15
746
 as well as bonuses of $136
179.




 2008 Employment
Agreement
 we agreed to compensate Ms. Bershan with a starting base salary of $150
000 per year for her services.&nbsp;&nbsp;Base
salary calls for increases each year of service. The base salary was $195
255 in 2012 and $179
626 in 2011. Additionally
 in 2012
total compensation includes allowances for auto and insurance ($18
000 and $12
000
 respectively) and accrued vacation pay of
$15
746
 as well as bonuses of $136
179.




cash compensation for serving on the Board of Directors
 or for any other services rendered to the Company in their capacity as
a director of the Company
 but are reimbursed for expenses they incur in connection with their attendance.





to engage
 terminate and pay compensation consultants
 independent legal counsel and other advisors in its discretion.&nbsp; Prior
to retaining any such compensation consultant or other advisor
 the Board evaluates the experience and capabilities of such advisor.
The Board also evaluates the independence of such advisor and whether such advisor has a conflict of interest.&nbsp; During 2011
and 2012
 the Company did not use an external compensation consultant to evaluate and set executive compensation; however
 during
2013
 the Board engaged an independent compensation consulting firm to provide advisory services with regard to 2012 executive
compensation.&nbsp; &nbsp;This firm
 Performensation
 concluded that
 given the Company&rsquo;s current compensation philosophy
of focusing pay on salary bonus potential and perquisites
 such as auto allowance
 total compensation for both Mr. Schwartz and
Ms. Bershan are within a given range of reasonableness for a company within the Company&rsquo;s peer group.


Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions 


 2012 and 2011
 the
Company owed a total of $0 and $0
 respectively
 to the officers of the Company for reimbursement of expenses.


 2012 and 2011
 the
Company owed a total of $0 and $47
446
 respectively
 to the officers of the Company for accrued salaries.


On March 6
2012
 the Board of Directors authorized the Company to execute a Convertible Revolving Grid Note (the &ldquo;Note&rdquo;) for a
principal sum of up to $1
000
000 with Chief Executive Officer
 Barry Schwartz and President
 Lisa Bershan. The Note bears interest
at 10% per year and may be converted into common stock of the Company at a conversion price of $0.0022 any time before March 6
2013. On March 1
 2013
 the Note was renewed with the following changes to the terms. Interest rate was lowered to 6.5% per year
and the maturing date was amended to be due and payable not later than 48 months from the original issue date of the Note. As of
December 31
 2012
 no advances on the Note were made. See Item 13 below and Form 8-K filed on March 1
 2013. As of June 14
 2013

 allowing the holders
to convert the Note into as much as 236
818
181 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at the Note&rsquo;s current balance.



 2012
the Company made advances to
 and received advances from
 an entity owned by the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer. These
advances are not collateralized and do not bear interest. As of December 31
 2012
 no amounts are due from and no amounts are due
to this related entity.


    
    





plan on September 30
 2010
 which may be utilized to compensate directors
 officers or employees and certain qualifying consultants
or vendors of goods and services.&nbsp;&nbsp;The plan authorizes the issue of up to 35
000
000 shares of common stock. No shares
have been issued under this plan as of December 31
 2012.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 



regarding the beneficial ownership of shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock as of June 14
 2013 by (i)&nbsp;all stockholders
known to the Company to be beneficial owners of more than 5% of the outstanding common stock; (ii)&nbsp;each director and executive
officer of the Company individually and (iii)&nbsp;all directors and executive officers of the Company as a group:




    

    
    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 17

 CA 90024
    
    
20
437
363
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 17

 CA 90024
    
    
17
432
639
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
236
818
181
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
274
688
183
    
    
    
    
    





    
    



each person has sole voting power and sole dispositive power as to all of the shares shown as beneficially owned by them.



 or as


of these security holders has the right to acquire any amount of the shares within 60 days following December 31
 2012 from options
warrants
 convertible securities or similar obligations.





074
747
426
shares of common stock outstanding on June 14
 2013. This amount is the sum of a) actual shares issued and outstanding (837
929
245)
and b) the increase of shares (236
818
181) required by the conversion feature of the Grid Note. See ITEM 13. Beneficial ownership
is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities.
Shares of common stock subject to options
 warrants and convertible notes currently exercisable or convertible
 or exercisable
or convertible within 60 days
 are deemed outstanding for determining the number of shares beneficially owned and for computing
the percentage ownership of the person holding such options
 but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage ownership
of any other person. Except as indicated by footnote
 and subject to community property laws where applicable
 the persons named
in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them.

Mr. Schwartz and Ms.
Bershan are husband and wife and each disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares owned by the other.



 2013
 there were $521
000 advances made on
the Grid Note equal to 236
818
181 beneficial shares due to its conversion feature. See Item 13.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND
RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 


policies and procedures for the review and approval of transactions with related parties.


 2012
 the Board of Directors authorized the Company to execute a Convertible Revolving Grid
Note (the &ldquo;Note&rdquo;) for a principal sum of up to $1
000
000 with Chief Executive Officer
 Barry Schwartz and President
Lisa Bershan. The Note bears interest at 10% per year and may be converted into common stock of the Company at a conversion price
of $0.0022 any time before March 6
 2013. On March 1
 2013
 the Note was renewed with the following changes to the terms. Interest
rate was lowered to 6.5% per year and the maturing date was amended to be due and payable not later than 48 months from the original

the outstanding principal balance and unpaid accrued interest that may at any time be owing to the lenders
 then any shares received
on such conversion or conversions shall be locked up and not subject to sale
 transfer or hypothecation of any kind whatsoever
until the earliest to occur of: 





    
    
24 months from the date or dates of any such conversion
 or




    
    
the average closing price per share
 as determined over a period of 30 trading days ending one trading day prior to the notice date of conversion
 is not less than $0.035 per share
 subject to adjustment for share dividends
 forward splits of common stock or reverse splits of common stock
 as may be appropriate
 or




    
    
the sale of the registrant or substantially all of its business
 or




    
    
    


See Form
8-K filed by the Company on March 1
 2013. As of December 31
 2012
 no advances on the Note were made. As of June 14
 2013 a

 and such amount is
convertible into 236
818
181 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock.



    
    







Schwartz and Lisa Bershan
 who are husband and wife. Mr. Schwartz also serves as the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial and Accounting Officer and Ms. Bershan also serves as the President.&nbsp;&nbsp;Since we are not currently subject to
corporate governance standards relating to the independence of our directors
 we choose to define an &quot;independent&quot; director
in accordance with the NASDAQ Global Market's requirements for independent directors (NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 4200).&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Board has determined that neither Mr. Schwartz nor Ms. Bershan is independent as defined under NASDAQ Marketplace rules.

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES
AND SERVICES 



 LLC served as our independent
registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2011 and the first two 10-Q filings in 2012. Haskell &amp; White LLP served as
our independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year 2012 audit and third quarter 2012 10-Q filing.



ended December 31
 2012 by Haskell &amp; White LLP were as follows:


800


services in the year ended December 31
 2012.



ITEM&nbsp;15.&nbsp;&nbsp;EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES



Annual Report:



Company
 Inc. under Item&nbsp;8 of this Annual Report are listed on the &ldquo;Index to Consolidated Financial Statements&rdquo;
on page F-1 of this report.

: THIS SECTION
NEEDS TO BE UPDATED BY LEGAL



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Agreement
 effective November 30
 2005
 by and between the Company and Nortia Capital Partners
    Inc. 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Equipment Lease Agreement dated March 8
 2006 by and between Bev-Lin Enterprises
 Inc. and
    All American Pet 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Lease Agreement dated January 18
 2005 for rental of office premises. 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Lease Agreement dated March 6
 2006 for rental of warehouse space. 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Loan Agreement dated as of April 27
 2004
 by and between the Company and George LaCapra. 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Broker Agreement dated August 1
 2006 between Crossmark
 Inc. and All American Pet Company
    Inc. 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Loan Agreement dated as of August 29
 2006 by and between the Company and Barry Schwartz. 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Loan Agreement dated as of October 10
 2006 by and between the Company and Eckard Kirsch. 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Loan Agreement dated as of October 27
 2006 by and between the Company and Eckard Kirsch. 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Loan Agreement dated as of November 7
 2006 by and between the Company and Eckard Kirsch. 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Loan Agreement dated as of November 21
 2006 by and between the Company and Eckard Kirsch.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Loan Agreement dated as of December 27
 2006 by and between the Company and Eckard Kirsch.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Lease Agreement Dated July 21
 2008 - Rental agreement for new office space. 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Standard Sublease dated July 21
 2008 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Addendum No. 1 to Standard Sublease dated July 21
 2008 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Debt Conversion Agreement &ndash; Barry Schwartz &ndash; Dated June 20
 2008 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Debt Conversion Agreement &ndash; Lisa Bershan &ndash; Dated June 20
 2008 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Employment Agreement &ndash; Barry Schwartz &ndash; Dated August 24
 2008 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Employment Agreement &ndash; Lisa Bershan &ndash; Dated August 24
 2008 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Warrant Agreement &ndash; Barry Schwartz &ndash; Dated August 24
 2008 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Warrant Agreement &ndash; Lisa Bershan &ndash; Dated August 24
 2008 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section&nbsp;302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
    Act 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section&nbsp;302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
    Act 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906
    of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    





the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto
duly authorized.



Date: June 17
 2013 
    
    
    
    
    
    



Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company and in the capacities
and on the date indicated:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Chairman of the Board
 
    
June 17
 2013 

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
President
 Director 
    
June 17
 2013

    
    
    
    
    



    
    




ALL AMERICAN PET COMPANY
 INC. 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012
and 2011 



    
    

    

    

    
    

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM &ndash; DEJOYA GRIFFITH
 LLC

    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    
    




REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM



 Inc.


balance sheet of All American Pet Company
 Inc. (the&nbsp;&ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of December 31
 2012
 and the related consolidated
statements of operations
 stockholders&rsquo; deficit
 and cash flows for the year then ended. These consolidated financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial
statements based on our audit.


the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.
The Company has determined that it is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over
financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of
the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining
on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall consolidated
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of All American Pet
Company
 Inc. as of December 31
 2012
 and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.


statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As described in Note 1 to the consolidated
financial statements
 the Company has a history of experiencing operating losses
 cash flow deficits and nominal revenues. Further
as of December 31
 2012
 the Company has a working capital deficit
 significant amounts of past due debts
 a stockholders&rsquo;
deficit
 and insufficient liquidity to operate its business for a period of at least twelve months. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans regarding these matters are also described
in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Irvine
 California
    

June 17
 2013
    




    
    






        

 NV

 NY

 India

 China&nbsp;
    





REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM



 Inc. &amp; Subsidiaries


balance sheet of All American Pet Company
 Inc. &amp; Subsidiaries (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of December 31
 2011 and the
related consolidated statements of operations
 stockholders&rsquo; deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2011.
All American Pet Company
 Inc. &amp; Subsidiaries&rsquo; management is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.


the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The company
is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included
consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company&rsquo;s internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion.


 the financial statements
referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of All American Pet Company
 Inc. &amp; Subsidiaries
as of December 31
 2011 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2011 in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements
 the Company
has suffered losses from operations
 which raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management&rsquo;s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty.



 LLC

 Nevada

 2012



    
    


ALL AMERICAN PET COMPANY
 INC.





    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
13
376
2
396

    
715
869
    

    
    
96
154

    
729
245
98
550


 net
69
366
2
542

    
85
290
5
800

    
883
901
106
892

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
90
095
97
070

    
2
605
638
2
145
668

    
    
196
912

    
133
332
93
333

    
877
999
231
480

    
400
000
600
000

    
36
678
57
070

    
54
372
    

    
889
711
797
422


  net of debt discount
50
000
392
000

    
47
897
220
787

    
5
185
722
4
831
742

    
    
    

    
269
518
285
200

    
269
518
285
200

    
5
455
240
5
116
942

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.001 par value; authorized 1
010
000
000 shares at December 31
 2012 (695
494
866 issued and outstanding) and 500
000
000 shares at December 31
 2011 (254
804
866 issued and outstanding)
695
495
254
805

    
18
486
273
15
588
999

    
677
156
569
642

    
(142
000
(142
000

    
(23
729
397
(20
933
116

    
(558
866
(348
380

    
(4
571
339
(5
010
050

    
883
901
106
892



See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements and the reports of the independent registered
public accounting firms.&nbsp;


    
    




ALL AMERICAN PET COMPANY
 INC.

    





    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
24
701
59
726

    
    
(141
879

    
24
701
(82
153

    
    
    

    
10
463
58
670

    
14
238
(140
823

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
483
080
417
208

    
2
715
027
1
512
550

    
    
98
163

    
    
7
812

    
3
198
107
2
035
733

    
    
    

    
(3
183
869
(2
176
556

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(79
851
    

    
102
749
89
148

    
(200
000
    

    
    
101
128

    
(177
102
190
276

    
    
    

    
(3
006
767
(2
366
832

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(3
006
767
(2
366
832

    
    
    

    
210
486
151
031

    
    
    


 INC.
(2
796
281
(2
215
801

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
472
237
035
233
288
191




public accounting firms.


    
    


ALL AMERICAN PET COMPANY
 INC.





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
221
213
571
221
214
15
379
733
    
(52
000
(18
717
315
(197
349
(3
365
717

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
12
741
295
12
741
103
306
    
    
    
    
116
047

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 net offering costs
19
650
000
19
650
104
760
    
    
    
    
124
410

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
1
200
000
1
200
1
200
    
    
    
    
2
400

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
569
642
    
    
    
569
642

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
(90
000
    
    
(90
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(151
031
(151
031

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
(2
215
801
    
(2
215
801

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
254
804
866
254
805
15
588
999
569
642
(142
000
(20
933
116
(348
380
(5
010
050

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
133
178
000
133
178
47
504
    
    
    
    
180
682

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 net of offering costs
285
544
000
285
544
2
726
897
    
    
    
    
3
012
441

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
10
650
000
10
650
177
244
    
    
    
    
187
894

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
11
318
000
11
318
(54
371
    
    
    
    
(43
053

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
107
514
    
    
    
107
514

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(210
486
(210
486

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
(2
796
281
    
(2
796
281

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
695
494
866
695
495
18
486
273
677
156
(142
000
(23
729
397
(558
866
(4
571
339




public accounting firms.




    
    


ALL AMERICAN PET COMPANY
 INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH
FLOWS




    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(3
006
767
(2
366
832

    
    
    

    
12
750
    

    
    
98
894

    
24
317
21
016

    
    
7
812

    
    
101
128

    
187
894
845
761

    
(200
000
    

    
    
    

    
(715
869
37
912

    
16
664
36
500

    
    
    

    
459
970
420
222

    
    
111
719

    
(196
912
    

    
(57
070
16
445

    
92
289
33
087

    
36
679
    

    
496
519
    

    
    
(3
060

    
(172
889
65
991

    
    
(35
824

    
(3
022
426
(608
244

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(79
574
    

    
(79
574
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(6
975
5
574

    
    
75
000

    
(85
000
    

    
3
204
955
529
952

    
3
112
980
610
526

    
    
    

    
10
980
2
282

    
2
396
    

    
13
376
2
396

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
43
053
    

    
54
372
    

    
187
894
    

    
180
682
116
047




public accounting firms.


    
    


NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1.&nbsp;&nbsp;ORGANIZATION
 BASIS
OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Organization and Nature of Operations




 Inc. (&ldquo;AAPT&rdquo;
or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) is a developer and marketer of innovative pet wellness products including super-premium dog foods
and antibacterial wipes. In 2010 and 2011
 AAPT produced
 marketed
 and sold two super-premium dog foods under the brand names
Grrr-nola&reg; Natural Dog Food and Chompions&reg;. Both Grrr-nola&reg; Natural Dog Food and Chompions&reg; were the first dog
food products that were formulated for canine heart health and endorsed by a veterinary cardiac surgeon. In 2012
 the Company launched
its line of Pawtizer&trade; pet wipes and spray
 the pet care industry&rsquo;s first alcohol-free anti-bacterial dog cleaner. The
Company has also announced and is marketing its Mutt&trade; Great Food for Great Dogs super-premium dry kibble dog food
 and its
Nutra Bars&trade; line of portable
 convenient and functional
 super-premium 4 ounce dog food bars. Each 4 ounce bar has a kcal
equivalent of 8 ounces of super-premium dry dog food.


 Inc. was initially
organized under the laws of the State of New York (&ldquo;All American Pet Company
 Inc. NY&rdquo;) in February 2003. In January
2006
 All American Pet Company
 Inc. NY merged into All American Pet Company
 Inc. a Maryland corporation (&ldquo;All American
Pet Company
 Inc. MD&rdquo;). In June 2012
 All America Pet Company Inc. merged into a Nevada Corporation
 (&ldquo;All American
Pet Company
 Inc.&rdquo;). The Company has formed a number of wholly owned subsidiaries to provide for accountability of each of
its operations. All American PetCo
 Inc. was formed in January 2008 to provide corporate infrastructure and management services.
All American Pet Brands
 Inc. was formed in April 2009 to be the Company&rsquo;s manufacturing and warehousing operation. In September
2009
 the Company signed a license and distribution agreement with AAP Sales and Distribution Inc. a third party company that obtained
the rights to manufacture and sell certain of the Company&rsquo;s products on a non-exclusive basis. AAP Sales and Distribution
Inc.&rsquo;s operations have been consolidated with All American Pet Company
 Inc. based on accounting guidelines for Variable
Interest Entities.


references in&nbsp;these financial statements to the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; or &ldquo;AAPT&rdquo; refer to All American Pet Company
Inc.
 a Nevada corporation
 and its subsidiaries
 and its predecessors
 All-American Pet Company Inc.
 MD
 a Maryland Corporation
and All-American Pet Company Inc.
 NY
 a New York corporation.&nbsp;All financial statements give effect to this reincorporation
as if it occurred at the beginning of the period.





financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America
 which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern. As described below
 the Company has incurred
consistent losses
 limited liquid assets
 significant pas due debts
 and has a stockholders' deficit. These conditions
 among
others
 raise substantial doubt as to the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. These consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. These consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset
amounts
 or amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a
going concern. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis of accounting in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.


    
    







in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern which contemplates the realization of
assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. The Company has a limited operating
history and limited funds. As shown in the consolidated financial statements
 the Company incurred a net loss of $3
006
767
 used
$3
022
426 cash for operations in for the year ended December 31
 2012
 had a working capital deficit of $4
456
477 and total stockholders&rsquo;
deficit of $4
571
339 as of December 31
 2012. In addition
 the Company has limited liquid assets
 significant past due debts
including unpaid payroll taxes
 and minimal revenues. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to
continue as a going concern. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the
recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty.



to continue operations. Management plans to raise funds via private placements of its common stock and/or the issuance off debt
instruments to satisfy the capital requirements of the Company&rsquo;s business plan.&nbsp;&nbsp;There is no assurance that the
Company will be able to obtain the necessary funds through continuing equity and debt financing to have sufficient operating capital
to execute the Company's business plan. If the Company is able to obtain necessary funds
 there is no assurance that the Company
will successfully implement its business plan or raise sufficient capital to complete the execution of its business plan. The Company&rsquo;s
continuation as a going concern is dependent on the Company&rsquo;s ability to raise additional funds through a private placement
of its equity or debt securities or other borrowings sufficient to meet its obligations on a timely basis and ultimately to attain
profitable operations.






 Inc. (a Nevada
corporation)
 and its wholly-owned subsidiaries All American PetCo
 Inc. (a Nevada corporation)
 All American Pet Brands
 Inc.
(a Nevada corporation) and AAP Sales and Distribution
 Inc. (a Nevada corporation).&nbsp;&nbsp;AAP Sales and Distribution
 Inc.
is considered a variable interest entity.&nbsp;&nbsp;All significant inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated.&nbsp;&nbsp;All
American Pet Company
 Inc.
 All American PetCo
 Inc.
 All American Pet Brands
 Inc.
 and AAP Sales and Distribution Inc.
 will
be collectively referred to herein as the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;.


    
    




the accounts of the Company and AAP Sales and Distribution
 Inc.
 a variable interest entity (&quot;VIE&quot;) for which the Company
is the primary beneficiary.&nbsp;&nbsp;Effective January 1
 2010
 the Company adopted the accounting standards for non-controlling
interests and reclassified the equity attributable to its non-controlling interests as a component of equity in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.






statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent liabilities at
the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could materially differ from those estimates. Management believes that the estimates used are reasonable. Significant estimates
made by management include estimates for bad debts
 excess and obsolete inventory
 and other trade spending liabilities.

Revenue Recognition
 Sales Incentives and Slotting Fees 


title to the customer
 typically upon product pick-up
 shipment or delivery to customers.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company&rsquo;s revenue
arrangements with its customers may include sales incentives and other promotional costs such as coupons
 volume-based discounts
slotting fees and off-invoice discounts.&nbsp;&nbsp;These costs are typically referred to collectively as &ldquo;trade spending&rdquo;.
Pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) Topic 605
 these costs are recorded when revenue is recognized
and are generally classified as a reduction of revenue. Slotting fees refer to arrangements pursuant to which the retail grocer
allows our products to be placed on the store&rsquo;s shelves in exchange for a slotting fee. Given that there are no written contractual
commitments requiring the retail grocers to allocate shelf space for twelve months
 we expense the slotting fee at the time orders
are first shipped to customers.




in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 718
 which requires the Company to recognize expenses related to the fair value of
its employee stock option awards. &nbsp;This eliminates accounting for share-based compensation transactions using the intrinsic
value and requires instead that such transactions be accounted for using a fair-value-based method. The Company recognizes the
cost of all share-based awards on a graded vesting basis over the vesting period of the award.


of equity instruments are accounted for based on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument
issued
 whichever is more reliably measurable. The measurement date off the fair value of the equity instrument issued is the
earlier of the date on which the counterparty&rsquo;s performance is complete or the date on which it is probable that performance
will occur.&nbsp;


    
    





the weighted average number of common stock outstanding for the period and diluted loss per share is computed using the weighted
average number of common stock and dilutive common equivalent stock outstanding.&nbsp;&nbsp;The weighted average number of common
stock outstanding was 472
237
035 and 233
288
191 for the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. Net loss per share
and diluted net loss per share are the same for all periods presented.





Disclosures
 requires disclosing fair value to the extent practicable for financial instruments that are recognized or unrecognized
in the balance sheet. Fair value of financial instruments is the amount at which the instruments could be exchanged in a current
transaction between willing parties. The Company considers the carrying amounts of cash
 accounts receivable
 related party and
other receivables
 accounts payable
 notes payable
 related party and other payables
 to approximate their fair values because
of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments and their expected realization.

ASC 820 prioritizes the inputs used
in measuring fair value into the following hierarchy:

Quoted market
prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. &nbsp;

Observable
inputs other than those included in Level 1 (for example
 quoted prices for similar assets in active markets or quoted prices for
identical assets in inactive markets).

Unobservable
inputs reflecting management&rsquo;s own assumptions about the inputs used in estimating the value off the asset or liability.

The Company has no financial instruments measured at fair
value on a recurring or nonrecurring basis as of December 31
 2012 or 2011.




or less.



    
    



Accounts Receivable and Allowances for Uncollectible Accounts



process of reviewing the financial history and stability of each customer. The Company regularly evaluates the collectability of
the trade receivable balances by monitoring past due balances. If it is determined that a customer will be unable to meet its financial
obligation
 the Company records a specific reserve for bad debts to reduce the related receivable to the amount that is expected
to be recovered.




 packaging
supplies and finished goods and are valued at the lower of cost
 determined on a first-in
 first-out (&ldquo;FIFO&rdquo;) basis
or market.

Machinery
 Equipment and Leasehold Improvements 


Significant improvements are capitalized and maintenance and repairs are expensed. Depreciation and amortization are provided using
the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.&nbsp;&nbsp;Machinery and equipment are reviewed for impairment
whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company evaluates
recoverability of property
 plant and equipment to be held and used by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to estimated
future net undiscounted cash flows to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to
be recognized is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets.












the asset and liability method
 which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax
consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements.&nbsp;&nbsp;Under this method
 deferred tax assets and
liabilities are determined based on differences between financial statements and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted
tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse.&nbsp;&nbsp;The effect of a change in tax rates
on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.



    
    



The
Company records net deferred tax assets to the extent the Company believes these assets will more likely than not be
realized.&nbsp;&nbsp;In making such determination
 the Company considers all available positive and negative evidence
including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences
 projected future taxable income
 tax planning
strategies and recent financial operations.&nbsp;&nbsp;A valuation allowance is established against deferred tax assets that

 2012 and 2011
 the Company&rsquo;s only
significant deferred tax asset is its net operating loss carryforwards. Based on the Company&rsquo;s recurring losses and
financial position
 the net deferred tax assets (approximately $6.5 million as of December 31
 2012) have been fully reserved
for as of December 31
 2012 and 2011. Net operating losses begin to expire in 2022 for Federal purposes and 2014 for
state purposes. The U.S. tax laws contain provisions (Section 382 limitations) that limit the annual utilization of net
operating loss (and credit carryforwards) upon the occurrence of certain events including a significant change in ownership
interest. Generally
 such limitations arise when the ownership of certain shareholders or public groups in the stock of a
corporation change by more than 50 percentage points over a three-year period. The Company may have incurred such an event or
events; however
 the Company has not completed a current study to determine the extent of the limitations
 if any. Until a
study is completed and the extent of the limitations is able to be determined
 no amounts are being presented as an uncertain
tax position.



A tax benefit
from an uncertain tax position may be recognized when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination
including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes
 based on the technical merits.&nbsp;&nbsp;Income tax provisions
must meet a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold at the effective date to be recognized initially and in subsequent periods.

 2012 and 2011. Given that the Company&rsquo;s net operating
losses have yet to be utilized
 all previous tax years remain open to examination by Federal authorities and other jurisdictions
in which the Company operates.




sheet as of December 31
 2011 have been reclassified to be consistent with the current year presentation. The reclassification
had no impact on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows.




 2012
 the Company adopted
Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-05
 &ldquo;Presentation of Comprehensive Income&rdquo; that improves the comparability
 consistency
and transparency of financial reporting and increases the prominence of items reported in other comprehensive income. The amendments
in this standard require that all non-owner changes in stockholders&rsquo; equity be presented either in a single continuous statement
of comprehensive income or in two separate but consecutive statements. The update did not impact the Company&rsquo;s consolidated
financial statements
 as the Company did not have any items of comprehensive income in 2012 or 2011.




financial interests in a variable interest entity that management considers significant
 those for which management has determined
that the Company is the primary beneficiary of the entity and
 therefore
 has consolidated the entity into the Company&rsquo;s
financial statements.



 2009
 we entered into a License
Agreement with AAP Sales and Distribution
 Inc. (&ldquo;AAPSD&rdquo;). Under the terms of the agreement
 AAPSD has the non-exclusive
right to manufacture and market certain products of the Company (&ldquo;AAPT&rdquo;). The duration of the agreement is for a period
of five years.&nbsp;&nbsp;AAPSD is the primary beneficiary of the Company because management of AAPT controls the economic resources
of AAPSD and provides significant financial support to AAPSD in the form of&nbsp;the production and distribution and deferred payment
arrangements between AAPSD the Company.


product purchased and for royalties at the stated rate of 18.5% of net revenues
 which are due and payable within five
business days of receipt of funds by AAPSD from any sale when good funds are received from the sale.&nbsp;&nbsp;The 18.5%
royalty payments will be applied to all minimum guarantee payments. The minimum guaranteed royalties
 as amended
 are due
based within the 12-month period following the time at which AAPT has delivered 3
000
000 pounds of finished
product.&nbsp;&nbsp;AAPSD does not owe the Company any royalties until AAPSD has recouped any costs of marketing or placement
fees. All royalty payments due from sales are accumulated and are applied toward to the minimum royalty payment for the
year.&nbsp;&nbsp;If the 18.5% royalties are less than the minimum then AAPSD is obligated pay AAPT the difference between
what was paid during the 12 month period and the required minimum.&nbsp;&nbsp;Minimum royalty payments are due in the normal
course of business as AAPSD has ten days at the end of each quarter to report any sales and royalties due and AAPC has the
right to review the reports and agree on what amounts are owed based on sales and a statement of any minimum guarantees that
may be due and payable.&nbsp;&nbsp;All payments are to be made in the normal course of business as agreed at the time of the
annual royalty report&rsquo;s acceptance by AAPT.


    
    




the primary beneficiary of AAPSD as the Company&rsquo;s interest in the entity is subject to variability based on results from
operations and changes in the fair value. During the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 all operations of AAPSD are included
in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. For the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 sales of $24
701 and ($82
153)
respectively
 and net losses of ($210
486) and ($151
031)
 respectively
 were recognized as a result of the consolidation.



 2012 is as follows:





    
715
869

    
(1
274
735

    
558
866






Inventory consists of the following:




    

 2012

 2011

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
715
869
    

    
715
869
    


During the year
ended December 31
 2011
 the Company vacated the warehouse and manufacturing facility in Nebraska City
 Nebraska. Upon vacating
of the facility
 the Company discarded the on hand product inventory as the Company had determined that the cost to store and or
sell the remaining inventory exceeded the net proceeds that could be realized from an orderly disposal of this inventory. The transaction
resulted in an impairment charge of $98
164 in the year ended December 30

inventory during the year ended December 31
 2012
 and the reserve for inventory obsolescence was $0 as of December 31
 2012 and
2011.



    
    




&nbsp;Machinery
and equipment consists of the following:




    

 2012

 2011

    
2
769
27
095

    
1
991
    

    
73
562
    

    
78
322
27
095

    
(8
956
(24
552

    
69
366
2
542




 2011
the Company cancelled a capital lease of a bar forming machine and returned the equipment to the lessor. The transaction resulted
in a reduction of warehouse equipment of $122
450 to $0 and the Company recognized a loss on abandonment of machinery and equipment
of $7
812.


In 2012
obsolete and fully depreciated computer equipment in the amount of $27
095 was scrapped. Depreciation expense for the years
ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $12
750 and $915
 respectively.





filings and payments of required federal and state payroll taxes. The Company has provided an estimate of penalty assessments and
interest.&nbsp;&nbsp; The collective amount of payroll taxes
 interest and penalties due at December 31
 2012 and 2011 totaled
$889
711 and $797
422
 respectively. Under the Internal Revenue Code
 the Internal Revenue Service may impose a civil penalty on
the Company&rsquo;s responsible persons that is distinct from the Company&rsquo;s responsibilities. This civil penalty may equal
100% of the Company&rsquo;s delinquent trust fund taxes.


    
    








    





    
    
    

    
    
150
000


 2012
50
000
50
000


 2011
    
64
000


 2011
    
128
000

    
50
000
392
000





 2004
 the Company entered
into an unsecured promissory note with an unrelated third party for $150
000. The loan bears interest at 10% per annum and had
an original due date of April 27
 2005. Extended due dates were granted up through 2011. On August 9
 2012
 a stipulated settlement
amount of $300
000
 which included principal of $150
000 and accrued interest of $150
000
 was reached with the noteholder. As
a result of the stipulated settlement
 the related $300
000 has been classified in settlements and judgments at December 31
 2012
in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet (Note 9).


 the Company entered into an unsecured promissory note with an unrelated third party for $50
000.
The loan bears interest at 17% and is due on demand. On March 16
 2012
 the noteholder demanded repayment of the note and all accrued
interest. The Company has not made any payments and is in default on the note.


On June 15
2010
 the Company entered into an unsecured
 convertible promissory note with an unrelated third party for $30
000.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
loan bears interest at 8% per annum and a balloon payment of principal and accrued interest is due on March 17
 2011.&nbsp;&nbsp;At
any time 180 days after the date of the note
 the lender can convert the principal and accrued interest into shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock at a 45% discount based on the average of the lowest three trading prices during a ten day period ending one day
prior to the conversion date.&nbsp;&nbsp;On January 3
 2011
 $10
000 of the principal balance was converted into 1
098
901 shares.
On January 13
 2011
 $10
000 of the principal balance was converted into 1
162
791 shares. On January 19
 2011
 $10
000 of the
remaining principal balance and $1
200 in interest was converted into 1
454
545 shares and the note was deemed paid in full.


    
    



 2010
 the Company entered
into an unsecured
 convertible promissory note with an unrelated third party for $30
000.&nbsp;&nbsp;The loan bears interest at
8% per annum and a balloon payment of principal and accrued interest is due on May 31
 2011.&nbsp;&nbsp;At any time 180 days after
the date of the note
 the lender can convert the principal and accrued interest into shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
at a 45% discount based on the average of the lowest three trading prices during a ten day period ending one day prior to the conversion
date.&nbsp;&nbsp;On March 8
 2011
 $10
000 of the principal balance was converted into 1
639
344 shares. On March 22
 2011
 $15
000
of the principal balance was converted into 4
285
714 shares. On June 23
 2011
 the Company received a default notice from the
holder of the note. The default notice was issued in regards to the Company&rsquo;s failure to maintain current Securities Exchange
Commission filings. The noteholder demanded accelerated payments and default interest rates as a result of this default. On September
8
 2011
 the remaining $5
000 principal balance and $1
200 in interest of the 8% note dated August 27
 2010 and due May 31
 2011
was converted into 3
100
000 shares of common stock and the note was deemed paid in full.

On December
6
 2010
 the Company entered into an unsecured
 convertible promissory note with an unrelated third party for $37
500.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
loan bears interest at 8% per annum and a balloon payment of principal and accrued interest is due on September 8
 2011.&nbsp;&nbsp;At
any time 180 days after the date of the note
 the lender can convert the principal and accrued interest into shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock at a 40% discount based on the average of the lowest three trading prices during a ten day period ending one day prior
to the conversion date.&nbsp;&nbsp;On June 23
 2011
 the Company received a default notice from the holder of the note. The default
notice was issued in regards to the Company&rsquo;s failure to maintain current Securities Exchange Commission filings. The noteholder
demanded accelerated payments and default interest rates as a result of this default. The Company did not repay or convert any
of this convertible debt into common stock in the year ended December 31
 2011. During 2012
 $64
000
 consisting of accrued interest
and the outstanding principal balance was converted into 56
321
448 shares of common stock
and the note was deemed paid in full.


 2011
 the Company entered
into an unsecured
 convertible promissory note with an unrelated third party for $75
000
 less a $3
000 fee.&nbsp;The loan bears
interest at 8% per annum and a balloon payment of principal and accrued interest is due on November 14
 2011.&nbsp;&nbsp;At any
time 180 days after the date of the note
 the lender can convert the principal and accrued interest into shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock at a 40% discount based on the average of the lowest three trading prices during a ten day period ending one day prior
to the conversion date.&nbsp;&nbsp;On June 23
 2011
 the Company received a default notice from the holder of the note. The default
notice was issued in regards to the Company&rsquo;s failure to maintain current Securities Exchange Commission filings. The noteholder
demanded accelerated payments and default interest rates as a result of this default. The Company did not repay or convert any
of this convertible debt into common stock in the year ended December 31
 2011. During 2012
 $128
000
 consisting of accrued interest
and the outstanding principal balance
 was converted into 76
856
713 shares of common stock and the note was deemed paid in full.



    
    


7. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS


As of December
31
 2011
 the Company owed a total of $47
446 to the officers of the Company for accrued salaries which was paid in 2012.




 2012
 the Board of Directors
consisting of Mr. Schwartz and Ms. Bershan
 authorized the Company to execute a Convertible Revolving Grid Note (the &ldquo;Grid
Note&rdquo;) for a principal sum of up to $1
000
000 with CEO Barry Schwartz and President
 Lisa Bershan. The Grid Note bears interest
at 10% per year and may be converted into common stock of the Company at a conversion price of $0.0022 any time before March 6
2013. Neither Mr. Schwartz nor Ms. Bershan has advanced capital under the terms of the grid note as of December 31
 2012. In March
2013
 the Grid Note was amended (Note 12).



 2012
 the Board of Directors
approved salary advances not to exceed $250
000 for Mr. Schwartz and Ms. Bershan. In 2012
 the Board of Directors required that
all salary advances are repaid in full before any transactions pursuant to the Grid Note are consummated. As of December 31
 2012
there were no outstanding salary advances
 as all amounts received by Mr. Schwartz and Ms. Bershan were deemed to be
 in substance
officer compensation.


 2012
the Company made advances to
 and received advances from
 an entity owned by the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer. These
advances are not collateralized and do not bear interest. As of December 31
 2012
 no amounts are due from and no amounts are due
to this related entity.



8. STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; DEFICIT




All American
Pet Company
 Inc. was formed under Maryland law on January 4
 2006 with 50
000
000 authorized shares of common stock and 10
000
000
authorized shares of preferred stock. On January 27
 2006
 All-American Pet Company Inc.
 a New York corporation
 merged with
and into All American Pet Company
 Inc.
 a Maryland corporation. In June 2012
 All-American Pet Company Inc.
 Maryland
 merged
with and into All American Pet Company
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation.

Increase in Authorized Common
Stock 



 2012 re-domicile
to a Nevada corporation
 the shareholders voted to increase the number of authorized shares of $0.001 par value common stock to
1
010
000
000. Previously
 the shareholders voted on February 26
 2011 to increase the number of authorized shares of $0.001 par
value common stock to 500
000
000. Authorized shares had been increased from 50
000
000 to 250
000
000 in 2009.


 the Board of Directors increased
the number of authorized shares to 3
000
000
000 (Note 12).






 2012
the Company received and accepted subscriptions for 285
544
000 shares of common stock at $0.01 per share. The sale of unregistered
equity securities resulted in a capital increase of $3
012
441
 after offering costs. The Company recorded a $677
156 common stock
payable on its books at December 31
 2012 to reflect the value of the 77
598
571 of common shares not yet issued
 but for which
cash has been received and $187
894 of common stock earned by various consultants during the year ended December 31
 2012. As of
December 31
 2012
 there were 695
494
866 shares issued and outstanding.



    
    


Conversion of Preferred Stock
to Common Stock 


 2009
 the Company entered
into an agreement with the two preferred stockholders to convert all 56
500 shares of Series &ldquo;A&rdquo; Preferred shares
held by them in exchange for 5
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock (the &ldquo;Share Guarantee&rdquo;).&nbsp;&nbsp;The
delivery of the common stock to the preferred stockholders took place in March 2009 and the Company was released by the stockholders
from any and all future claims and liabilities. The preferred stockholders have the right to sell the common stock at a rate of
1
250
000 in the aggregate every 90 days starting May 15
 2009 and the right to sell at will after March 31
 2010. The Company
has agreed that the total value of the shares sold over the Liquidation Period
 which is defined as the period from May 15
 2009
to April 30
 2010
 to be at a minimum of $800
000 or the market value of 5
000
000 shares at $0.16 per share. If the value of
the shares sold during the Liquidation Period is less than $800
000
 then the Company will have the right to purchase any unsold
shares at a price of $0.16 per share. If the gross proceeds from all sales is still less than $800
000 then the Company shall
have the right and not the obligation to make up the difference by making a cash payment on or before May 31
 2010.&nbsp;&nbsp;In
addition
 no later than June 15
 2010
 the Company is obligated to issue an additional 3
000
000 shares of the common stock in
total to these stockholders if the sales proceeds and any additional payments made by the Company is less than $800
000.


to extend the Liquidation Period described above to March 31
 2011 and those amendments required the Company to issue 6
000
000
shares of common stock with a fair value of $400
000 in 2010. In connection with the Share Guarantee
 the Company recognized an
additional expense
 and a corresponding accrued liability
 of $600
000 in 2010.


 the Share Guarantee was
amended
 subject to the Company&rsquo;s ability to satisfy certain required payments and other conditions. As the Company did not
satisfy its contractual obligations
 the amendment was cancelled and became null and void.



obligations under the Share Guarantee terminated in 2011
 management intends to fulfill the Company&rsquo;s obligations under the
related agreements and amendments.&nbsp; Based on the $800
000 amount of the guarantee
 amounts realized by the counterparties
from selling related shares
 and the number of shares the counterparties have left to sell
 management estimates the Company&rsquo;s
obligation under the Share Guarantee to be $400
000 as of December 31
 2012.




warrants and activity for each of the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 is as follows:




    
    
    

    
    
    


 2010
6
800
000
    

    
(1
800
000
    


 2011
5
000
000
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2012
5
000
000
    




    
    



 2008 Employment
Agreements
 both Barry Schwartz and Lisa Bershan
 officers of the Company
 are entitled to receive 2
500
000 warrants each at an
exercise price of $0.17 per share as bonus. A Black Scholes calculation determined the value of the warrants was $118
750 of bonus
to each officer
 which was recognized as compensation expense in 2008. The Black Scholes calculation takes into consideration the
following assumptions: 5
000
000 as number of shares
 a stock price of $0.05
 an exercise price of $0.17
 volatility
rate of 409.67% discount rate of 3.875%
 immediate vesting period and a term of ten years.






 2010
 the Company settled litigation
with a former employee. Terms of the settlement required the former employee to place 400
000 shares of Company common stock valued
at $52
000 in an escrow account in exchange for an initial payment of $8
000 and 27 monthly payments of $1
571. The Company will
receive the shares of common stock after all of the payments have been made. The Company made no payments in 2012 or 2011 related
to this arrangement (Note 9).


 2011
 through mediation
the Company settled litigation with a former employee. Terms of the settlement required the former employee to place 750
000 shares
of Company stock valued at $90
000 in an escrow account in exchange for 14 monthly payments of $6
576. The Company will receive
the shares of common stock after all of the payments have been made. The Company made no payments in 2012 and $2
069 in 2011 (Note
9).

9. LITIGATION
 CLAIMS
 AND JUDGMENTS 


claims and judgments involving vendors
 former employees
 and a promissory noteholder. A summary is as follows:




    
December
    31

December
    31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
382
473
20
000

    
    
    

Former
    Employees
268
245
211
480

    
    
    

Promissory
    Noteholder
227
281
    

    
    
    

    
877
999
231
480



    
    






 2011
 one vendor had
a settlement agreement for $20
000. During 2012
 six vendors made claims or were awarded judgments against the Company for a total
of $364
473
 and aggregate payments of $2
000 were made. The balance outstanding at December 31
 2012
 was $382
473.


 2012
 a vendor filed an action
against the Company and certain officers as individuals for an original $150
000 judgment previously awarded in arbitration
 4.75%
interest
 legal fees of $49
950
 and other fees of $4
981. The action has not been heard by a court.



 2012
 the Company has
accrued $221
463 relating to this matter.




 2011
 six former employees
made claims or were awarded judgments against the Company for a total of $211
480. During 2012
 one former employee entered into
a settlement agreement for $50
000
 and there were no payments made in 2012. The balance outstanding at December 31
 2012 was $268
245
and includes accrued interest.


 the Company has
settlement agreements with two former employees that require monthly cash payments and provide for the return of 1
150
000 shares
of common stock if the Company satisfies its payment obligations to the former employees.




 2012
 the Company settled
litigation with a note holder. The settlement requires the Company to pay cash of $300
000 and interest at 8% per annum. Terms
of the settlement require an initial payment of $50
000 and quarterly payments of $30
000 beginning October 1
 2012. Total payments
during 2012 were $80
000. The outstanding principal balance and accrued interest as of December 31
 2012
 was $227
281.


 the noteholder
can enter a stipulated judgment against the Company and certain officers as individuals in the amount of $1
197
190. The Company
has not made the required January 1
 2013 or April 1
 2013 payments and the noteholder has not filed the stipulated judgment against
the Company.



    
    




In May 2009
the Company finalized plans to host a nationwide viral marketing contest known as the &ldquo;Cutest Dog Competition&rdquo;. The
contest started on August 1
 2009
 allowing every dog owner in America to have the opportunity to submit a picture of their dog.
The Company announced the winner of the &ldquo;Cutest Dog Competition&rdquo; on its website as well as at a major venue on Thanksgiving
Day. Prizes were distributed for regional winners
 and three top regional winners received a $5
000 prize each
 qualified as finalists
for the final event.&nbsp;&nbsp;Regional winners from all over the country then competed for the title of the &ldquo;Cutest Dog
Competition&rdquo; and that winner was awarded the $1 million prize. In November 2009
 the winner was announced.



000
000 obligation
payable over 30 years at 7.5% present value is $336
500.&nbsp;&nbsp;The discount of $663
500 is being amortized over 30 years with
an annual cash payment of $33
333.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company did not make any payments in the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.
As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 $402
849 and $378
533
 respectively were recorded as prize liabilities in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets.






 the Company
enters into a number of off-balance sheet commitments. These commitments expose the Company to varying degrees of credit and market
risk and are subject to the same credit and market risk limitation reviews as those recorded on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated
balance sheets. The Company leases space for its manufacturing operations in Shawnee
 Kansas and leases equipment used in operations
at that location. Amounts of minimum future annual commitments under non-cancelable operating leases are as follows:





    
167
599
    

    
150
327
    

    
106
029
    

    
108
022
    

    
45
305
    

    
577
282
    




 the Company
pays monthly rent for its corporate offices and rent for a warehouse forklift
 both on month to month basis
 totaling $6
395 per
month.





Note 9
 from time to time
 the Company is involved in litigation arising in the normal course of business. Management believes
that resolution of these other matters will not result in any payment that
 in the aggregate
 would be material to the Company&rsquo;s
consolidated financial position or results of operations.&nbsp;


    
    



12. SUBSEQUENT
EVENTS


 2013
 the Board of Directors
approved a private placement offering of up to 200
000
000 shares of common stock at $0.01 per share.&nbsp; This offering expired
on February 28
 2013. On March 1
 2013
 the Board of Directors approved a private placement offering of up to 285
714
000 shares
of common stock at $0.007 per share.


 2013
 the Board of Directors
authorized the Company to amend the Convertible Revolving Grid Note (Note 7) for a principal sum of up to $1
000
000 with Chief
Executive Officer Barry Schwartz and President
 Lisa Bershan dated March 6
 2012. The amendment reduced interest to 6.5% per year
extended the maturity date to 4 years
 and extended the conversion date to October 31
 2013. As of June 14
 2013
 Mr. Schwartz
and Ms. Bershan have loaned $521
000 under the terms of the Grid Note and such amount is convertible into 236
818
181 shares of
the Company&rsquo;s common stock.


 2013
 the Company entered
into an unsecured
 convertible promissory note with an unrelated third party for $103
500
 less a $3
500 fee.&nbsp; The loan bears
interest at 8% per annum and a balloon payment of principal and accrued interest is due on November 12
 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;At any
time 180 days after the date of the note
 the lender can convert the principal and accrued interest into shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock at a 39% discount based on the average of the lowest three trading prices during a ten day period ending one day prior
to the conversion date.&nbsp;



 the Board of Directors voted
to increase authorized shares from 1 billion and 10 million to 3 billion shares. As of June 14
 2013
 there were 837
929
245 shares
of common stock issued and outstanding.


 2013
to June 14
 2013
 the Company received and accepted subscriptions for 2
500
000 shares of common stock at $0.02 per share and 93
455
771
shares of common stock at $0.007 per share. Proceeds from the sales of equity securities aggregated $704
190
 less before offering
costs.


 2013
 All American Pet Company
&nbsp;Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) filed an action entitled All American Pet Company
 Inc. vs. Eric Grushkin et al
 in the
Superior Court of the State of California
 County of Los Angeles
 West District against defendant Eric Grushkin (Case Number: SC119776).
&nbsp;As previously announced
 on January 11
 2013
 &nbsp;the Company was made aware that a former employee sent communications
that contained intentionally misleading and harmful disclosures as well as confidential information regarding the Company to a
selected group of shareholders. These communications included allegations that the Company&rsquo;s chief executive officer and
president engaged in acts of malfeasance
 misfeasance and negligence in the management and conduct of the Company business. The
Company believes that this employee made multiple unauthorized disclosures of confidential information and misinformation to these
shareholders on January 10
 2013 and thereafter. The complaint seeks damages and injunctive relief for:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
violation of computer fraud and abuse act
 and




    
    
    



motions by the defendant have also been denied. This matter is currently pending in California State Court.



    















     








 Barry Schwartz
 certify that:


have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of All American Pet Company
 Inc.;


on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report;


on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented
in this report;


am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have:


such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known
to me by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and


in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the small business
issuer's most recent fiscal quarter (the small business issuer's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the small business issuer's internal control over financial
reporting; and


have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the small business issuer's
auditors of the small business issuer's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business issuer's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
information; and


fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer's
internal control over financial reporting.


 2013



    
    

    
    

    
    



    














     






 Barry Schwartz
 certify that:


have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of All American Pet Company
 Inc.;


on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report;


on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented
in this report;


am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have:


such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known
to me by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and


in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the small business
issuer's most recent fiscal quarter (the small business issuer's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the small business issuer's internal control over financial
reporting; and


have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the small business issuer's
auditors of the small business issuer's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business issuer's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
information; and


fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer's
internal control over financial reporting.


 2013



    
    

    
    

    
    




    
















     





18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 


this Annual Report of All American Pet Company
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2012
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Barry Schwartz
 Chief Executive
Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:


Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Date: June &nbsp;17
 2013 



    














     





18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 


this Annual Report of All American Pet Company
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2012
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Barry Schwartz
 Chief Executive
Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:


Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Date: June 17
 2013 



    












begin 644 image_001.jpg

#`P
!PD.#PT
#@L
#`S_

#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
M#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P


M:P@YEGD;A5&!P2Q559A48RD[(3:2NQ/C]\?_``[^SO\`#R7Q!X@FNV1YX[&Q



_A?H
17P)^S)_
MP7S^.W[6_P`9_#_@/PE\.OA1'KGB3S?LDFH:C?0VP\N)Y269=Q'RHW&
_2O7



$@DAN(








M3]W&.OF8KLPF7XC$MJC&Z6K?1(PK8JG2MSNU]O
_1CS5*Y!R/:EWKC)(-?!G
CG7?&6BZ//=Z
M/8;#(;BX15P@Y<J
OL'+;




4;RV




*X']I71/B!XE^#^M6GPMU[P[X;\<7(-.O]<L'OK*(AAN5T1E.64
`WS!6




M!6XU.5

?M;6'PZ^*?P^^&


MZ\F


M'1_@OXEUMQ;:9XQ\$W#VFG?:6*JB7%K(3'$&8X#`%
X!*YS7W]/-)1H*NZ+4

DBAXVX*GH?\_X^IK])/\`

T4I1
%F+
M




Z@1!GL&5?R
M#-LGJX2JU)6_K^O1Z
^UP6

V




M\#X
^+B1G;HUX?\`R`]=


M.S_P0E_Y2A_OUV:E_Z;;JOU*_X+D_\`!0#5_P!B?]G?3=*\'W7V3QWX_N9;
M.QO0`S:/:1IFXNU!_P6@+Q1IQPTQ;HAK[KBG#5

MI/929])?&?\`;/\`A3^SO=+;^.OB)X
\)W3@'[/JFK0P3C)&


LX!)/XO\)6\?RC

M0:=JD2F$WEJ6!






UU6SFMKN&
M.ZM+I&BFAE4.DB,I5E(/!4@D$=#FI=7U&VT72KF]NKB&UM;2-IIIIG1Q(HR
MS
3P``

M7)1XH)=P'SH0XXR
;:]?^)'Q7\-_!_PM+KOBO7-)\.:-`ZQO=ZC=);1!F(55
M#
0S$X`')K`T_XV^!OBO=WGAKPW\0/#-YKE]9RN(M&UBVN+^WC`M.B*6.4
M+`@E2`2
U^`'_!7;X4:W\#_VZM7\)ZMX_P#&'Q)DTVQT^^L=3\57C7MW`)TW

CA*2E!76Q^^WQ/

M_4?$EJUZ-4:1$+30+&4
3(`%6
DH0H&5YKW7_@JG^RQK&D_\$Y;Q_#OQ3^(/



KXT3PW1LVD\-RVHDW!2ZS.D31@DCET=DQ
MG//%?!G_``:[6T47Q+^

X%
M=$\MA@LXAA')N



^,UT\44Z#S-R<Y7;5]%:UEY_P1AD\JBP2T2T=O
M6_H?D9_P06\;6.A?\%*AK&NZM96$-QH.L/-=7US'#'([R1
27=@
D@G\#7[R




IP5W(2


\.PWL]^L$]T]PXEF??(VYN




[`$@E=B!N-X;%?0O[5O[+)_;1_P

.59E&P'L7![5K_`/!PO^TG'H7C
MKPS^S[X5CM/#OP^^'6FP7U]I=BHBM+BX=

B


M9)&4%6.YMV94



E?#*YUOPK*98H+OQ(YBNU:(QO&^V`%5=68$@DJ
M2


?'_+2=A_RSKS']J3XJO^R7_P`%



M6OU`_8`_87F_9\(:OJ'B7Q3J?Q!^*'C1XKCQ3XKU*YEN+B]:-2(K:)I62V
MA#



M
.G]BWG_I.]=$MP#P0P'KVKF/C1.LGP;\7@9!_L2\..^/L[UXE!KFC?N=U3
M9^A_/_\`\$)/^4HGPK_ZYZG_`.FVZKZF_P#H7PK?1^/?@_X@99'TE[+4M-#


M



M8+DJRB157?&=P#J6$IS5[X[_`+#_`
=_^OGQM\*7_Q2\.6OP0^$/@\O+;:-
M+JL6H^(+^23:)9,0@Q1,ZJ(PS,#&I)N6.?*HTZ='-?[0E4BZ2DY)J2N[]+;

M;EE]09(I!D=U-?)?_!R;^RRWPY_:8\/_`!5TR.2WL_'UF+.^FCR#%J-FBK&^

M#(


MJ/@-=:A')+X?^`WA-/$WBN-P1%/XIEW6L












MVP
?0X'
\-C


T
R!XY588*





S+
T;
TGE*[`@QXPL?*D@]:TX=HO!8^%2M4BH+?


#^Q-$/KQL

M8`_8X?K]Q:\1_PJ[JW_!-SXW@$9_X0^_\`;_ED:V/V7/&WQ?\`$7VG3_B;


ML-G?S6_C+R9]
ABF8R3*C6V)2$D8A











+4IS@TY-_B?

I`WQGE&`


M]UUXVDM[B%SNDTZ^C4@SV,I490\QMB2/#KSR91FU755*+V^ZW;^MMUU3VQ




D)(C.AQT#Y[5^G?_!1OX/:3_P`%D/V;_#?Q


_\`@H3\7K/7/%+V

D)`W22

MKE?LEU;.4EAE4PRP-QE61PK(PQ@J1P1C)K]=_P#@W
TR\UG]C;X\K;075R=0


X0=$$<9\H?/PY]QL-3^KT97EUEI?
M7]?_`$GUT.K*\JE4FZE2-ET1+^S%^R_J%UXBT_XB?$;3=+T_Q-867V'PIX4L




N









KNL5I$TSA

M*(E20



M1@GL7`KH*\Z47O+J;P:Z$7V0$@DL1G/4TW[`H&T$!?0``?ETJ?-&:EQ7ZE(B

M62L^3G.


P`[4X0```

PB#7%
MU#VXK+)'&&



M+%A37M05`W$8Z9YQ[\]ZFJ'4+DV=H\N&(C!8@*6)`&3@#))P.``3FJBMDBD]
TEM&D,4SPN?+E57`WQM@E1D8(KL$^[0U*+LUL3=-6&&`%2-S#-(E
MH%8D$@GTXJ6C-&

M6VH6Q.Y]




-5PM2VW9GT=XB_X*E_%/Q_*;CQ
M7I7PB\;:L


M`JS7YA?+A(CW%_D\_S#`X1.CAH+F6[[/M'S\^GK8]_*L)B*O[RL].@_P#9
MA_9AU)_%6E?$'XB:'I6D:UI5F+/P?X1LBDFE_#BP*;?(@V?NWOG38L]PH``7
MRXCY8)?Z.4#.0`*7:2!P.*49S[5^:5JTJDN9L^HA!15D%
;OUZT^DV\YK-;H

ML
J16!X7_9:\%^%=8OM2BT1+[4M0TUM'FO=5O;G5KHV3E3):B6[DE80
43=&


J(
!0H



_@#\




?NT++%&
A=RA2`1DYY;X0_LI1Z;\!_%'A3QQ'I


MI;+P%$T'A]+-YK$Z9$R)&\MZL875%#Q


^2ZF/
:':-HQBZ]#33O\`K8KV

ML







D:XRPKZ\@_9[\*P^`
M=;\


NU_9!^'=G'X
M6/PCHR)\,8Y4\+Q[8]&\R

V?FSN)):QE+6\=W?\_\`
KV
M^C.'C^



OB;XH?%OQSX'\&ZSIG@J+X=V5BVL




L;:YL

-]X\;PU8-XJU)XI;
MJ]+R
MQ+$BQQ3O`6

MR#4;R-YYOLE]=0(J0W$]L'$




M7[22QU*RG!
5U#(I#H0


-JG:?

M.68$
:_\`
M\)1*DKS20#4LEC<)$SF-[L6=54)(QRZL0#7LEI;FVM4C`4!!@`=`!T%<^(Q

MU*#49[;R)BWS`06\
$*+@`)&IQSD]?BE]N^,O@KX8_V;2=#\.ZOX?OO&%]


&?%USX+O#I/@K0[0?8FO=1M[,2
M75MYTC_OA]I?[.LC!`TD,P^0<+[YHWP#\*:''X7CM/#^D6<'@AG;P_!!`(X=
M&W0M`QA08DQ.ZYQT=NY)/-:M^Q#\+=7^'^M^%W\#Z)#HWB+53KNH1VWF6LU
MQJ'G&87?GQ




:;_P



OQCLM`NM!3PG\-O`T&HO/)I3
MW'V'5[J24VEJ6
BFYNID2(+`NQ%^U1
SL3BM+XKZMXZ\??%+]G3P?=^.[;2=

M1M:\)Z+JND^

9%/U+]F3P1JW

!N&3@C-2L51C;E

IZO//<7#




M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
AHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`/__9
`
end



