

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-14-144339
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20131231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20140415
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20140415
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Amincor
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001167905
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CANNED
 FROZEN & PRESERVED FRUIT
 VEG & FOOD SPECIALTIES [2030]
		IRS NUMBER:				880376372
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-49669
		FILM NUMBER:		14765688
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1350 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
 24TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		347-821-3452
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1350 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
 24TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	JONING CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020220












 
U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
Washington
 DC 20549 
FORM 10-K






For the fiscal year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 




For the transition period from
 to


AMINCOR
 INC.


















1350 Avenue of the Americas
 Floor
 New York
 New
York 10019 

(Registrant&#146;s Telephone Number
 Including Area Code) 
(Former name
 former address and former fiscal year
 if changed since last report) 




Indicate by check mark if the
registrant is a well known seasoned issuer


Section&nbsp;13 or Section&nbsp;15(d) of the Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;

such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

 and will not be contained
 to
the best of registrant&#146;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.&nbsp;&nbsp;

 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See
definition of &#147;large accelerated filer
&#148; &#147;accelerated filer
&#148; and &#147;smaller reporting company&#148; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Check one: 

































 there has been no active trading market in Registrant&#146;s Stock and therefore no market value has been computed. 

 2014
 there were 8
996
355 shares of Registrant&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock and 21
286
344 shares of Registrant&#146;s Class B
Common Stock outstanding. 




 


































































ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANTS COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES




























































ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE











ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS





























ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES





 



 

 unless the context indicates otherwise
 the terms &#147;Amincor
&#148; &#147;Company
&#148;
&#147;Registrant
&#148; &#147;we
&#148; &#147;us&#148; and &#147;our&#148; refer to Amincor
 Inc.
CAUTIONARY
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and
uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts
 but rather are based on current expectations
 estimates and projections about us
 our industry
 our beliefs
 and our assumptions. Words such as &#147;anticipates
&#148;
&#147;expects
&#148; &#147;intends
&#148; &#147;plans
&#148; &#147;believes
&#148; &#147;seeks
&#148; &#147;estimates
&#148; &#147;would
&#148; &#147;should
&#148; &#147;scheduled
&#148; &#147;projects
&#148; and variations of these words and
similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks
 uncertainties
 and other factors
 some of which are beyond our control and difficult to
The forward-looking
statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K speak only as of the date hereof and caution should be taken not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to certain events
 risks and
uncertainties that may be outside of our control. When considering forward-looking statements
 you should carefully review the risks
 uncertainties and other cautionary statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as they identify certain important
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the forward-looking statements. These factors include
 among others
 the risks described under Item&nbsp;1A Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE
We are required to file quarterly and annual reports and other information with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
(&#147;SEC&#148;). You may read and copy this information
 for a copying fee
 at the SEC&#146;s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 N.E.
 Washington
 D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for more information on its Public Reference
Room. Our SEC filings will also be available to the public from commercial document retrieval services
 and at the Web site maintained by the SEC at 
. The website contains a link to the SEC&#146;s Web site
 where electronic copies of the materials
we file with the SEC are available for viewing (including annual reports on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K and other required filings). 
 



 

Amincor
History of the
Amincor
 Inc. was incorporated under the laws of the state of Nevada on October&nbsp;8
 1997 under the name GSE Group
 Inc. GSE Group
 Inc.
was originally formed to provide consulting services for reverse mergers to public shell corporations and private companies seeking to gain access to the public markets. On October&nbsp;20
 1997
 GSE Group
 Inc. changed its name to Global Stock
Exchange Corp. and on April&nbsp;28
 2000
 Global Stock Exchange Corp. changed its name to Joning Corp (&#147;Joning&#148;). In July 2000
 Joning ceased its business activities. On March&nbsp;8
 2002
 Joning filed a Registration Statement on Form
10-SB under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the &#147;Exchange Act&#148;) as a shell company with the purpose of finding a suitable company for a reverse merger transaction. Joning ceased filing periodic reports subsequent to its filing of its
Form 10-QSB on October&nbsp;24
 2004 as it did not have the personnel or resources to continue the filings and there was no operating business or pending business transactions. On February&nbsp;2
 2010
 Joning changed its name to Amincor
 Inc. On
August&nbsp;4
 2010
 Amincor
 Inc. filed its Form 10 registration statement and became a public reporting company on October&nbsp;4
Overview
Amincor
 Inc. is a holding company operating through its operating subsidiaries Baker&#146;s Pride
 Inc.
 Environmental Holding Corp. and Tyree
Holdings Corp. Additionally
 Amincor Contract Administrators
 Inc. and Amincor Other Assets
 Inc. are subsidiaries with minimal operations. As of June&nbsp;30
 2011
 management elected to discontinue the operations of its subsidiaries Masonry Supply
Holding Corp. and Tulare Frozen Foods
 LLC. As of September&nbsp;30
 2011
 management elected to discontinue the operations of its subsidiary Epic Sports International
 Inc. As of April&nbsp;1
 2013
 management elected to discontinue the operations
of its subsidiary Environmental Quality Services
Amincor&#146;s officers and directors are responsible for the strategic direction of the operating
subsidiaries. The Company accomplishes this through strategic planning
 raising capital for business expansion via internal growth or acquisition based growth and exploring unique opportunities for each subsidiary. The executive management team of
each subsidiary company has substantial experience in their respective fields and have responsibility for the operation of their business unit subject to overall direction of Registrant&#146;s management. 

their business plans and in making necessary financial and other resources available. This is accomplished through frequent site visits
 weekly and monthly conference calls and various reporting requirements such as budget to actual comparisons
cash flow monitoring
 accounts payable and accounts receivable management
 credit and collections
 and periodic reporting by the subsidiary management to Amincor. 
 



 

 Ltd.
 and office supplies
 office equipment
 office space and other materials required for the
performance of its business from Capstone Capital Group
 LLC. Currently
 Capstone has 10 full-time employees including Messrs. John R. Rice III and Joseph F. Ingrassia who dedicate approximately 70% of their time to Amincor business and no part-time
AMINCOR
 INC.&#146;S SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES 
Amincor Contract Administrators
 Inc. 

 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 incorporated on August&nbsp;25
 2010
 is a wholly owned subsidiary of Registrant formed to
administer various contracts
 related to certain assets held by Amincor Other Assets
 Inc. and the subsidiary companies
 including
 but not limited to certain international service contracts for Tyree Holdings Corp. 
Amincor Other Assets
 Inc. 

 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 incorporated on April&nbsp;5
 2010
 is a wholly owned subsidiary of Registrant formed to hold the rights
to certain physical assets
 including plant
 property and equipment
 which were foreclosed on or assigned to Amincor
Amincor Other Assets
 Inc.
formerly held the title to the 360
000 square foot facility where Allentown Metal Works
 Inc. formerly operated. The property was sold in April 2013. 
Baker&#146;s Pride
 Inc. 
Baker&#146;s Pride
 Inc.
 a Delaware
corporation
 was incorporated on August&nbsp;28
Baker&#146;s Pride
 Inc. (&#147;BPI&#148;) consists of two operating entities; The Jefferson
Street Bakery
 Inc. (&#147;Jefferson Street Bakery&#148;)
 The Mt. Pleasant Street Bakery
Jefferson
Street Bakery produces several varieties of sliced bread. Historically
 its entire annual production of 19&nbsp;million loaves of bread and over 1.1&nbsp;million packages of donuts were sold to one client
 Aldi
 Inc.
 for five distribution centers
that services 332 stores in the Midwestern U.S. Jefferson Street Bakery
 through various predecessor entities
 had continuously supplied Aldi
 Inc. for approximately 34 years. On October&nbsp;31
 2012
 Aldi
 Inc. terminated BPI as a supplier to
Aldi
 Inc. due to BPI&#146;s inability to meet certain pricing
 cost and product offering needs. Jefferson Street Bakery has bid on new opportunities with Aldi
 Inc. but has to date not been awarded any business from Aldi. 

 but is in negotiations with many more who are involved in the sale
of both finished and unfinished yeast and cake doughnuts which are manufactured and flash-frozen bakery goods to be distributed to supermarket &#147;in-store&#148; bakery departments and food service channels. Mt. Pleasant Street Bakery facility has
increased its frozen storage capacity along with extensive room for several additional product lines. In addition
 Mt. Pleasant Street Bakery has completed the installation of a state of the art donut production system that can produce and freeze
many varieties of donuts at an average 
 




production rate of 26
700 donuts per hour. This facility also houses a cookie production system which will produce cookies at a rate of 2
300 lbs. or 3
000 one dozen packages of cookies per hour
in a variety of sizes
 flavors and shapes. The production of brownie and cake type bakery snack products will complete the first phase of the restart of Mt. Pleasant Street Bakery. Employees and Management are able to generate the cookie and
The remaining available space
 which management has deemed the final phase of the build-out of Mt.
Pleasant Street Bakery&#146;s 260
000 square foot facility
 is currently being studied for development which may include the installation of a high-speed bun and bread production system. The bun system is being designed to produce an average of
6
000 packages of buns per hour and the bread system will produce an average of 6
260 loaves of bread per hour (throughput). This throughput will enable BPI to respond to its current client&#146;s request for additional products and volume. In
addition
 it will also provide additional capacity to attract new clients and diversify its customer base. BPI will require additional funding in order to complete this project. 

 BPI received a $2.75 million dollar bridge loan from Central State Bank of State Center
 Iowa. This capital was used to acquire additional
equipment and to complete the installation and startup of its production and refrigeration machinery for the new donut
 cookie
 brownie and cake production systems at Mt. Pleasant Street Bakery. Central State Bank of Iowa has verbally agreed to
Major transitions are taking place in the baking industry. There is growing utilization of frozen
outsourced products rather than production from scratch at each site in the &#147;in-store&#148; bakery and food service channels. However
 one primary factor remains constant in all markets and in all categories: consumers are demanding value. BPI
sees these major transitions as opportunities to grow its business and diversify its product portfolio and customer base through direct sales and co-packing agreements. 
Historically
 BPI had significant
concentration in one customer
 Aldi
 Inc.
 which operates over 332 grocery stores in the Midwestern U.S.
 of which BPI serviced approximately 200. BPI has expanded its customer base through the introduction of additional product categories and
SKU&#146;s. Aldi was responsible for approximately 0%
 89.5%
 and 91.1% of BPI&#146;s revenues for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011 respectively. 

 2012
 Aldi
 Inc.
 BPI&#146;s most significant customer
 terminated BPI as a supplier to Aldi
 Inc. due to BPI&#146;s inability to meet
certain pricing
BPI&#146;s management and sales team has been successful in establishing new customers to replace the
Aldi
 Inc. bread business
 however
 the combination of new established customers is still less than the historic size of Aldi
 Inc&#146;s business. Additionally
 management has diversified BPI&#146;s customer base and has executed contracts in
BPI&#146;s management and sales team continue to seek new private label
wholesale and co-pack customers for the donut and bread facilities and anticipates several large donut and bread customers to be under contract by the end of the second and third quarters of 2013. On March 22

 




2013
 BPI executed a Co-Packer Agreement with one of the world&#146;s largest family-owned food companies and leading supplier to the food service
 in store bakery
 retail and industrial
marketplaces. BPI will prepare
 manufacture
 process and package certain donut products and BPI management anticipates annual sales to be a minimum of $1
600
000
 with additional donut products and additional sales possible if so requested. 
BPI&#146;s goal in all markets it serves is to
help its customers to be successful by providing marketing and merchandizing assistance gained over many years of experience in the private label bakery business. The focus of its marketing activities will be on its private label wholesale and
co-pack customers rather than consumers because in most instances the products it produces are sold as private label brands or at retail under BPI&#146;s Flint Hills and Clear Lake Farms brands. 

 BPI markets directly to fresh bakery customers because of the limited geographic area it serves. 

now shipping both frozen bread and doughnut products which have significantly increased its geographic reach. BPI will continue to use its network of food brokers to assist in marketing this segment. 
The fresh packaged bread
 bun and donut
market is very competitive and is dominated by large bakeries whose primary focus is branded bread
 buns and donuts. Of these
 Grupo Bimbo SA de C.V. with its recent purchase of the North American Sara Lee Fresh Bakery business and its previous
acquisition of Weston Bakeries USA
 will have the most impact on this trading area. BPI also competes with Hostess Brands (which filed for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy protection in 2012)
 Campbell Soup Company (Pepperidge Farms) and Lewis Brothers
Bakeries
 Inc.
 an independent regional bakery. BPI believes the efficiency it offers as a dedicated baker of private label/ store branded bakery products gives it a competitive advantage while delivering value to the consumer. The liquidation of
the Hostess bakery operation by the US Bankruptcy Court has created potential opportunities for BPI with regard to co-packing both bread and doughnut products as a result of having excess capacity available at its state of the art facilities. 

 cookies and brownies will be designed for supermarket &#147;in-store&#148; bakery departments and food service
channels. These frozen products will face competition from companies such as Dawn Foods
 Maplehurst Inc.
 Bake &#145;n Joy
 Inc. and CSM
 a multinational company with an increasing presence in the U.S. due to its acquisition of Best Brands
 Inc. and
Bake Mark
Intellectual Property
BPI received approval from the USPTO for the trademark BROWNIE CAKES
 as filed with the USPTO under registration number 3995128 which will be used in
the development of its brownie
 business. BPI has been utilizing the brand names Clear Lake Farms and Flint Hills for its proprietary cookie
 donut and bread products. 
 



 

 sugars and other sweeteners; soybean or other vegetable oil products; salt
 yeast and other leavening agents
as well as commercial bakery pre-mixes. When it begins production of the donut
 cookie and brownie categories it will add eggs
 chocolate
 butter
 raisins and nutmeats to its primary ingredient list. BPI also uses a large amount of plastic and other
packaging materials to wrap its products to ensure freshness and wholesomeness. BPI&#146;s facilities use natural gas for ovens and donut fryers as well as electricity to power other equipment. Some fluctuations in the cost of these items are normal
because most are dependent on growing conditions and demand by consumers. In most cases these normal fluctuations can be managed by forward buying or fixed supply contracts. 
BPI is a producer of bakery goods
 therefore
its facilities are subject to federal agencies such as the Food and Drug Administration
 Department of Agriculture
 Federal Trade Commission
 Department of Commerce and the Environmental Protection Agency with respect to processes used for
production
 quality of products
 packaging
 and labeling as well as storage and distribution of products. Under various regulations and statues
 these agencies prescribe required and established standards for quality
 wholesomeness and labeling.
Failure to comply with these agencies requirements may result in letters of warning
 fines
BPI&#146;s operations
 like others in the
baking industry
 are subject to various federal
 state and local laws in regard to environmental matters. BPI believes that compliance with existing environmental laws and regulation will not materially affect its financial conditions or its
BPI&#146;s products
operations and facilities are subject to state and local regulations which are monitored through licensing
 enforcement by state health and agriculture agencies of various local and state standards and inspections. The cost of compliance with such
laws and regulations has not adversely affected on the BPI&#146;s business 

the number of employees is expected to grow significantly. BPI&#146;s Chief Executive Officer is Robert Brookhart
 who formerly served as the President of BPI. 
Advanced Waste&nbsp;&amp; Water Technology
 Inc. 
Advanced Waste&nbsp;&amp; Water Technology
Inc. (&#147;AWWT&#148;)
 a Delaware corporation
 was incorporated on November&nbsp;17
 2011. AWWT was inactive through April&nbsp;30
 2012
 and had no significant assets or liabilities as of April&nbsp;30
 2012. AWWT became an Amincor company as of
May&nbsp;1
 2012 and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Environmental Holding Corp. AWWT provides certain water remediation services in the northeast United States. 
 




 2012 AWWT acquired the assets of Environmental Water Treatment
 LLC through an assumption of
certain liabilities and assets
 a note to the seller in the amount of $50
000 and the requirement to post a letter of credit to the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation (&#147;NYS DEC&#148;) by June&nbsp;30
 2013. AWWT has paid
$25
AWWT is the
only licensed water treatment facility on Long Island that is capable of treating and discharging petroleum impacted water into the sanitary sewer system. Since the acquisition of Environmental Water Treatment
 LLC management has expanded the NYS
DEC permit and is able to accept other waste water streams other than petroleum impacted water. AWWT&#146;s President
 Patricia Werner-Els
 was selected as an EPA Panel member for water treatment technology and AWWT&#146;s technology has been
highlighted in North Eastern Driller Magazine. 

 petroleum marketers
 jobbers
 municipal entities
 school districts
 industrial facilities and other
businesses which regularly have water accumulation within their underground storage tanks. 

build firms
 which consists of consulting
 engineering and construction companies who build waste water treatment facilities to cater to specific remediation needs
 (2)&nbsp;Utilities and other treatment operators
 which consists of businesses that
produce waste water and seek to have an off or on-site remediation strategy for their waste water add (3)&nbsp;Wastewater equipment vendors
 which consists of businesses selling pre-made wastewater treatment solutions. AWWT seeks to compete in all
of these areas by continuing to operate its wastewater treatment plant in Farmingdale
 NY and by utilizing its license to treat wastewater treatment streams at their source with electrocoagulation (&#147;EC&#148;) technology. 

discharge their water at AWWT&#146;s facility. Management recently signed an expanded licensing agreement with H2O Tech
 Inc. to use their EC technology. The EC technology provides for a non-chemical
 green water treatment technology for
agricultural
 municipal
 industrial and frack water. The Company has been marketing its service throughout the Marcellus and Utica shales and to selected water users in agricultural
 municipal and industrial applications. 

 working with clients in the Northeast as opposed to national accounts
 our main competitors
serve the same target market; local regulatory authorities
 consultants
 engineers
These local competitors include such companies
as: 
Paradise Energy
 Inc. 

 




wastewater AWWT can deal with. The U.S. government has shown an increased willingness to enact and enforce environmental regulations and has set ambitious targets in areas such as renewable energy and provisions of clean water. Because of this
 AWWT
In addition to municipal
 industrial and agricultural
markets
 AWWT intends to become a full service environmental treatment provider for large scale fracking projects providing residual waste processing services
 on-site mobile wastewater treatment units and turn key solutions for wastewater disposal
or reuse. AWWT is currently working to solidify a relationship and is exploring a wastewater treatment opportunity with a major driller in the Marcellus Shale. AWWT will utilize key resources within the Joint Land Owners Coalition of New York as
well as other environmentalist organizations to strategically position the Company. Management believes that water recycling is a standard that will be adopted by most industrial countries throughout the world in order to maintain fresh water
supplies for their populations. EC technology can facilitate the attainment of this standard. 

the President of AWWT. 
Tyree Holdings Corp.
 a Delaware corporation
was incorporated on January&nbsp;7
On January&nbsp;17
 2008
 Tyree Holdings Corp. (&#147;Tyree&#148;) acquired certain business assets and assumed
certain liabilities of Tyree&#146;s predecessor companies
 which have continuously operated since 1930. Tyree is currently one of the largest multi-faceted retail petroleum and environmental services providers of the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic
regions of the United States. Tyree Holdings Corp. services over 1
200 gas stations from Maine to Maryland. Headquartered in Mt. Laurel
 New Jersey
 Tyree has additional locations in New York
 Connecticut
 Pennsylvania and Massachusetts. 

 with most major petroleum companies divesting their marketing and retail
distribution divisions. This strategy is leading to the creation of many
 smaller
 independent companies which own
 in many cases
 hundreds of gas stations that need to have regulatory
 maintenance
 rehabilitation
 and environmental remediation work
performed. This shift is opening a niche market for companies able to provide these independent companies with strategic guidance
 compliance
 installation
 maintenance and environmental services. Tyree is positioned to provide a variety of these
services which includes building new gas stations
 maintaining existing gas stations
 providing environmental monitoring and remediation services
 professional support services
 and decommissioning gas station and bulk storage facilities for change
in use. 
 




 Environmental/ Compliance/
Engineering and Construction. The Maintenance business unit accounts for approximately 38% of sales and performs the associated maintenance tasks needed to keep a gasoline service station in operation. The Maintenance business unit performs about
50
000 service calls per year; the Environmental
 Compliance and Engineering business unit accounts for 36% of sales and performs the remediation services needed to clean ground water and soil at sites where petroleum releases have occurred. The
Environmental
 Compliance and Engineering business unit has about 350 locations in its portfolio; the Construction business unit accounts for 25% of sales and manages 10 - 12 construction crews throughout the year. Its primary focus is the removal
and installation of petroleum storage and delivery systems; the remaining 1% of sales is related to Manufacturing and International sales consisting of parts distribution and professional services. 

 Tyree is aggressively attempting to expand its current customer base and increase market share. A two-fold
approach is being rolled out involving improved organic growth and acquisitions. In 2013
 Tyree employee training coupled with capital investment in technology
 is being employed to target improved customer service. Tyree will also seek to merge
with or acquire one or two companies that would strategically improve its environmental service capability and yield top and bottom line improvements. 
Tyree&#146;s customers fall into four main
categories: 





 including Getty Marketing
 Getty Realty
 Gulf/Cumberland Farms
 Hess
 Exxon
 Shell
 BP and Sunoco. Contracts are typically multi-year and services are being provided by all Tyree business
units. This class of customer represents approximately 60% of the company&#146;s total sales. Tyree has established strong client relationships. The largest contracts are with Getty Realty
 which accounts for approximately 61% of Tyree&#146;s sales.






 including Arfa
 Atlantic Management
 Capitol Petroleum
 Leon Petroleum
 Green Valley and Wholesale Fuels. Contracts are typically multi-year and services are being provided by all Tyree
business units. This class is growing as the Traditional Oil Companies divest sites and represents approximately 15% of sales. 





 including GES
 Kleinfelder
 LIRO
 Skanska
 Whiting Turner
 and Tanknology. Contracts are typically job specific and the result of being awarded a competitively bid project. Projects may be large and
carryover from year to year. This class of customer represents approximately 15% of sales. 





 including various local and state governmental agencies
 private and public sector companies and agencies. Contracts are typically job specific and the result of being awarded a
competitively bid project. This class of customer represents approximately 10% of sales. 
 



 

(ii)&nbsp;Pump&nbsp;&amp; Tank construction and maintenance services. The Environmental and Compliance services segment includes professional services companies that tend to compete throughout the marketplace. There are only a small number of
competitors in Tyree&#146;s market area and includes companies such as Delta Environmental
 GES
 SAIC and Tanknology. The Pump&nbsp;&amp; Tank service providers tend to be comprised of smaller
 privately owned companies that are very competitive in
their respective geographies. However
 they tend not to stray from their immediate market area. Many of these companies have been weakened by the recent economic slowdown. The larger companies in Tyree&#146;s market area include Jones and Frank
LLC
 Island Pump&nbsp;&amp; Tank
 Fenley&nbsp;&amp; Nicol Environmental
 and Gem Star Construction in the New York City/ Long Island area
 Salamone Bros.
 Inc in New Jersey
 and Gateway Petroleum in the Philadelphia area. 
Tyree currently has 110 full-time employees
and 3 part time employees
 some of whom are represented by six different collective bargaining agreements. Tyree has unpaid obligations for union dues of approximately $1.3 million. Tyree management does not dispute that benefits are due and owing
to the respective unions. Labor contracts expired on December&nbsp;31
 2012 for five of the six bargaining units. Local 355 has entered into a 36 month payment agreement with Tyree Services
 Inc.
 to settle Tyree&#146;s obligation. The monthly
payment is $20
000 per month until paid in full. Local 200 has agreed to settlement its law suit for a $25
000 down payment and monthly payments of $5
000 per month for 28 months. Tyree Services
 Inc. will sign the settlement and Tyree Holdings
Inc. will act as a guarantor. Local 99 has entered into a verbal settlement agreement with Tyree Services
 Inc calling for monthly payments of $4
000 per month. 24 payments remain. Local 138 has entered into a verbal settlement agreement with Tyree
Services
 Inc. Call for monthly payments of $10
000 per month for 18 months. Local 25 has agreed to a continuance of their law suit while Tyree&#146;s counsel and Local 25 counsel draft a settlement agreement. It is anticipated that the agreement
will call for payments of $5
000 per month for 24 months. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 management believes that its employee relations are good.

 who serves as the President and Chief Operating Officer
 William M. Tyree
 who serves as Vice-President
of Business Development and Robert L. Olson
 who serves as Chief Financial Officer. 

 2011
 management elected to discontinue the operations of Masonry Supply Holding Corp. and Tulare Frozen Foods
 LLC. On September&nbsp;30
2011
 management elected to discontinue the operations of Epic Sports International
 Inc. On April&nbsp;1
 2013
 management elected to discontinue the operations of Environmental Quality Services
 Inc. (See Item&nbsp;7 below). 

 the combined results of Masonry Supply Holding
Corp.
 Tulare Frozen Foods
 LLC
 Epic Sports International
 Inc. and Environmental Quality Services
 Inc. have been presented on our financial statements as discontinued operations. As of December&nbsp;31
 2013
 the assets of Tulare
 Imperia
 Epic
and EQS have been liquidated. 
 



 



































Certain brands were owned by Amincor
 Inc. as a result of defaults by Whaling Distributors
 Inc. and Caffeine Culture
 Inc.
Amincor
 Inc. through a series of assignments acquired the right
 title and interest in the following trademarks as recorded with the USPTO: 









































In January 2012
 Amincor assigned all of its worldwide right
 title and interest in and to the &#147;Caffeine&#148; trademark
serial numbers 77 709 244 and 77 979 922
 to a certain individual
 as settlement in full for certain previous obligations. 




are not subject to these disclosure and reporting requirements.&nbsp;As a result
 we may be required to disclose certain information and expend funds on disclosure and financial and other controls that may put us at a competitive disadvantage to our
Shareholders will have little input regarding our management decisions due to the large ownership position held by our
existing management and thus it would be difficult for shareholders to make changes in our operations or management. Therefore
 shareholders will be subject to decisions made by management who are the majority shareholders
 including the election of
Our officers and directors directly own 7
694
266 shares of the total of 8
996
355 issued and outstanding Class&nbsp;A voting shares
of our common stock (or approximately 86% of our outstanding voting stock) and are in a position to continue to control us. Such control enables our officers and directors to control all important decisions relating to the direction and operations
of the Company without the input of our investors.&nbsp;Moreover
 investors will not be able to effect a change in our Board of Directors
 business or management. 
 



Our Class&nbsp;A Common and Class B Common shares are now quoted on the Over the Counter Bulletin Board
under the symbols &#147;AMNC&#148; and &#147;AMNCB&#148;
While the shares are now quoted on the Over the Counter Bulletin Board
until there is an established trading market
 holders of our common stock may find it difficult to sell their stock or to obtain accurate quotations for the price of the common stock.&nbsp;Even if a market for our common stock does develop
 our
stock price may be volatile
Broker-dealers may be discouraged from effecting transactions in our shares
Rules&nbsp;15g-1 through 15g-9 promulgated under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#147;Exchange Act&#148;)
 impose sales practice and disclosure requirements on broker-dealers who make a market in &#147;penny stocks.&#148; Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price
of less than $5.00 (other than securities registered on some national securities exchanges).&nbsp;On the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board
 our stock may be considered a &#147;penny stock.&#148; Purchases and sales of our shares are generally
Under the penny stock regulations
 a broker-dealer selling penny stock to anyone
other than an established customer or &#147;accredited investor&#148; (as defined by the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended) must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and must receive the purchaser&#146;s written consent to the
transaction prior to sale
In addition
 the penny stock regulations require the
broker-dealer to deliver
 prior to any transaction involving a penny stock
 a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating to the penny stock market
 unless the broker-dealer or the transaction is otherwise exempt.&nbsp;A broker-dealer is also
required to disclose commissions payable to the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities.&nbsp;Finally
 a broker-dealer is required to send monthly statements disclosing recent price information with
respect to the penny stock held in a customer&#146;s account and information with respect to the limited market in penny stocks.&nbsp;The additional sales practice and disclosure requirements imposed upon broker-dealers selling penny stock may
discourage such broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our shares
 which could severely limit the market liquidity of the shares and impede the sale of our shares in the secondary market. 


our common stock
 as any 
 




income would only come from any rise in the market price of our common stock
 which is uncertain and unpredictable. Investors that require liquidity should also not invest in our common stock.
There is no established trading market
 and should one develop
Holders of our
common stock may incur immediate dilution and may experience further dilution because of our ability to&nbsp;issue additional shares of common stock and as a result of the possible exercise of holders of our preferred stock to convert to common
stock after January&nbsp;1
We are authorized to issue up to 22
000
000 shares of Class&nbsp;A voting common stock and 40
000
000 shares or
Class B non-voting common stock and 3
000
000 shares of Preferred Stock.&nbsp;At present
 there are 8
996
355 Class&nbsp;A common shares and 21
286
341 Class B common shares and 1
752
823 shares of Preferred Stock (which since January&nbsp;1
 2011
have been convertible into Class B common shares on the basis of ten Class B common shares for each Preferred Share) issued and outstanding.&nbsp;Our Board of Directors has the authority to cause us to issue additional shares of Class&nbsp;A common
stock without the consent of any of our stockholders. Consequently
 our stockholders may experience more dilution in their percentage of ownership in the future. 

 the conversion of our Preferred shares on the basis of ten Class B Common Shares for each Preferred Share would result in dilution to our current
As of the date
of this filing
 there were 55 Class&nbsp;A stockholders of record
 owning all of the 8
996
355 issued and outstanding shares of our Class&nbsp;A common stock; there were 88 institutional shareholders of record owning all of the 21
286
341 issued and
outstanding shares of our Class B non-voting common stock and there were 35 institutional shareholders of record owning all of the 1
752
823 issued and outstanding shares of our Preferred Stock. 


 the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
 or FINRA
 has adopted rules that require that
in recommending an investment to a customer
 a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low priced securities to their non-institutional customers
broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer&#146;s financial status
 tax status
 investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules
 FINRA believes that there is a high
probability that speculative low priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. The FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock
 which may limit your
ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market for our shares. 
 



We are subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act that will require us to incur
audit fees and legal fees in connection with the preparation of such reports. These additional costs could reduce or eliminate our ability to earn a profit. 

with these requirements
 our independent registered public accounting firm will have to review our financial statements on a quarterly basis and audit our financial statements on an annual basis. Moreover
 our legal counsel will have to review and
assist in the preparation of such reports. The costs charged by these professionals for such services cannot be accurately predicted at this time because factors such as the number and type of transactions that we engage in and the complexity of our
reports cannot be determined at this time and will have a major affect on the amount of time to be spent by our auditors and attorneys. However
 the incurrence of such costs will obviously be an expense to our operations and thus have a negative
effect on our ability to meet our overhead requirements and earn a profit. We may be exposed to potential risks resulting from new requirements under Section&nbsp;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports
or prevent fraud
 our business and operating results could be harmed
 investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information
 and the trading price of our common stock
 if a market ever develops
 could drop significantly. 
The directors and
officers of the Company have no obligation to devote full time to the business of the Company. They are required to devote only such time and attention to the affairs of the Company
 as they may deem appropriate in their sole discretion. It is
anticipated that they will each spend approximately 70% of their time on their duties related to Amincor but they are under no obligation to continue to do so
 nor are they restricted by an agreement not to compete with the Company and they may
GENERAL RISK FACTORS
&nbsp;Amincor needs additional capital in the future to fund the operations and growth of our
subsidiary companies and this new capital may not be available. In the event such additional capital is not available
 Amincor may need to file for bankruptcy &nbsp;protection. 

Amincor may raise additional funds through public or private debt or equity financings. However
 there can be no assurance that such resources will be sufficient to fund the operations of Amincor or the long-term growth of the subsidiaries
businesses. Amincor cannot assure investors that any additional financing will be available on favorable terms
 or at all. Without additional capital resources
 Amincor may not be able to continue to operate
 take advantage of unanticipated
opportunities
 develop new products or otherwise respond to competitive pressures
 and be forced to curtail its business
 liquidate assets and/or file for bankruptcy protection. In any such case
 its business
 operating results or financial
Amincor&#146;s independent registered public accounting firm has expressed substantial doubt about
Amincor&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern in the audit report on the Company&#146;s audited financial statements for the three fiscal years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 included herein. (See Item&nbsp;7 &#150; (Management&#146;s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#148;) 
 



Our ability to retain key personnel in each of operating subsidiaries will be an important factor in the
We are
highly dependent upon the management personnel of our subsidiary companies because of their experience in their respective industries. The competition for qualified personnel in the market in which our subsidiaries operate is intense and the loss of
the services of one or more of these individuals in any of these business segments may impair management&#146;s ability to operate our subsidiaries.&nbsp;We have not purchased key man life insurance on any of these individuals
 which insurance would
provide us with insurance proceeds in the event of their death. Without key man life insurance
 we may not have the financial resources to develop or maintain an affiliated business until we could replace such individual and replace any business
lost by the departure of that person. 

 greater financial
technical and marketing resources
 and enjoy existing name recognition and customer bases. Competitors may be able to respond more quickly to technological change
 competitive pressures
 or changes in consumer demand. As a result of their
advantages
 competitors may be able to limit or curtail our ability to compete successfully. These competitive pressures could materially adversely affect our subsidiary businesses&#146;
 financial condition
 and results of operations. 
Global economic conditions may materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 including the impact of recessions in the United States and throughout the world
 may negatively affect our business and
financial results.&nbsp;These economic conditions could negatively impact (i)&nbsp;consumer demand for our products
 (ii)&nbsp;the mix of our products&#146; sales
 (iii)&nbsp;our ability to collect accounts receivable on a timely basis
(iv)&nbsp;the ability of suppliers to provide the materials required in our operations and (v)&nbsp;our ability to obtain financing or to otherwise access the capital markets.&nbsp;The strength of the U.S. dollar versus other world currencies could
result in increased competition from imported products and decreased sales to our international customers.&nbsp;A prolonged recession could result in decreased revenue
 margins and earnings.&nbsp;Additionally
 the economic situation could have an
impact on our lenders or customers
 causing them to fail to meet their obligations to us.&nbsp;The occurrence of any of these risks could materially and adversely affect our subsidiary businesses&#146; financial condition and results of operations.
Some of our operating subsidiaries may be subject to environmental laws and regulations that may result in its incurring unanticipated liabilities
Federal
 state and local authorities subject some of our facilities and
operations to requirements relating to environmental protection. These requirements can be expected to change and expand in the future
 and may impose significant capital and operating costs. 

 among other things
 the discharge of substances into the air
 water and land
 the handling
 storage
 use and
disposal of hazardous materials and wastes 
 




and the cleanup of properties affected by pollutants. If any of our subsidiary companies violate environmental laws or regulations
 they may be required to implement corrective actions and could
be subject to civil or criminal fines or penalties. There can be no assurance that we will not have to make significant capital expenditures in the future in order to remain in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Contamination and
exposure to hazardous substances can also result in claims for damages
 including personal injury
 property damage
 and natural resources damage claims. Future events
 such as changes in existing laws or policies or their enforcement
 or the
discovery of currently unknown contamination
Environmental requirements
may become stricter or be interpreted and applied more strictly in the future. These future changes or interpretations
 or the indemnification for such adverse environmental conditions
 could result in environmental compliance or remediation costs
not anticipated by us
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
Commodity price
Some of our subsidiaries purchase certain products which are affected by commodity prices and are
 therefore
 subject to price volatility
caused by weather
 market conditions and other factors which are not considered predictable or within our control. Although many of the products purchased are subject to changes in commodity prices
 certain purchasing contracts or pricing
arrangements have been negotiated in advance to minimize price volatility. Where possible
 we use these types of purchasing techniques to control costs. In many cases
 we believe we will be able to address commodity cost increases that are
significant and appear to be long-term in nature by adjusting our pricing. However
 long-term increases in commodity prices may result in lower operating margins at some of subsidiaries. 
While the prices
of a Subsidiary&#146;s products are projected to be in line with those from market competitors
 there can be no assurance that they will not decrease in the future. Competition may cause a subsidiary to lower prices in the future. Moreover
 it is
Risk Factors Affecting Baker&#146;s Pride
 Inc
On October&nbsp;31
 2012
 Baker&#146;s Pride
 Inc. (&#147;BPI&#148;) lost its primary customer. The loss of this customer adversely affected our results
of operations
 financial condition
Aldi
 Inc. accounted for 0.0 %
 89.5% and 92.1% of revenue for the years ended
December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
BPI was advised verbally on July&nbsp;12
 2012 and by written notice on July&nbsp;16
 2012 that effective October&nbsp;31
 2012
 Aldi
 Inc.
 BPI&#146;s most significant customer
would be terminating BPI as a supplier to Aldi
 Inc. due to BPI&#146;s inability to meet certain pricing
 cost and product offering needs. The loss of Aldi
 Inc. has had a materially adverse effect on BPI&#146;s results of operations and financial
condition in 2012 and 2013 to the date of this report. 
 



 

 which includes Robert Brookhart
 who is responsible for all operations
and sales of the business.&nbsp;The loss or unavailability of Mr.&nbsp;Brookhart could adversely affect its business and prospects and operating results and/or financial condition. 
While the prices
of BPI&#146;s products are projected to be in line with those from market competitors
 there can be no assurance that they will not decrease in the future. Competition may cause BPI to lower prices in the future. Moreover
 it is difficult to raise
prices even if internal costs of production increase. 

 oils
 and flour for ingredients.&nbsp;Many commodity prices have experienced recent volatility.&nbsp;Increases in commodity prices
Change in consumer preferences may adversely affect BPI&#146;s financial
BPI&#146;s success is contingent upon its ability to forecast the tastes and preferences of consumers and offer products
that appeal to their preferences.&nbsp;Consumer preference changes due to taste
 nutritional content or other factors
 and BPI&#146;s failure to anticipate
 identify or react to these changes could result in reduced demand for its products
 which
could adversely affect its financial and operational results.&nbsp;The current consumer focus on wellness may affect demand for its products.&nbsp;BPI continues to explore the development of new products that appeal to consumer preference trends
Product recall or safety concerns may adversely affect financial and operational results.
BPI may have to recall certain products should they be mislabeled
 contaminated or damaged or if there is a perceived safety issue.&nbsp;A
perceived safety issue
 product recall or an adverse result in any related litigation could have a material adverse effect on BPI&#146;s operations
 financial condition and financial results. 


an adverse impact on BPI&#146;s operations
Increases in logistics and other transportation-related
BPI&#146;s ability to competitively serve its customers depends on the
availability of reliable and low-cost transportation. BPI uses trucks to bring its products to market.&nbsp;Disruption to the timely supply of these services or increases in the cost of these services for any reason
 including availability or cost
of fuel
 regulations affecting the industry
 or labor shortages in the transportation industry
 could have an adverse effect on BPI&#146;s ability to serve its customer
 and could materially and adversely affect BPI&#146;s business
 financial
condition and results of operations. 
 



Risk Factors Affecting Advanced Waste&nbsp;&amp; Water Technology
 Inc. 
&nbsp;AWWT&#146;s results may fluctuate due to certain regulatory
 marketing and competitive factors over which AWWT has little or no control.
The factors listed below are outside of AWWT&#146;s control and may cause AWWT&#146;s revenues and result of operations to fluctuate
significantly
 including
 but not limited to: (i)&nbsp;actions taken by regulatory bodies relating to the verification and certification of AWWT products/services; (ii)&nbsp;the timing and size of customer purchases; and (iii)&nbsp;customer and/or
&nbsp;AWWT
AWWT believes that due to the constant focus on
the environmental standards throughout the world
 it may be required in the future to adhere to new and more stringent government regulations. Governmental agencies constantly seek to improve standards required for verification and/or certification
of products and/or services. In the event AWWT&#146;s products/services fail to meet these ever changing standards
 some or all of its products/services may become obsolete or de-listed from government verification having a direct negative effect on
Dependence on key personnel holding licenses
 permits and certifications.
AWWT&#146;s success depends to an extent upon the performance of its employees
 some of whom hold certain licenses
 permits and certifications
including
 but not limited to Ms.&nbsp;Patricia Werner - Els.&nbsp;The loss or inability to replace these employees holding the licenses
 permits or certifications necessary to conduct AWWT&#146;s business
 could adversely affect its business and
prospects and operating results and/or financial condition. Additionally
 AWWT holds a license for patented electrocoagulation technologies
 which is critical to its business operations. The loss of this license could adversely affect its business
and prospects and operating results and/or financial condition 
Tyree needs additional capital to fund the operations and growth of the company and this new capital may not be available. In the event such additional
capital is not available
Tyree management is working to secure additional available capital
resources and turn around Tyree&#146;s operations to generate operating income. However
 without additional capital resources
 Tyree may not be able to continue to operate and may be forced to curtail its business
 liquidate assets and/or file for
bankruptcy protection. In any such case
 its business
 operating results or financial condition would be materially adversely affected. 
 



Failure to complete a project timely or failure to meet a required performance standard on a project could
Completion dates and performance standards may be important requirements to a
client on a given project. If Tyree is unable to complete a project within specified deadlines or fails to meet performance criteria set forth by a client
 additional costs may be incurred by Tyree or the client may hold Tyree responsible for costs
they incur to rectify the problem. The uncertainty involved in the timing of certain projects could also negatively affect the Tyree&#146;s staff utilization
 causing a drop in efficiency and reduced profits. 
Subcontractor performance and pricing could expose Tyree to loss of reputation and additional financial or performance obligations that could result in
Tyree often hires subcontractors for its projects.&nbsp;The success of these projects depends
 in varying degrees
 on
the satisfactory performance of its subcontractors and Tyree&#146;s ability to successfully manage subcontractor costs and pass them through to its customers.&nbsp;If Tyree&#146;s subcontractors do not meet their obligations or Tyree is unable to
manage or pass through costs
 it may be unable to profitably perform and deliver contracted services.&nbsp;Under these circumstances
 Tyree may be required to make additional investments and expend additional resources to ensure the adequate
performance and delivery of the contracted services.&nbsp;In addition
 the inability of its subcontractors to adequately perform or Tyree&#146;s inability to manage subcontractor costs on certain projects could hurt Tyree&#146;s competitive
Tyree&#146;s services could expose it to significant liability not covered by insurance.
The services provided by Tyree expose it to significant risks of professional and other liabilities. In addition
 Tyree sometimes assumes
liability by contract under indemnification provisions. Tyree is unable to predict the total amount of such potential liabilities. Tyree has obtained insurance to cover potential risks and liabilities. However
 insurance may be inadequate or
Environmental and pollution risks could potentially impact Tyree&#146;s
Tyree is exposed to certain environmental and pollution risks due to the nature of some of the contract work it
performs. Costs associated with pollution clean up efforts and environmental regulatory compliance have not yet had a material adverse impact on its capital expenditures
 earnings
 or competitive position. However
 the occurrence of a future
Tyree incurs substantial costs to comply with environmental
requirements. Failure to comply with these requirements and related litigation arising from an actual or perceived breach of such requirements could also subject Tyree to fines
 penalties
 judgments and impose limits on Tyree&#146;s ability to
Tyree is subject to potential liability and restrictions under environmental laws
 including those relating to treatment
 storage and
disposal of gasoline
 discharges to air and water
 and the remediation of contaminated soil
 surface water and groundwater. If Tyree does not comply with the requirements that apply to a particular site or if it operates without necessary approvals
or permits
 Tyree could be subject to civil
 and possibly criminal
 fines and penalties
 and may be required to spend substantial capital to bring an operation into compliance or to temporarily or permanently discontinue activities
 and/or take
corrective actions. Those costs or actions could be significant and impact Tyree&#146;s results of operations
 cash flows and available capital. 
 




 Tyree may incur costs defending
against environmental litigation brought by governmental agencies and private parties. Tyree may be in the future be a defendant in lawsuits brought by parties alleging environmental damage
 personal injury
 and/or property damage
 which may result
in Tyree incurring significant liabilities. 

 decreases substantially during periods of cold weather
 when it snows or when heavy or sustained rains
fall.&nbsp;Consequently
 demand for Tyree&#146;s services are significantly lower during the winter.&nbsp;High levels of rainfall can also adversely impact operations during these periods as well.&nbsp;Such adverse weather conditions can materially
and adversely affect Tyree&#146;s results of operations and profitability if they occur with unusual intensity
 during abnormal periods
 or last longer than usual. 
Dependence on key personnel holding licenses
 permits and certifications. 

 some of whom hold certain licenses
 permits and certifications.&nbsp;The loss
or inability to replace these managers holding the licenses
 permits or certifications necessary to conduct Tyree&#146;s business
 could adversely affect its business and prospects and operating results and/or financial condition. 
Tyree needs to complete its negotiations with federal and state tax authorities to set up payment plans to pay down its payroll and sales tax
During the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 Tyree did not file certain required payroll tax returns on a timely basis
and did not properly pay its payroll tax liabilities
 including trust funds withheld on behalf of its employees. Through the assistance of an outside payroll services company
 Tyree filed all delinquent payroll tax returns during the fourth quarter
of 2013 and is currently in negotiations with federal and various state authorities to settle its remaining payroll tax obligations. Tyree estimates that its outstanding payroll tax liability
 including penalties and interest
 was approximately $4.7
million as of December&nbsp;31
During the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 Tyree did not file required sales tax returns in various
jurisdictions. Tyree subsequently filed the required returns and is currently in negotiations with various state authorities to settle the remaining sales tax liability. Tyree estimates that its outstanding sales tax liability
 including penalties
and interest
 is approximately $1.45 million as of December&nbsp;31
Tyree is exposed to the credit risk
 including bankruptcy
 of its
Tyree has various credit terms with virtually all of its customers
 and its customers have varying
degrees of creditworthiness. Although Tyree evaluates the creditworthiness of each of its customers
 Tyree may not always be able to fully anticipate or detect deterioration in their creditworthiness and overall financial condition
 which could
expose Tyree to an increased risk of nonpayment or other default under its contracts and other arrangements with them. In the event that a material customer or customers default on their payment obligations to Tyree or file for bankruptcy
protection
 this could materially adversely affect Tyree&#146;s financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows. 
 




 2011
 Tyree&#146;s largest customer
 Getty Petroleum Marketing
 Inc. (&#147;GPMI&#148;) filed
for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York. As of that date
 Tyree has a pre-petition receivable of approximately $1
515
401.27. As an unsecured creditor
 Tyree may never collect
or may only collect a small percentage of this pre-petition amount owed. Additionally
 Tyree has a post-petition administrative claim for approximately $593
709.20. Tyree may never collect or may only collect a small percentage of this post-petition
amount owed. A Proof of Claim was filed with the Bankruptcy court on Tuesday
 April&nbsp;10
 2012. GPMI&#146;s bankruptcy could materially adversely affect Tyree&#146;s financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows. 

 2012
 the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York confirmed GPMI&#146;s Chapter 11 plan of liquidation offered
by its unsecured creditors committee
 overruling the remaining objections. The plan provides for all of the debtors&#146; property to be liquidated over time and for the proceeds to be allocated to creditors. Any assets not distributed by the
effective date will be held by a liquidating trust and administered by a liquidation trustee
 who will be responsible for liquidating assets
 resolving disputed claims
 making distributions
 pursuing reserved causes of action and winding up
GPMI&#146;s affairs. As an unsecured creditor
 Tyree may never collect or may only collect a small percentage of the pre-petition amounts owed. In 2014
 the Trustee indicated that Tyree may collect a small percentage of the pre-petition and post
petition amounts owed. Subsequent thereto on April&nbsp;4
 2014 Tyree sold its unsecured general and administration claim to an unrelated third party for the aggregate sum of $553
661.96. 

 Tyree Environmental Corp. and Tyree Service Corp. (&#147;Tyree entities&#148;) were sued by liquidating trustee of GPMI for recovery of
preferential transfers in the respective amounts of $1
147
154 and $2
479
755. On March&nbsp;27
 2014
 the bankruptcy liquidating trustee entered into forbearance agreements with the Tyree entities with respect to the preference actions until June
2014
 with the understanding that the forbearance periods will be extended and the actions will ultimately be dismissed if the Tyree entities continue to not voluntarily assist Getty Realty in litigation against GPMI. We believe that this recovery
of preferential transfers has no merit or basis. 













806 square feet in a suite subleased by Capstone Business Credit
 LLC and Capstone Capital Group I
 LLC at 1350 Avenue of the Americas
 24th Floor
 New York
 NY 10019.&nbsp;This
space is rented to the Registrant and is currently suitable for the Registrant&#146;s operations. 




 Inc.&#146;s corporate headquarters is located at 3400 Mt. Pleasant St.
 Burlington
 Iowa
 which is an industrial warehouse building baking facility. Additionally
 Baker&#146;s Pride
 Inc. has
locations at 834 Jefferson Street
 Burlington
 Iowa
 a light manufacturing baking facility
 and 915 Maple Street
 Burlington
 Iowa
 a commercial building with unoccupied retail space. All three locations are partially utilized and are currently
suitable for Baker&#146;s Pride
 Inc.&#146;s operations. 
 







 Unit 105
 Mount Laurel
 New Jersey under a lease agreement. Tyree leases additional locations in New York
 Connecticut
 Pennsylvania and
Massachusetts. Tyree Holdings Corp. believes that each of the properties is currently suitable for its operations. 




 Inc.&#146;s offices are located at 208 Route 109
 Farmingdale
 NY under a lease agreement. Advanced Waste&nbsp;&amp; Water Technology
 Inc. believes that this property is
currently suitable for its operations. 



Capstone Business Credit
 LLC
 a related party
 was the plaintiff (on behalf of
Amincor Other Assets
 Inc.) in a foreclosure action against Imperia Family Realty
 LLC (&#147;IFR&#148;). IFR is related to the former owners of Masonry&#146;s business. As of December&nbsp;31
 2009
 the mortgage related to this Property was
assigned to Amincor
 Inc. and thereafter to Amincor Other Assets
 Inc. In November
 2011 a Judgment of Foreclosure was granted by the court ordering that the IMSC property in Pelham Manor
 New York (the &#147;Property&#148;) be sold at public
In accordance with the Judgment of Foreclosure a public auction sale of the Property was held on January&nbsp;10
 2012. Capstone Business
Credit
 LLC
 on behalf of Amincor Other Assets
 Inc.
 bid the amount of their lien and was the successful bidder and title to the Property has been transferred to Amincor Other Assets
 Inc. 

 2011
 Tyree&#146;s largest customer
 Getty Petroleum Marketing
 Inc. (&#147;GPMI&#148;) filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in the
United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York. As of that date
 Tyree had a pre-petition receivable of approximately $1
515
401.27. As an unsecured creditor
 Tyree may never have collected or may have collected a small
percentage of the pre-petition amount owed. Accordingly on April&nbsp;4
 2014 Tyree sold its unsecured general and administrative claims to an unrelated third party for the aggregate sum of $553
661.96 

 2012
 SFR Holdings
 Ltd.
 Eden Rock Finance Master Limited
 Eden Rock Asset Based Lending Master Ltd.
 Eden Rock Unleveraged Finance Master
Limited
 SHK Asset Backed Finance Limited
 Cannonball Plus Fund Limited and Cannonball Stability Fund
 LP (collectively
 the &#147;Plaintiffs&#148;) commenced an action in the Supreme Court of the State of New York County of New York against
Amincor
 Inc.
 Amincor Other Assets
 Inc.
 their officers and directors
 John R. Rice III
 Joseph F. Ingrassia and Robert L. Olson and various other entities affiliated with or controlled directly or indirectly by John R. Rice III and Joseph F.
Ingrassia (collectively the &#147;Defendants&#148;). Plaintiffs allege that Defendants engaged in wrongful acts
 including fraudulent inducement
 fraud
 breach of fiduciary duty
 unjust enrichment
 fraudulent conveyance and breach of contract.
Plaintiffs are seeking compensatory damages in an amount in excess of $150
000 to be determined at trial. Defendants believe that this lawsuit has no merit or basis and are vigorously defending it. 

 2012
 Sean Frost (&#147;Frost&#148;) filed a Complaint to Compel Arbitration Regarding Breach of Employment Contract and Related Breach
of Labor Code Claims and For an Award of Compensatory Damages in the Superior Court of the State of California
 County of San Diego against Epic Sports International Inc.
 Amincor
 Inc. and Joseph Ingrassia (collectively
 the
&#147;Defendants&#148;). The first cause of action is a petition to compel arbitration for unpaid compensation and benefits pursuant to Frost&#146;s employment agreement. The second cause of 
 




action is for breach of contract for alleged non-payment of expenses
 vacation days and assumption of certain debts. The third cause of action is for violation of the California Labor Code for
failure to pay wages due and owing. Frost is seeking among other things
 damages
 attorneys&#146; fees and costs and expenses. As of December&nbsp;31
 2013
 the Amincor Clients have answered the complaint in the Amincor Litigation and the California
lawsuit has been dismissed pending parties&#146; agreement to arbitrate the matter. Plaintiff has not yet requested arbitration or otherwise sought to initiate arbitration proceedings. The parties have been waiting since July of 2013 for Plaintiff
On March&nbsp;22
2013 Fleetmatics USA
 Inc. brought an action in the Supreme Court in the State of New York
 County of Suffolk against Tyree Equipment Corp. and Tyree Services Corp. seeking $313
176.09 plus interest and costs for services rendered. In June&nbsp;26
2013 a default judgment was entered against Tyree Equipment Corp. and Tyree Services Corp. in the amount of $328
083.29. On February&nbsp;24
 2014 All Safe Protection
 Inc. brought action against Tyree Holdings
 Corp. and other Tyree entities for
services rendered to Tyree in the amount of $236
817.98 plus interest and costs. On March&nbsp;3
 2014 American Express Travel related Services Company brought suit in the Supreme Court in the State of New York
 County of Nassau against Tyree
Holdings
 Corp. seeking the sum of $142
235.42 plus interest and cost for unpaid interest and charges. Counsel for Fleetmatics and All Safe have agreed to three year pay outs of the obligations based on a 60 month payment with a balloon payment due
A number of additional unsecured vendors
have either threatened to or have filed suit for non-payment of outstanding invoices
 as noted in Tyree&#146;s financial statements under accounts payable. Each of these matters
 which occurred in the ordinary course of business
 is handled on a
case by case basis
Other than noted above
 Registrant is not presently a party to any litigation
 claim or assessment
against it
 and is unaware of any unasserted claim or assessment which will have a material effect on the financial position or future operations of Registrant. No director
 executive officer or affiliate of the Registrant or owner of record or
beneficially of more than five percent of the Registrant&#146;s common stock is a party adverse to Registrant or has a material interest adverse to Registrant in any proceeding. 







Market Information
Our Class&nbsp;A Common and Class B Common shares are now quoted on the Over the Counter Bulletin Board under the symbols &#147;AMNC&#148; and
&#147;AMNCB&#148;
 respectively. While the shares are 
 




now quoted on the Over the Counter Bulletin Board
 until there is an established trading market
 holders of our common stock may find it difficult to sell their stock or to obtain accurate
quotations for the price of the common stock.&nbsp;Registrant is currently working with Janney Montgomery Scott to facilitate the depositing of shares by shareholders into trading accounts in order to create the ability to buy and sell shares on the
market
 with Janney Montgomery Scott acting as a market maker. 

 2012
 there were 55 Class&nbsp;A stockholders of record
 owning all of the 8
996
355 issued and outstanding shares of our Class&nbsp;A
common stock; there were 88 institutional shareholders of record owning all of the 21
286
341 issued and outstanding shares of our Class B non-voting common stock and there were 36 institutional shareholders of record owning all of the 1
752
823
Amincor&#146;s Class B Common and Preferred shares were issued to its stockholders based upon their
investments in the Capstone Funds
 as of December&nbsp;31
 2009. In exchange for their interests in the Capstone Funds
 the investors in the Capstone Funds received shares in Amincor based on the net asset value of their interests in the Capstone
Funds. A share price of $100.00 for Preferred Stock and of $10.00 for Class B non-voting common stock was established for the purpose of issuing shares in Amincor to the investors of the Capstone Funds in proportion to their respective interests in
the Funds and was not indicative of the actual value of the stock at the time of issuance. 

of management to utilize all available funds for the development of our business. 
 






The following table sets forth our selected consolidated
financial data derived from the audited consolidated financials of the Company for the five years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and should be read in conjunction with those statements
 which are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The
consolidated financial statements have been audited by Rosen Seymour Shapss Martin&nbsp;&amp; Company LLP. 











































































674





246





280





916





894




































475





395





781














































334





097





383










522









































062





675





534





926




































609





160





059





975





448




































509





448





962





704





805







































































































































































012





724





723





723





770

































































595





015





201





418





903




































207





930





448





343





234
























ITEM&nbsp;7. MANAGEMENT&#146;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with
 and is qualified in its entirety by
 our financial statements
and notes related thereto
 and other more detailed financial information appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Consequently
 you should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations
together with such financial statements and other financial data included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business and includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should review the &#147;Risk Factors&#148; section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for
a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following 
 




discussion and analysis. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events or otherwise. Further
information concerning our business
 including additional factors that could materially affect our financial results
 is included herein and in our other filings with the SEC. 
GOING CONCERN /
During the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 cash flows used in operating activities from continuing operations were
$7
083
006. This was principally due to a net loss from continuing operations of $16
334
515 which was partially offset by an increase in accrued expenses and other current liabilities of approximately $2.9 million
 an impairment of intangible
assets of approximately $1.8 million and add backs for depreciation approximately $1.8 million. The net loss from continuing operations is discussed in greater detail in the results from operations for the years ended December&nbsp;30
 2013 and 2012
For the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 cash flows provided by investing activities from continuing operations of $170
663
were primarily due to the sale of unutilized plant
 machinery and equipment at Baker&#146;s Pride
 Inc.&#146;s subsidiary Mt. Pleasant Street Bakery
 Inc. 

 2013
 cash flows provided by financing activities from continuing operations of $6
624
553 was primarily due to proceeds
For the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 total cash flows provided by discontinued operations was $226
554.
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have
been prepared on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets and settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. However
 as reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements
 we recorded a net
loss from continuing operations of $16
334
515 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013. We had a working capital deficit of $34
430
921 and an accumulated deficit of $100
852
132 as of December&nbsp;31
 2013. The results of the Company&#146;s cash
flows from continuing operations for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 have been adversely impacted by the customer slowdown in infrastructure capital expenditures caused by the general downturn of the economic conditions and cash flow issues
related to major customers. The Company has discontinued operations of IMSC
 Tulare and ESI in 2011 which had significant negative impact on the Company&#146;s cash flows in 2011. The Company&#146;s primary focus is to achieve profitable operations
and positive cash flow of its operations of its long established niche businesses - Tyree and Baker&#146;s Pride. 
 




 Rosen Seymour Shapss Martin&nbsp;&amp; Company LLP
 have stated in their audit report that there is
substantial doubt on the Company&#146;s ability to continue operations as a going concern due to our recurring net losses from operations
 and the Company having a significant negative working capital and (deficit) equity as of December&nbsp;31
2013. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our capability to raise additional funds through debt and equity financing
 and to achieve profitable operations. Our plans to continue as a going concern and to achieve a profitable
With respect to BPI
 management has successfully negotiated a contract for co-packing frozen donut products to one of
the worlds largest family owned food companies which is a global supplier to the food service and in store bakery retail industries. Management believes that this contract will pave the way for additional contracts from other significant food
companies in addition to increased business from the newly acquired customer. BPI has entered the frozen segment and is also positioning itself to enter back into the fresh bread manufacturing industry by placing significant and competitive bids to
strategic players within the fresh bread markets. Management believes that by September of 2014
 the Mt. Pleasant Street facility and the Jefferson Street facility will be operationally capable of supporting itself on its internally generated cash
flows. Management
 with its lender
 Central State Bank
 extended the bridge loan financing which will allow for BPI to extend its interest only financing on the new donut equipment until such time that BPI is able through its cash flow to make
With respect to Tyree
 management is projecting an increase in its environmental business through the end of 2014 and 2015.
Tyree&#146;s ability to succeed in securing additional environmental business depends on the ability of one of Tyree&#146;s primary customers to secure remediation work by bidding environmental liabilities currently present on gasoline stations and
referring this work to Tyree. Management is in the process of evaluating the profitability of Tyree&#146;s other divisions and intends to continue these operations provided that they continue to be profitable. In addition
 in 2013 Tyree&#146;s
management has liquidated or ceased additional purchases of similar inventory. As a result
 inventory is significantly lower year over year between 2013 and 2012. There was a significant increase in the reserve for obsolete inventory recorded during
the twelve months ended December&nbsp;31
 2013. Management continues to seek opportunities to liquidate excess inventory and intends to utilize cash flows generated from this decrease in inventory as additional working capital. 

of December&nbsp;31
 2013
 Tyree has a working capital deficit of approximately $19.5 million exclusive of amounts owed to Amincor and recorded a net loss of approximately $10.0 million for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013. Tyree has entered
into settlement agreements and continues to negotiate with creditors to pay off its outstanding debt obligations. However
 without additional capital resources
 Tyree may not be able to continue to operate and may be forced to curtail its business
liquidate assets and/file for bankruptcy protection. In any such case
 its business
 operating results or financial condition would be materially adversely affected. 

 management continues to market water technology under a licensing agreement executed in 2012. AWWT seeks to sell waste water treatment
equipment to large municipal
 industrial
 agricultural and commercial generators of waste water. Management is currently in discussion with multiple customers in this market and believes that there is a significant opportunity for consistent and
With respect to Amincor Other Assets
 there are significant assets currently
residing on Amincor Other Asset&#146;s balance sheet related to the discontinued operations of Imperia and Tulare in addition to assets available for sale. Management is currently in negotiations regarding the assets related to Tulare and is in the
process of finalizing the transaction to complete the sale of the asset. Management intends to liquidate these assets as soon as they are able to do so profitably. Management believes there is more value in these assets than is currently shown on

 




our balance sheet and any attempt to liquidate these assets quickly will decrease their value to
 or below
 what is currently showing on our balance sheet. In the meantime
 management is
utilizing these assets to the best of their ability by offsetting the costs associated with owning those assets by generating income from renting these properties out when possible. 

 Inc.&#146;s corporate offices
 Management continues to seek new financing from a financial institution in order to provide more
working capital to its subsidiary companies. Management has had discussions with many financial institutions of different types and has narrowed down eligible candidates to only a few. Management expects that by executing on the above plans for the
subsidiary companies and by acquiring new financing for working capital for its subsidiary companies
 Baker&#146;s Pride
 Tyree and AWWT will become profitable and be able to generate enough internal cash flow to operate independently of one
another. 

 Inc. (&#147;Samsung&#148;)
was also terminated. Volkl is seeking a $400
000 royalty payment. Epic has initiated counterclaims against the various parties
 including but not limited to Samsung
 seeking damages for
 including but not limited to infringement
 improper use of
company assets and breach of fiduciary duty. Volkl was successful in obtaining a judgment against Epic Sports International
 Inc. and a confirmation of the Arbitration is presently pending in Federal Court. Management believes that this matter and
On September&nbsp;28
 2012
 Sean
Frost (&#147;Frost&#148;)
 the former President of Epic Sports International
 Inc.
 filed a complaint against Epic Sports International Inc.
 Amincor
 Inc. and Joseph Ingrassia (collectively
 the &#147;Defendants&#148;). The first cause of action of
the complaint is a petition to compel arbitration for unpaid compensation and benefits pursuant to Frost&#146;s employment agreement. The second cause of action of the complaint is for breach of contract for alleged non-payment of expenses
 vacation
days and assumption of certain debts. The third cause of action of the complaint is for violation of the California Labor Code for failure to pay wages. In addition
 Frost is seeking among other things
 damages
 attorneys&#146; fees and costs and
As of the date this filing
 the case continues to be litigated and Management will update accordingly. 
One of Tyree&#146;s largest customers
 Getty
Petroleum Marketing
 Inc. (&#147;GPMI&#148;) filed for bankruptcy protection on December&nbsp;5
 2011. As of that date
 Tyree had a pre-petition receivable of $1
515
401
 which was subsequently written-off due to the uncertainty of collection.
Additionally
 Tyree has a post-petition administrative claim for $593
709. A Proof of Claim was filed with the Bankruptcy court on Tuesday
 April&nbsp;10
 2012. On August&nbsp;27
 2012
 the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of
New York confirmed GPMI&#146;s Chapter 11 plan of liquidation offered by its unsecured creditors committee
 overruling the remaining objections. The plan provides for all of the debtors&#146; property to be liquidated over time and for the proceeds
to be allocated to creditors. Any assets not distributed by the effective date will be held by a liquidating trust and administered by a liquidation trustee
 who will be responsible for 
 




liquidating assets
 resolving disputed claims
 making distributions
 pursuing reserved causes of action and winding up GPMI&#146;s affairs. As an unsecured creditor
 Tyree may never collect or
may only collect a small percentage of the pre and post-petition amounts owed. To date
 Tyree has not been notified of any intent by the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York to claw back any amounts paid to Tyree
As of the date of this filing
 Tyree management has negotiated settlements with Local Unions 99
 138 and 355. Tyree management continues to
negotiate with Local Unions 1
 25 and 200 over unpaid benefits that are due to each of the respective unions. As of December&nbsp;31
 2013
 Tyree had approximately $1.3 million in unpaid benefits. Tyree management does not dispute that benefits are
due and owing to each of the respective unions
 however
 settlement and payment plan discussions are ongoing. Local Unions 1 and 200 have each filed suit in the United States District Court Eastern District of New York to enforce their rights as to
the unpaid benefits due and owing from Tyree
 and as guarantor of certain amounts due and owing
 Amincor
 Inc. is also a named party in these lawsuits. 

Relations Act. By a letter dated May&nbsp;31
 2013
 the NLRB dismissed all charges against Tyree Service Corp. due to insufficient evidence to establish a violation. Local 200 intends to appeal the NLRB decision. 

 2013
 which
are reflected as liabilities on the Company&#146;s consolidated condensed balance sheet. Each of these actions is handled on a case by case basis
 to determine the settlement and payment plan. 
In connection with Baker&#146;s Pride&#146;s USDA
loan application
 BPI had Environmental Site Assessments performed on the property where the Mt. Pleasant Street Bakery
 Inc. resides
 as required by BPI&#146;s prospective lender. A Phase II Environmental Site Assessment was completed on
October&nbsp;31
 2011 and was submitted to the Iowa Department of Natural Resources (&#147;IDNR&#148;) for their review. IDNR requested that a Tier Two Site Cleanup Report (&#147;Tier Two&#148;) be issued and completed in order to better understand
what environmental hazards exist on the property. The Tier Two was completed on February&nbsp;3
 2012 and was submitted to IDNR for further review. Management&#146;s latest correspondence with IDNR
 dated March&nbsp;21
 2012
 required additional
environmental remediation in order to be in compliance with IDNR&#146;s regulations. Management has retained the necessary environmental consultants to become compliant with IDNR&#146;s request. Due to the nature of the liability
 the remediation
work is 100% eligible for refund from IDNR&#146;s Innocent Landowner Fund. As such
 there is no direct liability related to the cleanup of the hazard. 
The City of Lindsay
 California has invoiced
Tulare Frozen Foods
 LCC (&#147;TFF&#148;) $533
571 for outstanding delinquent amounts. A significant portion of the outstanding delinquent amounts are penalties
 interest and fees that have accrued. A settlement proposal
 whereby the City of
Lindsay would retain TFF&#146;s $206
666 deposit as settlement and release in full of all outstanding obligations was sent to the City of Lindsay for review on March&nbsp;29
 2012. As of the date of this filing
 no settlement has been reached. 
 




 2013 AND 2012 
Net revenues for the year ended December&nbsp;31
2013 totaled $28
674
581 as compared to net revenues of $51
246
412 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 a decrease in net revenues of $22
571
831 or approximately 44.0%. The primary reason for the decrease in net revenues is related to
Tyree&#146;s and BPI&#146;s operations. Tyree&#146;s net revenues decreased by approximately $10.0 million and BPI&#146;s net revenues decreased by approximately $12.9 million during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013. A detailed analysis of each
subsidiary company&#146;s individual net revenues can be found within their respective MD&amp;A sections of this Form 10-K. 

 2013 totaled $27
894
491 or approximately 97.3% of net revenues as compared to $42
181
596 or
approximately 82.3% of net revenues for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012. The primary reason for the increase in cost of revenues as a percentage of net revenues is related to BPI&#146;s operations. BPI&#146;s cost of revenues was 212.5% of
BPI&#146;s net revenues for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 as compared to 77.0% of BPI&#146;s net revenues for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012. A detailed analysis of each subsidiary company&#146;s individual cost of revenues can be
SELLING
 GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 

 general and administrative (&#147;SG&amp;A&#148;) expenses for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 totaled $11
255
633 as compared to $18
459
847
for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 a decrease in operating expenses of $7
204
214 or approximately 39.0%. The primary reason for the decrease in SG&amp;A expenses was related to BPI and Tyree&#146;s operations. BPI&#146;s operating expenses
decreased by approximately $2.4 million during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 as compared to the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 due to planned expense reductions resulting from the decrease in business resulting from the loss of their
customer at the end of 2012. Tyree&#146;s operating expenses decreased by $5.7 million during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 as compared to the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012. A detailed analysis of each subsidiary company&#146;s
individual operating expenses can be found within their respective MD&amp;A sections of this Form 10-K. 

 2013 totaled $10
475
543 as compared to $9
395
031 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 an
increase in loss from operations of $1
080
512 or approximately 11.5%. The primary reason for the increase in loss from operations is related to the decrease in net revenues and increases in cost of revenues as noted above. 
Other expenses for the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2013 totaled $5
858
972 as compared to $21
702
597 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 a decrease in other expenses of $15
843
625 
 




or approximately 73.0%. The primary reason for the increase in other expenses is related to the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets related to BPI and Tyree of approximately $20.8
million which occurred during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012. 

334
515 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 as compared to $31
097
628 for the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2012
 a decrease in net loss from continuing operations of $14
763
113 or approximately 47.5%. The primary reason for the decrease in net loss from continuing operations is related to the impairment of goodwill and intangible
assets related to BPI and Tyree of approximately $20.8 million which occurred during the year ended December&nbsp;31
LOSS FROM DISCONTINUED
Loss from discontinued operations totaled $275
268 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 as compared to $2
062
855 for the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2012
 a decrease in loss from discontinued operations of $1
787
587 or approximately 86.7%. Management discontinued the operations of Masonry and Tulare as of June&nbsp;30
 2011
 ESI as of September&nbsp;30
 2011 and EQS as of
April&nbsp;1
 2013. As such
 EQS was an operating entity for the three months ended March
 31
 2013 and the twelve months ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 as compared to winding down of Masonry
 Tulare and ESI in 2012. The net income of Masonry was
($2
576) for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 as compared to a net loss of $283
847 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 a decrease in net loss of $286
423. The net loss of Tulare was $223
021 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 as
compared to $546
483 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 a decrease in net loss of $323
462 or approximately 59.2%. The net loss of ESI was $2
984 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 as compared to $37
582 for the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2012
 a decrease in net loss of $34
597 or approximately 92.1%. The net income of EQS was ($499
132) for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 as compared to a net loss of $931
507 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 a
decrease in net loss of $1
430
 639. The remainder of the loss from discontinued operations was related to Amincor Other Assets and Amincor
 Inc. which had a combined net loss of $550
970 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 as compared to
$263
436 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 a decrease in net loss of $287
534. The primary reason for the net income in 2013 was due to the sale of EQS during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013. 
Net loss totaled $16
609
783 for the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2013 as compared to $33
160
483 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 an increase in net loss of $16
550
700 or approximately 49.9%. The primary reason for the decrease in net loss in 2013 was due to the impairment of goodwill
RESULTS FROM OPERATIONS FOR THE YEARS ENDED
DECEMBER 31
Net revenues for
the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 totaled $51
246
412 as compared to net revenues of $61
280
666 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 a decrease in net revenues of 
 




$10
034
254 or approximately 16.4%. The primary reason for the decrease in net revenues is related to Tyree&#146;s and BPI&#146;s operations. Tyree&#146;s net revenues decreased by approximately
$8.8 million and BPI&#146;s net revenues decreased by approximately $1.4 million during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012. A detailed analysis of each subsidiary company&#146;s individual net revenues can be found within their respective
Cost
of revenues for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 totaled $42
181
596 or approximately 82.3% of net revenues as compared to $46
978
496 or approximately 76.7% of net revenues for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011. The primary reason for the
increase in cost of revenues as a percentage of net revenues is related to Tyree&#146;s operations. Tyree&#146;s cost of revenues was 85.3% of Tyree&#146;s net revenues for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 as compared to 79.3% of Tyree&#146;s
net revenues for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011. A detailed analysis of each subsidiary company&#146;s individual cost of revenues can be found within their respective MD&amp;A sections of this Form 10-K. 

Selling
 general
and administrative (&#147;SG&amp;A&#148;) expenses for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 totaled $18
459
847 as compared to $27
083
918 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 a decrease in operating expenses of $8
624
071 or approximately
31.8%. The primary reason for the decrease in SG&amp;A expenses was related to Amincor&#146;s corporate operations and Tyree&#146;s operations. Amincor&#146;s corporate operating expenses decreased by approximately $3.5 million due to management
fees paid for the same amount during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011 that were not incurred during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012. Tyree&#146;s operating expenses decreased by $4.3 million during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 as
compared to the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011. A detailed analysis of each subsidiary company&#146;s individual operating expenses can be found within their respective MD&amp;A sections of this Form 10-K. 
Loss from operations for the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2012 totaled $9
395
031 as compared to $12
781
748 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 a decrease increase in loss from operations of $3
386
717 or approximately 26.5%. The primary reason for the decrease in loss from
operations is related to the decrease in operating expenses as noted above. 

 2012 totaled $21
702
597 as compared to $601
575 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 an increase in
other expenses of $21
101
022. The primary reason for the increase in other expenses is related to the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets related to BPI and Tyree of approximately $20.8 million. 
Net loss from continuing
operations totaled $31
097
628 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 as compared to $13
383
323 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 an increase in net loss from continuing operations of $17
714
305. The primary reason for the increase in
net loss from continuing operations is related to the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets related to BPI and Tyree of approximately $20.8 million. 
 



 

062
855 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 as compared to $9
675
878 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
2011
 a decrease in loss from discontinued operations of $7
613
023 or approximately 78.7%. Management discontinued the operations of Masonry and Tulare as of June&nbsp;30
 2011
 ESI as of September&nbsp;30
 2011 and EQS as of April&nbsp;1
 2013. As
such
 Masonry and Tulare were operating entities for the six months ended June&nbsp;30
 2011
 ESI was an operating entity for the nine months ended September&nbsp;30
 2011 and EQS was an operating entity for the twelve months ended December&nbsp;31
2012 and 2011
 as compared to the winding down of these companies after operations were discontinued. The net loss of Masonry was $283
847 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 as compared to $3
798
471 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
a decrease in net loss of $3
514
623 or approximately 92.5%. The net loss of Tulare was $546
483 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 as compared to $2
605
760 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 a decrease in net loss of $2
059
277 or
approximately 79.0%. The net loss of ESI was $37
582 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 as compared to $620
789 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 a decrease in net loss of $583
207 or approximately 93.9%. The net loss of EQS was
$931
507 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 as compared to $616
271 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 an increase in net loss of $315
237 or approximately 51.2%. The remainder of the loss from discontinued operations was related to
Amincor Other Assets and Amincor
 Inc. which had a combined net loss of $263
436 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 as compared to $2
034
588 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 a decrease in net loss of $1
771
152 or approximately
87.1%. The primary reason for the decreases in net loss in 2012 was due to the substantial write down of assets incurred during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011. 
Net loss totaled $33
160
483 for the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2012 as compared to $23
059
201 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 an increase in net loss of $10
101
282 or approximately 43.8%. The primary reason for the increase in net loss in 2012 was due to the impairment of goodwill
and intangible assets related to BPI and Tyree of approximately $20.8 million
 the lower gross profit of approximately $5.2 million in 2012
 which was partially offset by approximately $7.6 million in higher discontinued losses in 2011 and by
ADVANCED WASTE&nbsp;&amp; WATER TECHNOLOGY
 INC. 
AWWT&#146;s sales are typically higher during the
second and third quarters of its fiscal year. The fourth and first quarters of the year are usually affected by inclement weather which makes it difficult to process liquid streams due to freezing. 

 2013 AND 2012 
Net revenues for the year ended December&nbsp;31
2013 totaled $534
980 as compared to $98
745 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 an increase of $436
235 or approximately 441.8%. The primary reason for this increase is due to AWWT completing the acquisition of its operating assets on
November&nbsp;5
 2012. As such
 the aforementioned year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 figures are only representative of two months of operations. 
 



 

 2013 totaled $304
128 or approximately 56.8% of net revenues as compared to $37
857 or approximately
38.3% for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012. The primary reason for the increase for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 is related to expenses not incurred for the two month operating period during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
including Disposal Costs ( approximately $34
000)
 Insurance Expenses (approximately $29
000)
 License Expenses (approximately $6
000) and Subcontractors (approximately $5
000) 
Operating expenses for the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2013 totaled $167
841 or approximately 31.4% of net revenues as compared to $19
139 or 19.4% of net revenues for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 an increase of $148
702 or approximately 776.9%. The primary reason for the
increase for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 is related to expenses not incurred for the two month operating period during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 including Administrative Labor (approximately $90
000) and Management Fees
(approximately $36
Income
from operations for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 totaled $63
011 or approximately 11.8% of net revenues as compared to $41
748 or approximately 42.3% of net revenues for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 an increase in income from
operations of $21
262 or approximately 50.9%. The increase in income from operations was primarily due to the increase in net revenues as noted above. 
Other income for the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2013 totaled $66
954 or approximately 12.5% of net revenues as compared to other expenses of ($468) or approximately (0.5%) of net revenue for year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012. The primary reason for the increase in other income
related to the forgiveness of debt of approx $100
000 from AWWT&#146;s Parent which was partially offset by an increase in interest expense of approximately $26
000 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013. 
Net income for the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2013 totaled $129
964 as compared to a net loss of $41
280 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 an increase in net income of $88
685 or approximately 214.8%. The increase in net income is primarily attributable to the
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND
AWWT began material operations on November&nbsp;5
 2012 and as such has no financial information for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011 on which a
formal Management&#146;s Discussion and analysis can be compared to. Management filed its first MD&amp;A for AWWT our Form 10-Q filing for the quarter ended June&nbsp;30
 2012. 
 




 INC. 
Operations at the Jefferson Street are not
influenced by seasonality. Operations at the Mt. Pleasant Street operation are affected by seasonality and sales are typically higher during the Spring and late Fall compared to other periods of the year. Due to co-packing and a limited customer
base for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 Jefferson Street and Mt. Pleasant Street operations were not as affected by seasonality as they would be if the facilities operated at higher volumes. 

 2011
 Baker&#146;s Pride began producing cookies at its South Street Bakery facility; operations at this facility
ceased on November&nbsp;30
 2012. Seasonality influenced the operations of the South Street Bakery facility as cookie sales are typically higher during the winter holiday season when compared to the summer season. 
On July&nbsp;16
 2012
 BPI was
notified that Aldi
 BPI&#146;s primary customer would be terminating its contract with the Company as of the end of October 2012 due to BPI&#146;s inability to meet certain pricing
 cost and product offering needs. As such
 BPI performed an
Net revenues generated from Aldi comprised 0.0%
 89.5%
and 92.1% of net revenues for the twelve months ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.&nbsp;All of the revenues generated from Aldi were generated from BPI&#146;s Jefferson Street facility.&nbsp;Effective November&nbsp;2
 2012
BPI stopped significant production at the Jefferson Street facility. As such
 there were layoffs of production personnel and wage reductions of remaining personnel in order to minimize losses until significant production resumes at the Jefferson
Street facility. Production continues with low volume regional companies. Marketing is working to increase product offerings
 obtain additional customers and grow the business. A contract was secured with a major bread customer in October 2013 which
On November&nbsp;30
 2012
 BPI terminated the
equipment and facility lease which allowed for production at the South Street facility.&nbsp;It is management&#146;s intention to enter into a co-packing agreement for&nbsp;all of the products formerly produced internally with other bakeries in
order to continue to provide the same product offerings without operating the facility.&nbsp;Management has moved all equipment owned but formerly residing at the South Street facility to the Mt. Pleasant Street facility. Management intends to
return to its business plan of operating the Mt. Pleasant Street facility&nbsp;thereby reducing fixed overhead and variable costs by using cross trained personnel and providing its customer base the opportunity to purchase one
 two or all three of
its product types in less than trailer load quantities but obtain cost effective logistics through a combined load of all products offered by BPI.

 as well as opportunities for BPI branded products at both the
Jefferson Street and Mt. Pleasant Street facilities. However
 as of the time of filing BPI is still seeking significant business from new customers. Contract negotiations with additional significant customers are ongoing. 
 




 2013 AND 2012 
Net revenues for the year ended December&nbsp;31
2013 totaled $1
718
205 as compared to $14
587
744 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 a decrease of $12
869
539 or approximately 88.2%. Revenues as a percentage of total revenue generated by BPI&#146;s facilities were as follows: 
















































































Bread sales for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 totaled $252
344 as compared to $12
151
941 for the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2012
 a decrease of $11
899
597 or approximately 97.9%. The primary reason for this decrease is the result of the termination of BPI&#146;s contract with Aldi on November&nbsp;2
 2012. 

 2013 totaled $1
465
861 as compared to $954
039 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 an increase of
$511
822 or approximately 53.6%. The primary reason for this increase is the result of the operations of the Mt. Pleasant Street facility&#146;s donut line volume in 2013 which was not present in 2012. 

 2013 totaled $0 as compared to $1
481
764 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 a decrease of
$1
481
764 or approximately 100.0%. This decrease was due to the termination of the South Street facility&#146;s equipment and facility lease on November&nbsp;30
 2012. 

 2013 and 2012
 respectively.
Staffing at the Mt. Pleasant Street facility increased to 33 full time employees from 19 full time employees at December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The increase in personnel at the Jefferson Street and Mt. Pleasant Street facilities is
necessary to handle the current and projected volumes of the facilities for the coming year and will continue to increase alongside BPI&#146;s customer base. 
Cost of revenues for the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2013 totaled $3
650
647 or approximately 212.5% of net revenues as compared to $11
165
230 or approximately 76.5% for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 a decrease of $7
514
583 or approximately 67.3%. The Company had a 97.9%
decrease in net revenues against a 67.3% decrease in cost of revenues in 2013
 as compared to 2012. The primary reason for the decrease in cost of revenues is related to the Jefferson Street facility not operating at 100% capacity during the year
ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 due to the loss of Aldi as compared to operating at 100% capacity during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 until Aldi terminated its contract with BPI at the end of October 2012. Certain fixed costs are incurred by
BPI regardless of the production levels at BPI&#146;s facilities which were incurred during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 but were not offset by sales as they were during the year ended December&nbsp;21
 2012. 
 




 GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 

 2013 totaled $4
279
346 or approximately 249.1% of net revenues as compared to $6
664
872 or 45.7% for
the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 a decrease of $2
385
526 or approximately 35.8%. The primary reason for this decrease was the result of the termination of the equipment and facility lease that allowed for production at the South Street
facility
 savings of approximately $2.1 million. The remainder of the savings resulted from temporary decreases in management&#146;s salaries until BPI&#146;s production levels return to normal and decreases in fees paid to professional consultants.
Loss from operations for the year
ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 totaled $6
211
788 or approximately 361.5% of net revenue as compared to $3
242
358 or approximately 22.2% for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 an increase of $2
969
430 or approximately $91.6%. The increase in
loss from operations was primarily due to the decrease in revenues and the increase in cost of revenues as noted above. 

 2013 totaled $1
123
332 or approximately 66.9% of net revenues as compared to $13
397
372 or
approximately 91.8% of net revenues for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 a decrease of $12
247
535 or approximately 91.4%. The primary reason for this decrease in 2013 is due to the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets resulting from
the loss of Aldi as a customer of approximately $12.6 million which occurred during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012. Exclusive of the goodwill and intangible impairment
 other expenses (income) for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 totaled
$813
976
 which represents an increase of $335
861 or approximately 41.3% as compared to December&nbsp;31
 2013. The primary reason for this increase is related to a higher interest expense due to a larger loan balance on BPI&#146;s working capital
line and the 2012 bridge loan to purchase new equipment for the Mt. Pleasant Street facility. 

 2013 totaled $7
361
625 as compared to $16
639
730 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 a decrease of
$9
278
105. The primary reason for this decrease in net loss is related to the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets as noted above during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012. 

 2012 AND 2011 
Net revenues for the year ended December&nbsp;31
2012 totaled $14
587
744 as compared to $15
968
945 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 a decrease of $1
381
201 or approximately 8.6%. Revenues generated by the Jefferson Street facility were in excess of 90.0% of revenues for the years
ended December&nbsp;31
Bread sales for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 totaled $12
151
941 as compared to $13
565
216 for the year
ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 a decrease of $1
413
275 or approximately 10.4%. The primary reason for this decrease is the result of the termination of BPI&#146;s contract with Aldi on November&nbsp;2
 2012. 
 




 2012 totaled $954
039 as compared to $1
142
268 for the year
ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 a decrease of $188
229 or approximately 16.5%. The primary reason for this decrease is the result of the termination of BPI&#146;s contract with Aldi on November&nbsp;2
 2012. 

 2012 totaled $1
481
764 as compared to $1
260
243 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 an increase of
$221
521 or approximately 17.6%. This increase was primarily due to the South Street Bakery facility beginning production in late August 2011 and as such
 the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011 only reflects five months of operations. 
Cost of revenues for the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2012 totaled $11
165
230 or approximately 76.5% of net revenues as compared to $11
667
289 or approximately 73.1% for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 a decrease of $502
059 or approximately 4.3%. The Company had an 8.6%
decrease in net revenues against a 4.3% decrease in cost of revenues in 2012
Of this decrease of $502
059 in cost of revenues in
2012 for Baker&#146;s Pride
 Inc.
 the South Street Bakery was responsible for $2
078
618 of the total cost of revenues with net revenues of $1
481
764. BPI&#146;s other operating unit
 the Jefferson Street Bakery Inc.
 had net revenues of
$13
100
658 and cost of revenues of $9
073
741. The balance of net revenues
 $5
322
 was generated by the Mt. Pleasant Street Bakery and is related to small donut orders received in the month of December. BPI has moved its purchased cookie machinery
SELLING
SG&amp;A expenses for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 totaled $6
664
872 or approximately 45.7% of net revenues
as compared to $4
853
875 or 30.4% for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 an increase of $1
810
997 or approximately 37.3%. The primary reason for this increase was the result of management fees paid to Amincor for approximately $2.6 million for
the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 that were only incurred in the month of December 2011 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
LOSS FROM
Loss from operations for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 totaled $3
242
358 or approximately 22.2% of net revenue as compared to $552
219
or approximately 3.5% for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 an increase of $2
690
139. The increase in loss from operations was primarily due to the increases in cost of revenues and operating expenses as noted above. 
Other expenses (income) for the year
ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 totaled $13
397
372 or approximately 91.8% of net revenues as compared to $276
696 or approximately 1.7% of net 
 




revenues for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 an increase of $13
120
676. The primary reason for this increase in 2012 is due to the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets resulting
from the loss of Aldi as a customer of approximately $12.6 million. The remaining increase is related to a higher interest expense due to a larger loan balance on BPI&#146;s working capital line and the 2012 bridge loan to purchase new equipment for
Net loss for
the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 totaled $16
639
730 as compared to $828
915 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 an increase of $15
810
815. Of the Company&#146;s 2012 increase in net loss of $15
810
815
 the South Street Bakery facility
generated approximately $2.3 million and the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets resulting from the loss of Aldi as a customer resulted in approximately $12.6 million of this net loss. 


 Tyree&#146;s revenues tend to be lower during the first half of the year as Tyree&#146;s customers complete their planning for the upcoming year.
Approximately 30% of Tyree&#146;s revenues are earned from new customer capital expenditures. Customer&#146;s capital expenditures are cyclical and tend to mirror the condition of the economy. During normal conditions
 Tyree will need to draw from
its borrowing base early in the year and then pay down the borrowing base as the year progresses when it generates positive cash flows. The highest revenue generation occurs from late in the second quarter through the third quarter of the year. 

 2011 Tyree&#146;s largest customer
 Getty Petroleum Marketing
 Inc. (&#147;GPMI&#148;) filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in the
United States Bankruptcy Court in the Southern District of New York. This bankruptcy filing had a significant impact on Tyree&#146;s operations and financial activities. Although the bankruptcy proceedings are ongoing
 we anticipate losses from
pre-petition accounts receivable to be approximately $1
500
000. Immediately following the bankruptcy filing of GPMI
 all ongoing work with GPMI was significantly reduced and plans for Tyree&#146;s restructuring began
 including a reduction of
In December 2013
 Tyree Environmental Corp. and Tyree Service Corp. (&#147;Tyree
entities&#148;) were sued by liquidating trustee of GPMI for recovery of preferential transfers in the respective amounts of $1
147
154 and $2
479
755. On March&nbsp;27
 2014
 the bankruptcy liquidating trustee entered into forbearance agreements
with the Tyree entities with respect to the preference actions until June 2014
 with the understanding that the forbearance periods will be extended and the actions will ultimately be dismissed if the Tyree entities continue to not voluntarily
PAYROLL AND SALES TAX
During the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 Tyree did not file certain required payroll tax returns on a timely basis and did not
properly pay its payroll tax liabilities
 including trust funds withheld on behalf of its employees. Through the assistance of an outside payroll services company
 Tyree filed all delinquent payroll tax returns during the fourth quarter of 2013 and
is 
 




currently in negotiations with federal and various state authorities to settle its remaining payroll tax obligations. Tyree estimates that its outstanding payroll tax liability
 including
penalties and interest
 was approximately $4.7 million as of December&nbsp;31
During the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 Tyree did not file
required sales tax returns in various jurisdictions. Tyree subsequently filed the required returns and is currently in negotiations with various state authorities to settle the remaining sales tax liability. Tyree estimates that its outstanding
sales tax liability
 including penalties and interest
 is approximately $1.5 million as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 

000
000 revolving credit agreement with its Parent Amincor which expires on January&nbsp;1
 2016. Borrowings under this agreement are
collateralized by a first lien security interest in all tangible and intangible assets owned by Tyree. Availability of funding from Amincor is dependent on Amincor&#146;s liquidity. The annual interest rate charged on this loan was approximately 5%
for the year ended December&nbsp;31
Going forward
 Tyree&#146;s growth will be difficult to attain until either (i)&nbsp;new working
capital is available through profitable operations or (ii)&nbsp;new equity is invested into Tyree to facilitate organic and acquisition based growth. 
Tyree incurred net losses of $9
988
811 and
$15
425
134 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. Since Tyree&#146;s largest customer filed bankruptcy in December 2011
 as noted above
 Tyree has been having significant cash flow problems. Significantly reduced revenues
and old accounts payable settlement payments have put stress on the available funding and the existing credit facility. In the fourth quarter of 2011 and the first quarter of 2012
 management responded with a plan to term out all current vendors.
Many vendors agreed to long term pay outs
 so Tyree converted a portion of accounts payable to long and short term debt; at December&nbsp;31
 2013 this amounted to $2
884
957. In reaction to the GPMI Bankruptcy filing
 management reduced employee
headcount
 rescheduled accounts payable
 reduced management&#146;s salaries and reduced its rent commitments. In addition
 Green Valley Oil
 LLC (&#147;Green Valley&#148;)
 a sub tenant of GPMI
 went out of business in June 2012. Tyree was able to
secure two new customers to replace the lost business from Green Valley
 but the lost business was not replaced in its entirety. Management continues to analyze Tyree&#146;s overhead expenses and will continue to reduce its works force as necessary
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2013 AND 2012 

 2013 totaled $26
602
051 as compared to $36
559
923 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 a decrease of
$9
957
813 or approximately 27.2%. The decrease in revenues in 2013 can primarily be attributable to the loss of the unprofitable revenue from the Cumberland Farms maintenance contract and the elimination of other non-profitable maintenance
business. The environmental business increased by 2
319
000 which was a 17.6% increase. Revenues by operating division for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and December&nbsp;31
 2012 were as follows: 





























100





964



Environmental
 Compliance and Engineering



490





171





























602





559













 



 

 2013 totaled $24
128
916 or approximately 90.7% of net revenues as compared to $31
188
583
 or 85.3% for
the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012. The primary reason for the cost of revenue increase was due to adjustments related to inventory. Due to the change in inventory valuation from average cost to first in first out
 an increase in reserve obsolete
inventory and several other smaller adjustments the cost of revenues increased by approximately $1.8 million for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013. 

SG&amp;A expenses
for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 totaled $8
189
584
 or approximately 30.7% of net revenues compared to $11
978
445
 or approximately 32.8% of net revenues for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 a decrease in operating expenses of
3
788
862 or approximately 31.6%. The largest reduction in operating expenses was related to administrative payroll. The payroll was reduced by approximately $1
236
000 and benefits related to that expense was reduced by approximately $252
000. The
largest payroll reductions were in corporate support. In addition to the payroll reduction there were many other expense reductions throughout the company during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 Rent and utilities were reduced by approximately
$404
000
 Tools and Repairs and Maintenance were reduced by $147
000
 Travel was reduced by approximately $131
000
 and several other expenses were reduced by approximately $456
000. In addition
 there was a very large reduction due to the
amortization of intangible assets in 2012 amounting to $1
280
000. There was no amortization in 2013 as all amortizable intangible assets were impaired and written down for their entire value at the end of 2012. 
Loss from operations for the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2013 totaled $5
716
449 or approximately 21.4% of net revenues as compared to $6
607
105
 or approximately 18.1% of net revenues for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 a decrease in loss from operations of $890
656 or
OTHER
Other expenses (income) for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 totaled $6
030
362 or approximately 16.1% of net revenues as compared
to other expenses (income) of $8
818
029
 or approximately 24.1% of net revenues for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 a decrease in other expenses (income) of $2
787
667 or approximately 31.6%. The primary reason for this decrease is related
to a decrease in the expense related to the impairment of Tyree&#146;s goodwill and 
 




intangible assets. Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets totaled $1
758
000 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 as compared to $8
261
900
 a decrease in impairment of goodwill and
intangible assets of $6
503
900 or approximately 78.7% 

 2013 totaled $9
988
811 as compared to $15
425
134 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 a decrease in net
loss of $5
436
324 or approximately 35.2%. The decrease in net loss was primarily due to the decrease in operating expenses and the decrease in impairment of goodwill and intangible assets as discussed above. 

 2012 AND 2011 
Net revenues for the year ended December&nbsp;31
2012 totaled $36
559
923 as compared to $45
311
720 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 a decrease of $8
751
797 or approximately 19.3%. The decrease in revenues in 2012 can primarily be attributable to loss of revenues from GPMI due to its
bankruptcy and Green Valley&#146;s cessation of business. Revenues by operating division for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2011 were as follows: 




























964





274



Environmental
 Compliance and Engineering



171





478





























559





311












Cost of
revenues for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 totaled $31
188
583 or approximately 85.3% of net revenues as compared to $35
936
431
 or 79.3% for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011. The primary reason for the cost of revenue increase was due
to the loss of Getty Petroleum Marketing
 Inc. and an increase in business with Cumberland Farms for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012. The gross profit margin on Getty Petroleum Marketing
 Inc.&#146;s business was approximately 30% on fixed fee
maintenance and approximately 17% on time and materials maintenance for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011. By comparison
 Tyree&#146;s second largest customer was Cumberland Farms which had a gross profit margin below 5%. When Tyree terminated
its contract with Cumberland Farms at the end of 2012
 additional charge backs were incurred that brought the gross profit for the year to a negative margin. 

SG&amp;A expenses
for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 totaled $11
978
445
 or approximately 32.8% of net revenues compared to $16
280
658
 or approximately 35.9% of net revenues for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 a decrease in operating expenses of
4
302
213 or approximately 26.4%. The largest reduction in expenses was related to administrative payroll. The payroll was reduced by $2
361
000 and benefits related to that expense was reduced by $230
000. The largest payroll reductions were in
corporate support
 equipment division and construction. In addition to the payroll reduction there were many smaller expense reductions throughout the company during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012. 
 



 

 2012 totaled $6
607
105 or approximately 18.1% of net revenues as compared to $6
905
368
 or
approximately 15.2% of net revenues for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 a decrease in loss from operations of $298
263 or approximately 4.3%. The decrease in loss from operations was primarily due to the decreases in operating expenses as
Other
expenses (income) for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 totaled $8
818
029 or approximately 24.1% of net revenues as compared to other expenses (income) of $832
449
 or approximately 1.8% of net revenues for the year ended December&nbsp;31
2011
 an increase in other expenses (income) of $7
985
580. The primary reason for this increase is related to the impairment of Tyree&#146;s goodwill and intangible assets in accordance with a projected year over year decrease in net revenues for
the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 of approximately $8.2 million. 

 2012 totaled $15
425
134 as compared to $7
737
817 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 an increase in net
loss of $7
687
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND USE OF
Our Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based upon our consolidated or combined
financial statements
 which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of our consolidated or combined financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires us
to make certain estimates
 judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements
 the reported amounts and classification of revenues and expenses during the periods presented
and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis and material changes in these estimates or assumptions could occur in the future. Changes in estimates are recorded on the period
in which they become known. We base our estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances and at that time
 the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the
carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates if past experience or other assumptions do not turn out to be substantially accurate. 

 results of operations
 and financial condition because
they involve significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated or combined financial statements. An accounting policy is deemed to be critical if it requires a judgment or accounting estimate to be made based on
assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain
 and if different estimates that 
 




could have been used
 or if changes in the accounting estimates that are reasonably likely to occur periodically
 could materially impact our consolidated financial statements. Other significant
accounting policies
 primarily those with lower levels of uncertainty than those discussed below
 are also critical to understanding our consolidated or combined financial statements. The notes to our consolidated or combined financial statements
contain additional information related to our accounting policies and should be read in conjunction with this discussion. 

States of America (&#147;GAAP&#148;). 

 Inc. and all of its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively the &#147;Company&#148;).
All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant estimates include the valuation of goodwill
and intangible assets
 the useful lives of tangible and intangible assets
 depreciation and amortization of property
 plant and equipment
 allowances for doubtful accounts and inventory obsolescence
 completion of contracts and loss contingencies on
REVENUE
Revenue is recognized from product sales
when goods are delivered to the BPI&#146;s shipping dock
 and are made available for pick-up by the customer
 at which point title and risk of loss pass to the customer. Customer sales discounts are accounted for as reductions in revenues in the
same period the related sales are recorded. 

 unit price contracts (&#147;Tyree Contracts&#148;).
Under these agreements
 the customer pays a set price per contracted retail location per month and Tyree provides a defined scope of maintenance and repair services at these locations on an on-call or as scheduled basis. Revenue earned under Tyree
Contracts is recognized each month at the prevailing per location unit price. Revenue from other maintenance and repair services is recognized as these services are rendered. 

 measured by the percentage of total costs incurred to date to estimated total costs
for each contract. This method is used because management considers costs to date to be the best available measure of progress on these contracts. 
 




become probable. Changes in job performance
 job conditions and estimated profitability
 including those arising from final contract settlements
 may result in revisions to costs and income. These revisions are recognized in the period in which it
is probable that the customer will approve the variation and the amount of revenue arising from the revision can be reliably measured. An amount equal to contract costs attributable to claims is included in revenues when negotiations have reached an
The asset account &#147;Costs and
estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts
The liability
account
 &#147;Billings in excess of cost and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts
&#148; represents billings in excess of revenues recognized. 
AWWT provides water remediation and logistics services for
its clients which include any business that produces waste water. AWWT invoices clients based on bills of lading which specify the quantity and type of water treated. Revenue is recognized as water remediation services are performed. 
Accounts receivable represents amounts due
from customers and is reported net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. The allowance for doubtful accounts is based on management&#146;s estimate of the amount of receivables that will actually be collected after analyzing the credit worthiness
of its customers and historical experience
 as well as the prevailing business and economic environment. Accounts are written off when significantly past due and after exhaustive efforts at collection. Recoveries of accounts receivables previously
Tyree&#146;s accounts receivable for maintenance and repair services and construction
contracts are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest. Tyree
 BPI
 and AWWT extend unsecured credit to customers in the ordinary course of business but mitigate the associated risks by performing credit checks and actively pursuing
past due accounts. Tyree follows the practice of filing statutory &#147;mechanics&#148; liens on construction projects where collection problems are anticipated. 
An allowance for loan losses is
established as losses are estimated to have occurred through a provision for loan losses charged to operations. A loan is determined to be non-accrual when it is probable that scheduled payments of principal and interest will not be received when
due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. When a loan is placed on non-accrual status
 all accrued yet uncollected interest is reversed from income. Payments received on non-accrual loans are generally applied to the outstanding
principal balance. Loans are removed from non-accrual status when management believes that the borrower will resume making the payments required by the loan agreement. 
 



 

 first-out method. Market is determined based on the net realizable value with
appropriate consideration given to obsolescence
 excessive levels and other market factors. An inventory reserve is recorded if the carrying amount of the inventory exceeds its estimated market value. 

Property
 plant and equipment are
stated at cost and the related depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the estimated life of the asset or the lease
Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to operations as incurred. Renewals and betterments are capitalized. Upon the sale or
retirement of an asset
 the related costs and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is recognized in the results of operations. 
Property held for investment
consists of property in Pelham Manor
 New York. The value of the property is based on the fair value of the property. 

indefinite-lived intangibles are not subject to amortization but are tested for impairment annually and whenever events or circumstances change
 such as a significant adverse change in the economic climate that would make it more likely than not
that impairment may have occurred. If the carrying value of goodwill or an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized. 

over the expected useful lives of the respective assets. 

assess recoverability by determining whether the net book value of the related asset will be recovered through the projected undiscounted future cash flows of the asset. If the Company determines that the carrying value of the asset may not be
recoverable
 it measures any impairment based on the asset&#146;s fair value as compared to the asset&#146;s carrying value. 
 



 

GAAP has established a framework for measuring fair value that is based on a hierarchy which requires that the valuation technique used be based on the most objective inputs available for measuring a particular asset or liability. There are three
broad levels in the fair value hierarchy which describe the degree of objectivity of the inputs used to determine the fair value. The fair value hierarchy is set forth as below: 


 and inputs that are observable
for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
Level 3 &#150; inputs to the
valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement. They are based on best information available in the absence of level 1 and 2 inputs. 

All share-based awards are measured
based on their grant date fair values and are charged to expenses over the period during which the required services are provided in exchange for the award (the vesting period). Share-based awards are subject to specific vesting conditions.
Compensation cost is recognized over the vesting period based on the grant date fair value of the awards and the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest. 
The Company has implemented
all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect that are applicable. These pronouncements did not have any material impact on the consolidated or combined financial statements unless otherwise disclosed
 and the Company does not believe that
there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations. 
The following table
presents our commitments and contractual obligations as of December&nbsp;31
 2013
 as well as our debt obligations: 

























































377





058





319















239





239













































172


























043





































































722





997





613


































 



 

 



 

 and does not expect to enter into
 financial instruments for trading or hedging purposes. 




The full text of our audited consolidated
or combined financial statements for the three years ended December&nbsp;
31
ITEM&nbsp;9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 





and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures
 our management recognized that disclosure controls and procedures
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of
disclosure controls and procedures are met. Additionally
 in designing disclosure controls and procedures
 our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and
procedures. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all
Our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer
 has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation
 and as discussed in greater detail below
 our Chief Executive Officer has concluded that
 as of the end of the period covered by this report
 our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective: 






 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission&#146;s rules and forms
 and 






 including our CEO
 to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 



 

Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and the Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. Our internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 






 







 and that our receipts and expenditures
are being made only in accordance with authorization of management and directors
 and 






 use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 2013. Management understands that
in making this assessment
 it should use the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in its Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Although an assessment using those criteria has not been
performed
 our management believes that the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting was not effective at December&nbsp;31
As of
the date of this report
 we have been unable to complete a full assessment and adequately test our internal control over financial reporting and accordingly lack the documented evidence that we believe is necessary to support an assessment that our
internal control over financial reporting is effective. Without such testing
 we cannot conclude whether there are any material weaknesses
 nor can we appropriately remediate any such weaknesses that might have been detected. 

 there is a possibility that misstatements which could be material to our annual or interim financial statements could occur that would not be
There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our fourth fiscal quarter that has materially
affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting. 
 




detailed below to enhance our internal control over financial reporting and reduce control deficiencies. With regards to the improvement of our internal controls over financial reporting
 we believe the following steps will assist in reducing our
deficiencies
 but will not completely eliminate them.&nbsp;We will continue to work on the elimination of control weaknesses and deficiencies noted. 

 the Company
intends to implement new internal policies and undertake additional steps necessary to improve the control environment including
 but not limited to: 






 non-public information in a manner designed to provide full and fair disclosure of information about the Company. This disclosure policy
is intended to ensure that management and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries comply with applicable laws including the U.S
 Securities Exchange Commission (&#147;SEC&#148;) Fair Disclosure Rules (Regulation FD) governing disclosure of
material
 non-public information to the public. 




















In order to eventually achieve compliance with Section&nbsp;404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act
 we intend to perform the system and process evaluation needed to comply with Section&nbsp;404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act as soon as reasonably possible. 





 



 
ITEM&nbsp;10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 





































Vice-President
 Secretary and Director










Unless otherwise indicated in the biographical information below
 there are no family relationships among members of our
management or Amincor
John R. Rice III
 President and Director
Mr.&nbsp;Rice is the President and a Director of Amincor
 Inc. and is jointly responsible
 with Mr.&nbsp;Ingrassia
 for monitoring
the operation and the performance of the operating subsidiaries
 their management teams
 execution of their business plans and growth strategies
 which includes identifying opportunities
 analyzing acquisition or roll up opportunities
 divestitures
and investment in the operating subsidiaries since January&nbsp;9
 2008. In addition to his duties with his work at Amincor
 Mr.&nbsp;Rice is a managing member and principal of the Capstone group of companies&nbsp;which he co-founded with Joseph F.
Ingrassia in 1994. Mr.&nbsp;Rice was responsible for overseeing international marketing of Capstone&#146;s programs and services to investors
 joint venture partners and various parties who originated business opportunities for Capstone and was
jointly responsible with Mr.&nbsp;Ingrassia for banking relationships
 client and portfolio management
 supervision of due diligence and legal documentation and accounting and administration.&nbsp;Mr. Rice studied liberal arts and business at the
Joseph F. Ingrassia
 Vice-President
 Secretary and Director 

 Secretary
 Interim Chief Financial Officer and a Director of Amincor
 Inc. and is jointly
responsible
 with Mr.&nbsp;Rice
 for monitoring the operation and the performance of the operating subsidiaries
 their management teams
 execution of their business plans and growth strategies
 which includes identifying opportunities
 analyzing
acquisition or roll up opportunities
 divestitures and investment in the operating subsidiaries since January&nbsp;9
 2008.&nbsp;In addition to his duties at Amincor
 Mr.&nbsp;Ingrassia is a managing member and principal of the Capstone group of
companies which he co-founded with Mr.&nbsp;Rice in 1994. Mr.&nbsp;Ingrassia was responsible for banking relationships
 client and portfolio management
 supervision of due diligence and legal documentation
 and accounting and administration for the
Capstone companies. Mr.&nbsp;Ingrassia received a Bachelor of Arts Degree in psychology from Siena College
 in 1980 and an MBA from Golden Gate University in 1984. 
Robert L. Olson
 Director 

 2012
 Mr.&nbsp;Olson
 resigned from his position as Chief Financial Officer of Amincor. Mr.&nbsp;Olson remains a Director
of Amincor. Mr.&nbsp;Olson&#146;s resignation from Amincor was not tendered in connection with any disagreement with Amincor on any matter relating to the Amincor&#146;s operations
 policies or practices. Rather
 Mr.&nbsp;Olson became the Chief
Financial Officer of Tyree Holdings Corp.
 a subsidiary of Amincor. Mr.&nbsp;Olson has been chief financial officer for private and publicly held corporations for more than 27 years. Mr.&nbsp;Olson received a Bachelor of Science Degree in accounting
from Long Island University in 1965. 
 




directors of Amincor. It is anticipated that they will spend approximately seventy percent (70%)&nbsp;of their time on their responsibilities related to Amincor. 




 Mr.&nbsp;Joseph&nbsp;F. Ingrassia has assumed the role of Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 



 President
 59 

 Inc. since October 2008 and is responsible for managing and monitoring the
operations of The Jefferson Street Bakery and The Mt. Pleasant Street Bakery
 developing operating budgets to measure profitability
 assisting departmental directors in obtaining established goals
 monitoring Food Safety Programs
 federal
 state and
local regulation compliance
 negotiating commodity contracts
 product development and communicating with customers. Mr.&nbsp;Brookhart was responsible for baking operations and held the position of Vice-President of The Baking Company of Burlington
from January 2007 to October of 2008. From 1983 through December 2006
 Mr.&nbsp;Brookhart was the Director of Bakery Operations for Aldi
 Inc. and managed the bakery operation
 monitored product quality
 developed and monitored the Fresh Bread
Program for Aldi
 Inc. and assisted in inspection and selection of new bakery suppliers as the company expanded. Mr.&nbsp;Brookhart attended American Institute of Baking Course in Bread Production in 1982 and the Aldi Management System programs.


 President
 52 

 Inc. since January 2011 and the President of Advanced Waste&nbsp;&amp;
Water Technology since its inception in 2011. She is responsible for the overall operational management of the laboratory which includes the monitoring and review of financial statements to decrease expenses; standards of performance in quality
control and quality assurance; the validity of the analyses performed and data generated in the laboratory to assure reliable data. From 1990-2011
 Ms.&nbsp;Werner-Els was employed by Environmental Testing Laboratories
 Inc.
 where she was
responsible for similar duties. From 2006 to 2011
 Ms.&nbsp;Werner Els served as President of Environmental Testing Laboratories
 Inc. Ms.&nbsp;Werner-Els received a Bachelors Degree in Environmental Sciences from Fairleigh Dickinson University
 in
Madison
 New Jersey in 1983. 
 



 

 President and Chief Operating Officer
 52 

 Business
Development groups as well as the critical support functions of operations. Mr.&nbsp;Tyree is also responsible for strategic planning and the overall profitability
 functions
 development of the corporate business plan. Prior to his present
position
 he had been Vice-President of Sales and Marketing and Chief Executive Officer of The Tyree Organization
 Hudson Valley Region
 1994-2001; Director of Remediation Recovery for Tyree Brothers Environmental Services in Farmingdale
 New York
1985-1994
 and Construction Worker for Tyree Brother Environmental Services in Farmingdale
 New York 1983-1985. Mr.&nbsp;Tyree received an A.A.S. degree in Liberal Sciences from Dean College in 1981 and received a Bachelor of Arts degree in English
Literature and Journalism from Lynchburg College in 1983. Mr.&nbsp;Tyree&#146;s professional affiliations include the American Management Association
 the National Ground Water Association and the New York State Transportation Association. 

 Chief Financial Officer
 71 

 preparation of financial reports and
required schedules and analysis for Tyree. Mr.&nbsp;Olson was formerly the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Since 2006 Mr.&nbsp;Olson has been the Chief Financial Officer responsible for preparing financial statements in connection with the
management of the various companies to which the Capstone group of companies had made loans. Mr.&nbsp;Olson supervises the accounting staff
 monitors and reviews client account statements
 accounts receivable reports
 inventory reports
 cash flow
and other asset based loans and is responsible for accounts payable management
 cash management
 bank relationship management
 general ledger management and audit coordination. Mr.&nbsp;Olson has been chief financial officer for private and publicly
held corporations for more than 27 years. Mr.&nbsp;Olson received a Bachelor of Science Degree in accounting from Long Island University in 1965. 
There are no family relationships
between any directors or named executive officers of the Company
 either by blood or by marriage. 

pursuant to section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section&nbsp;15(d) of the Exchange Act or any other company registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940
 as amended. 
During the past
ten years
 no present or former director
 executive officer or person nominated to become a director or an executive officer of the Company: 

 either at the time of the
bankruptcy or two years prior to that time; 
 




(3) was subject to any order
 judgment or decree
 not subsequently reversed
suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
 permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking activities; or 

 the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures
Trading Commission to have violated a Federal or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
 suspended or vacated. 
The Board of
Directors is the acting Audit Committee. Our Board of Directors has determined that Robert L. Olson
 on our Board of Directors qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined by applicable Securities and Exchange Commission
rules. However
 Mr.&nbsp;Olson does not meet the independence standards of the Securities Exchange Commission rules. The Board of Directors believes that obtaining the services of an independent audit committee financial expert is not economically
feasible at this time in light of the costs associated with identifying and retaining an individual who would qualify as an independent audit committee financial expert. 

economically feasible at this time in light of the costs associated retaining such individuals. As the financial resources become available and qualified individuals are identified
 the Board of Directors intends to add additional directors as well
as form the committees required under applicable securities laws and listing standards. 

 officers and directors. The code of ethics will be made available through our website



officers
 directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of the Common Stock
 all filing requirements of such persons under Section&nbsp;16(a) of the Exchange Act were complied with during the fiscal year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013. 




For the fiscal year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 Mr.&nbsp;Rice earned a salary
of $200
000
 Mr.&nbsp;Ingrassia earned a salary of $200
000 for their service as executive officers of Amincor plus the option awards discussed below. 
 




 Inc
 and
the President of Tyree Holdings Corp for the fiscal years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011 as well as the Chief Financial Officer of Tyree Holdings Corp. and President of Advanced Waste&nbsp;&amp; Water Technology
 Inc. for the fiscal
year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013. The compensation earned by the Chief Financial Officer of Amincor
 Inc. and the President of Environmental Quality Services
 Inc for the fiscal years ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 and 2011 is included. 























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































On April&nbsp;1
 2011
 the Board of Directors of the Registrant approved the grant of options to purchase common stock to
 Brookhart (7
000)
 Olson
(60
000)
 Tyree (26
000)&nbsp;and Werner-Els (7
000)&nbsp;with an exercise price of $1.88. On September&nbsp;1
 2011 the Board of Directors of the Registrant approved the grant of options to purchase common stock to Brookhart (7
000)
 Olson
(60
000)
 Tyree (26
000)&nbsp;and Werner-Els (7
000)&nbsp;with an exercise price of $1.73. On each December&nbsp;1
 2011 the Board of Directors of the Registrant approved the grant of options to purchase common stock to Brookhart (10
000)
 Olson
(60
000)
 Tyree (26
000)&nbsp;and Werner-Els (7
000)&nbsp;with an exercise price of $1.73. On April&nbsp;17
 2012
 the Board of Directors of the Registrant approved the grant of options to purchase common stock to Brookhart

 







(10
000)
 Olson
 (60
000)
 Tyree (26
000)&nbsp;and Werner-Els (7
000)&nbsp;with an exercise price of $1.13. On December&nbsp;31
 2012
 the Board of Directors of the Registrant approved the grant
of options to purchase common stock to Brookhart (10
000)
 Olson (60
000)
 Tyree (26
000)&nbsp;and Werner-Els (7
000)&nbsp;with an exercise price of $0.65. On March&nbsp;31
 2013 the Board of Directors of the Registrant approved the grant of options
to purchase common stock to Brookhart (20
000)
 Olson (120
000)
 Tyree (52
000)&nbsp;and Werner-Els (14
000)&nbsp;with an exercise price of $1.00. On June&nbsp;30
 2013 the Board of Directors of the Registrant approved the grant of options to
purchase common stock to Brookhart (20
000)
 Olson (120
000)
 Tyree (52
000)&nbsp;and Werner-Els (14
000)&nbsp;with an exercise price of $1.00. On September&nbsp;30
 2013 the Board of Directors of the Registrant approved the grant of options to
purchase common stock to Brookhart (20
000)
 Olson (40
000)
 Tyree (40
000)&nbsp;and Werner-Els (14
000)&nbsp;with an exercise price of $0.50. 

the first anniversary of the grant date and 100% on the second anniversary of the grant date
 so long as the optionee is still employed by the Registrant or its subsidiaries. The options are valid for five years from the grant date and shall expire
thereafter. Each optionee will sign a Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement with the Registrant which more fully details the terms and conditions of the grant. 
Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-Ended December&nbsp;31
 2013. 

 2011
&nbsp;September&nbsp;1
 2011 and December&nbsp;1
 2011
 the Board of Directors of the Registrant approved the grant of options to
purchase common stock to John R. Rice
 III
 President
 Joseph F. Ingrassia
 Vice-President and Robert L. Olson
 Director and certain management and employees of Registrant and certain officers and employees of its subsidiary companies. Messrs. Rice
Ingrassia and Olson
 were each granted 60
The options granted have an exercise price of $1.88
 $1.73 and $1.73
 respectively
 based on the
estimated fair market value of the Registrant&#146;s share price on the date of the grant. The options vest 50% on the first anniversary of the grant date and 100% on the second anniversary of the grant date
 so long as the optionee is still
employed by the Registrant or its subsidiaries. The options are valid for five years from the grant date and shall expire thereafter. Each optionee will sign a Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement with the Registrant which more fully details the
On each of April&nbsp;17
 2012
&nbsp;July&nbsp;1
 2012
&nbsp;October&nbsp;1
 2012 and December&nbsp;31
 2012
 the
Board of Directors of the Registrant approved the grant of options to purchase common stock to John. R. Rice
 III
 President
 Joseph F. Ingrassia
 Vice-President and Robert L. Olson
 Director and certain management and employees of Registrant and
certain officers and employees of its subsidiary companies. Messrs. Rice
 Ingrassia and Olson were each granted 60
The options granted have
an exercise price of $1.29
 $1.21
 $1.13 and $0.65
 respectively
 based on the estimated fair market value of the Registrant&#146;s share price on the date of the grant. The options vest 50% on the first anniversary of the grant date and 100% on the
second anniversary of the grant date
 so long as the optionee is still employed by the Registrant or its subsidiaries. The options are valid for five years from the grant date and shall expire thereafter. Each optionee will sign a Non-Qualified
On each of March&nbsp;31
2013
&nbsp;June&nbsp;30
 2013 and September&nbsp;30
 2013
 the Board of Directors of the Registrant approved the grant of options to purchase common stock to John. R. Rice
 III
 President
 Joseph F. Ingrassia
 Vice-President and Robert L. Olson
Director and certain management and employees of Registrant and certain officers and employees of its subsidiary companies. Messrs. Rice and Ingrassia were each granted 120
000 options. Mr.&nbsp;Olson was granted 120
000 options on March&nbsp;31
2013 and June&nbsp;30
 2013 and 40
000 options on September&nbsp;30
The options granted have an exercise price of $1.00
 $1.00 and $0.50
respectively based on the estimated and actual fair market value of the Registrant&#146;s share price on the date of the grant. The options vest 50% on the first anniversary of the grant date and 100% on the second

 




anniversary of the grant date
 so long as the optionee is still employed by the Registrant or its subsidiaries. The options are valid for five years from the grant date and shall expire
thereafter. Each optionee will sign a Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement with the Registrant which more fully details the terms and conditions of the grant. 
There was no compensation paid
to any director during the fiscal year ended December&nbsp;31
Directors serve without compensation and there are no
standard or other arrangements for their compensation. There are no employment contracts
 compensatory plans or arrangements
 including payments to be received from the Company with respect to any Director that would result in payments to such
person because of his or her resignation with the Company
 or its subsidiaries or any change in control of the Company. There are no agreements or understandings for any Director to resign at the request of another person. None of our Directors or
ITEM&nbsp;12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP
The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial
ownership of our Class&nbsp;A voting common stock by (a)&nbsp;each person known to be a beneficial owner of more than 5% of our voting common stock as of April&nbsp;15
 2014 by (b)&nbsp;each of our officers and directors; (c)&nbsp;all our officers
and directors as a group.&nbsp;Unless otherwise indicated
 we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. 
























 New York 11768



828














 Florida&nbsp;33912



828














 CT&nbsp;06851


















694






The shares of Common Stock in the foregoing table have not been pledged or otherwise deposited as collateral
 are not the
subject matter of any voting trust or other similar agreement and are not the subject of any contract providing for the sale or other disposition of securities. 
 




 2012
 the Company approved
 allotted
 sold and issued to each of Mr.&nbsp;John&nbsp;R. Rice
III and Mr.&nbsp;Joseph&nbsp;F. Ingrassia 92
307 shares of Class&nbsp;A Voting Common Stock valued at $120
000 in consideration for additional Paid In Capital to the Company. Additionally
 pursuant to an Exchange Agreement
 the Company approved
allotted
 sold and issued 41
154 Class B Non-Voting Shares in exchange for the interests held by ST&amp;WT Holdings
On
September&nbsp;30
 2013
 the Company approved
 allotted
 sold and issued to Caro Capital
 LLC 250
000 shares of Class&nbsp;A Voting Common Stock valued at $30
000 in consideration for management consulting services. 

 2014
 the Company approved
 allotted
 sold and issued to each of Mr.&nbsp;John&nbsp;R. Rice
 III and Mr.&nbsp;Joseph&nbsp;F. Ingrassia
541
666 shares of Class&nbsp;
A Voting Common Stock valued at $130
ITEM&nbsp;13.
In addition to being officers and directors of Amincor
 Inc.
 Messrs. John R.
Rice
 III and Joseph F. Ingrassia are the controlling shareholders of Capstone Capital Management
 Inc.
 which is the General Partner of both the Capstone Cayman Special Liquidity Fund
 L.P. and the Capstone Special Liquidity Fund
 L.P.
(collectively
 the &#147;Capstone Funds&#148;). Messrs. Rice and Ingrassia are also the owners and managing members of Capstone Credit
 LLC
 Capstone Capital Group
 LLC and Capstone Business Funding
 LLC which are asset based lenders. 
Amincor
 Inc. and
Baker&#146;s Pride
 Inc. entered into a loan and security agreement
 dated November&nbsp;1
 2010
 with Capstone Capital Group
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company
 an asset based lender pursuant to which Capstone Capital Group
 LLC provided
Baker&#146;s Pride
 Inc. an $1
000
000 credit line
 with an 18% interest rate
 secured by the assets of Bakers&#146; Pride
 Inc. Amincor
 Inc. and South Street Bakery
 Inc. entered into a loan and security agreement
 dated August&nbsp;15
 2011
 with
Capstone Capital Group
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company
 an asset based lender pursuant to which Capstone Capital Group
 LLC provided South Street Bakery
 Inc. an $1
000
000 credit line
 with an 18% interest rate
 secured by the assets of
South Street Bakery
 Inc. Messrs. Rice and Ingrassia are also the owners and managing members of Capstone Capital Group
Advanced Waste&nbsp;&amp;
Water Technology (&#147;AWWT&#148;) and Tyree Environmental Corp. (Environmental&#148;) (a subsidiary of Tyree Holdings Corp.) have entered into purchase and sale agreements on various dates throughout the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 with
Capstone Business Funding
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company
 an asset based lender pursuant to which Capstone Business Funding
 LLC purchases the accounts receivable of AWWT and Environmental in exchange for a cash advance on the accounts
receivable. Fees for this service vary
 but average as below: 


































Advanced Waste&nbsp;&amp; Water Technology
 Inc.







































 LLC 
 




contract in place for the ongoing sale of accounts receivables. As of the time of filing Tyree Environmental Corp. has an ongoing relationship with Capstone Business Funding
 LLC. Advanced Waste&nbsp;&amp; Water Technology does not have an active
relationship with Capstone Business Funding
 LLC. Messrs. Rice and Ingrassia are also the owners and managing members of Capstone Business Funding
 LLC. 

 Inc. and The Mt. Pleasant Street Bakery
 Inc. (a subsidiary of Baker&#146;s Pride
 Inc.) have an active relationship with Capstone Credit
LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company pursuant to which Capstone Credit
 LLC purchases the accounts receivables in exchange for a cash advance on the accounts receivable. Fees for this service are as below: 




























Baker&#146;s Pride
 Inc.













The Mt. Pleasant Street Bakery
 Inc.

















 LLC 

 LLC 
Our current directors are John
R. Rice
 III
 Joseph F. Ingrassia and Robert L. Olson. We are not currently subject to corporate governance standards defining the independence of our directors. We have not yet adopted an independence standard or policy. Accordingly
 our Board of
Directors currently determines the independence of each Director and nominee for election as a Director. The Board of Directors has determined that none of our directors currently qualifies as an independent director under the standards applied by
current federal securities laws
 NASDAQ or the New York Stock Exchange. 





 our independent
registered public accounting firm for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012
 and 2011: 














































































































































 



Audit
fees relate to professional services rendered in connection with the audits of our annual consolidated financials included on Form 10-K for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011 and the review of our 2013
 2012 and 2011 interim
quarterly financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Audit fees also relate to the professional services rendered in connection to the audits of our following operating subsidiaries for the year ended December&nbsp;31
2011: Baker&#146;s Pride
 Inc
 Environmental Holding Corp. and Tyree Holdings Corp. 

 consultations regarding financial accounting and reporting
standards
 and the 2011 audit fees of Tyree Holdings Corp.&#146;s employee benefits plan. 

 state and local consolidated tax returns of Amincor
 Inc. and
our following operating subsidiaries: Amincor Contract Administrators
 Inc.
 Amincor Other Assets
 Inc.
 Baker&#146;s Pride
 Inc
 Epic Sports International
 Inc.
 Environmental Holding Corp.
 Masonry Supply Holding Corp.
 Tulare Holdings
 Inc. and
Tyree Holdings Corp. 

 in accordance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requiring pre-approval of all auditing services and all audit related
tax or other services not prohibited under Section&nbsp;10A(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 to be performed for us by our independent auditor
 subject to the de minimus exception described in Section&nbsp;10A(i)(1)(B) of the
Exchange Act. The Board of Directors authorized our independent auditor to perform audit services required in connection with the annual audit relating to our fiscal years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011. Our Board of Directors is
responsible for granting pre-approvals of other audit
 audit-related
 tax and other services to be performed for us by our independent auditor. 




EXHIBITS
(a) (1)&nbsp;Financial statements and schedules filed as a part
of this report are listed on the &#147;Index to Financial Statements&#148; contained herein. All other schedules are omitted because (i)&nbsp;they are not required under the instructions
 (ii)&nbsp;they are inapplicable or (iii)&nbsp;the information
is included in the financial statements. 
 



 
















 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form&nbsp;10 filed on August 4
 2010)







 Inc. By-Laws (Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on August&nbsp;4
 2010)







 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Form&nbsp;10-K filed on April 18
 2011)







 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Form 10-K filed on April 18
 2011)







 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Form 10-K filed on April&nbsp;18
 2011)







 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Form&nbsp;10-K filed on April 18
 2011)







 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Form 10-K filed on April 18
 2011)







 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Form 10-K filed on April 18
 2011)







 2011)







 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Form&nbsp;10-K filed on April 18
 2011)







 2011)







 2011)







 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Form 10-K filed on April&nbsp;18
 2011)







 LLC (Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Form 10-K filed on April&nbsp;18
 2011)







 2011)







 2011)
 












 2011)







 2011)







 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Form 10-K filed on April 16
 2012)







 Inc. ((Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Form&nbsp;10-Q filed on May 18
 2012)







 Inc. and Tulare Frozen Foods Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on August 4
 2010)







 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form 10 Amendment No. 2 filed on January 7
 2011)







 LLC and Tulare Frozen Foods
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form 10 Amendment No. 2 filed on January 7
 2011)







 Inc. and Capstone Capital Group I
 LLC (Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form 10 Amendment No. 2 filed on January 7
2011)







 Inc. and Capstone Capital Group I
 LLC (Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form 10 Amendment No. 2 filed on
January&nbsp;7
 2011)







 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form 10 Amendment No. 2 filed on January 7
 2011)







 2011)







 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form 10 Amendment No. 2 filed on January 7
 2011)







 2011)







 dated October 18
 2010
 by and among Registrant
 Hammond Investments
 Ltd. and Capstone Special Purpose Fund
 LP for the purchase of Tyree Holdings Corp. (Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on October 19
 2010)
 












 dated October&nbsp;18
 2010
 by and among Registrant
 Hammond Investments
 Ltd. and Capstone Special Purpose Fund
 LP for the purchase of Masonry Supply Holding Corp. (Incorporated by reference to
Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October&nbsp;19
 2010)







 dated October 18
 2010
 by and among Registrant
 Hammond Investments
 Ltd. and Capstone Special Purpose Fund
 LP for the purchase of Baker&#146;s Pride
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 19
 2010)







 dated October 18
 2010
 by and between Registrant and Universal Apparel Holdings
 Inc. for the purchase of Epic Sports International
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Current Report on Form
8-K filed on October 19
 2010)







 dated October 26
 2010
 by and between Epic Sports International
 Inc and Samsung C&amp;T America
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 29
2010)







 dated October 26
 2010
 for Samsung to Purchase Shares of Epic Sports International
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 29
 2010)







 dated December 31
 2010 (Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 26
 2011)







 Strict Foreclosure and Release Agreement
 dated January 3
 2011 for the assets to be assigned to Environmental Quality Services
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on January 26
 2011)







 dated November 1
 2010
 by and among Amincor
 Inc.
 Baker&#146;s Pride
 Inc. and Capstone Capital Group
 LLC (Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Form 10-K filed on April 18
 2011)







 dated January 1
 2011
 by and between Amincor
 Inc. and Brescia Apparel Corp. (Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Form 10-K filed on April 18
 2011)







 dated as of December 31
 2009
 by and among Capstone Capital Group I
 LLC
 Capstone Business Credit
 LLC
 Capstone Capital Management
 Inc.
 Capstone Trade Partners
 Ltd. and Joning
 Corp.
(Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Form 10-K filed on April 18
 2011)







 dated as of December 31
 2010
 by and among Capstone Capital Group I
 LLC
 Capstone Business Credit
 LLC
 Capstone Capital Management
 Inc.
 Capstone Trade Partners
 Ltd. and Joning
 Corp.
(Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Form 10-K filed on April 18
 2011)







 by and between Baker&#146;s Pride
 Inc. and Central State Bank
 dated January 27
 2012







 2011)







 Inc. and its subsidiaries(Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Form 10-K filed on April 18
 2011)







 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*
 















 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*







 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*







 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*







 2010)







 2010)







 2010)







 2010)







 2011)







 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form&nbsp;10 Amendment No. 2 filed on January 7
 2011)







 dated August 12
 2011
 by and among Corbi Properties
 LLC
 Clear Lake Specialty Products
 Inc. and The South Street Bakery
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Form 10-Q filed on August 16
2011)







 dated August 12
 2011
 by and among Corbi Properties
 LLC
 Clear Lake Specialty Products
 Inc. and The South Street Bakery
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Company&#146;s Form 10-Q filed on August 16
2011)





 




 the Registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 






AMINCOR
 INC.




 2014



/s/ John R. Rice
 III




 III
 President




 2014








 Interim Chief Financial Officer








 2014



/s/ John R. Rice
 III


 III
 Director






 Director








 Director

 



AMINCOR
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 


 2013 



































Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012








Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three Years Ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 








Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders&#146; (Deficit) Equity for the Three Years Ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 








Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Years Ended December&nbsp;31
 2013














 



 
Amincor
 Inc. 

 Inc. and Subsidiaries (the &#147;Company&#148;) as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and
2012
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 changes in shareholders&#146; equity
 and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December&nbsp;31
 2013. The Company&#146;s management is responsible for these
We conducted our audits in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purposes of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit
also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial
In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements
referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended
December&nbsp;31
 2013
The accompanying consolidated
financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements
 the Company has suffered recurring net losses from operations and has a working
capital deficit of $34
430
921 and a (deficit) equity of $14
124
422 as of December&nbsp;31
 2013. The future of the Company is dependent upon its ability to raise debt and equity financing
 and to achieve profitable operations. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management&#146;s plans in regard to these matters are described in Note 3. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of these uncertainties. 

April&nbsp;15
 2014 
 



 
Item&nbsp;
Amincor
 Inc. and Subsidiaries 

December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012 




























































Accounts receivable
 net of allowance of $449
747 and $428
953 at December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively



449





738



Inventories
 net








620
























































081





108

















Property
 plant and equipment
 net









Property
 plant and equipment
 net - continuing operations



260





176







000







Property
 plant and equipment
 net - discontinued operations




















Total property
 plant and equipment
 net



260





524



























Mortgages receivable
 net







000



Loan receivable
 net of allowance of $260
000 at December&nbsp;31
 2013































609



















086





566
































253





381





















595





015













 



Amincor
 Inc. and Subsidiaries 

December 31
 2013 and 2012 
















































849





261







409





123







807





937







493





289







957





057











































001





510





















512





251







































































318












































207





930





















719





181



















































Convertible preferred stock
 $0.001 par value per share; 3
000
000 authorized
 1
752
823 issued and outstanding











Common stock - class A; $0.001 par value; 22
000
000 authorized
 7
913
023 issued and oustanding











Common stock - class B; $0.001 par value; 40
000
000 authorized
 21
286
344 issued and outstanding















201





549







852





342





















620





237















































124





833





















595





015













 



Amincor
 Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Three Years Ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 




































674





246





280












894





181





978































064





302








Selling
 general and administrative



255





459





083


























475





395





781




































Interest expense
 net



819





254












281

















758





845






























858





702































334





097





383













































334





097





383































062





675









































609





160





059




































096


























509





448





962














































































012





724





723














































































012





724





723

















 



Amincor
 Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Three Years Ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 















































































































Balances at December&nbsp;31
 2010



752










478










245










864





130





179





943













































Acquisition of Environmental Quality Services
 Inc.



















































































































075

















































962





096





059













































Balances at December&nbsp;31
 2011



752










478










245










500





956










444


























































































Exchange of common shares of Tyree Holdings Corp. for common shares of Amincor
 Inc.



































































































































































448










160













































Balances at December&nbsp;31
 2012



752










663










286










549





342










833






































































































































































509










609













































Balances at December&nbsp;31
 2013



752










913










286










201





852










124













































 



Amincor
 Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Three Years Ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 


















































334





097





383

















Depreciation and amortization of property
 plant and equipment



785





461





727











499





589























758





845




































































084










































164





299







782





852





103
























165







































206





359







869























































































083





053





282












































378





















































253













































111










831












































































069































624










150




































399




































372

















414

































 



Amincor
 Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Three Years Ended December 31
 2013 


















































































332








Cash
 beginning of period








274





607






















Cash
 end of period













274














































































































































003



































548





























































Sale of the common stock of Environmental Quality Services
 Inc. effectively on April&nbsp;1
 2013

































Foreclosure on the mortgages receivable related to the property in Pelham Manor
 New York



000


























 Inc. (&#147;Amincor&#148;) was incorporated on October&nbsp;8
 1997 and is headquartered in New York
 New York. During 2012
 2011 and 2010
 Amincor
Advanced Waste&nbsp;&amp; Water
Technology
Baker&#146;s Pride
 Inc. (&#147;BPI&#148;) 

 Inc. (&#147;EQS&#148;) 

 Inc. (&#147;ESI&#148;) 


 Inc. (&#147;Tulare Holdings&#148;
 or &#147;Tulare&#148;) 
As of
December&nbsp;31
 2013
 AWWT
 BPI
 Tyree and Amincor Other Assets
AWWT
AWWT performs water remediation services in the Northeastern United States and is headquartered in Farmingdale
 New York. 
 



BPI
manufactures bakery food products
 consisting primarily of several varieties of sliced and packaged private label bread in addition to fresh and frozen varieties of donuts
 in the Midwest and Eastern region of the United States. BPI is headquartered
and operates facilities in Burlington
On October&nbsp;31
 2012
 BPI&#146;s most significant customer terminated its contract with the Company due
to BPI&#146;s inability to meet certain pricing
 cost and product offering needs. 

 repair and construction services to customers with underground petroleum storage tanks and petroleum product dispensing equipment.
Complimenting these services
 Tyree is engaged in environmental consulting
 site assessment
 analysis and management of site remediation for owners and operators of property with petroleum storage facilities. Tyree markets its services throughout
the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States to national and multinational enterprises
 as well as to local and national governmental agencies and municipalities. The majority of Tyree&#146;s revenue is derived from customers in the
Northeastern United States. Tyree&#146;s headquarters are located in Mt. Laurel
 New Jersey. 

 equipment and loan receivables. 

 2013
 Other Assets sold its 360
000 square foot facility located in Allentown
 Pennsylvania. The property was sold for $500
000
 less
outstanding taxes and costs due and owing on the property
 for net sale proceeds of $232
On December&nbsp;19
 2013
 Other Assets executed a
promissory note against its property located in Pelham Manor
 New York. The promissory note is for $1.5 million and calls for interest only payments of $15
000 per month
 with the full principal balance due on January&nbsp;1
 2015. The note carries
an interest rate of 12.0%&nbsp;per annum. 

 Amincor discontinued the operations of Masonry
 Tulare
 and ESI. On April&nbsp;1
 2013
 Amincor sold the business of EQS to a former manager of
Masonry manufactured and
distributed concrete and lightweight block to the construction industry and also operated a retail home center and showroom
 where it sold masonry related products
 hardware and building supplies to customers. Masonry&#146;s headquarters
 showroom
and operating facility were located in Pelham Manor
 New York. 
 



 

 from produce supplied by growers
 for the food service and retail markets throughout
southern California and the southwestern United States. Tulare sold to retailers under a private label
 and to food brokers and retail food stores under the Tulare Frozen Foods label. Tulare&#146;s headquarters and processing facility was located in
Lindsay
ESI was the worldwide
licensee for the Volkl and Boris Becker Tennis brands. In 2010
 ESI became the exclusive sales representative of Volkl and Becker products for Samsung C&amp;T America
 Inc. ESI sold their products domestically through retailers located throughout
the United States
 and internationally through International Distributors who would sell to retailers in their local markets and on-line retailers. ESI was headquartered in New York
 New York. 
EQS formerly provided environmental and hazardous
waste testing services in the Northeastern United States
 and was headquartered in Farmingdale
2. Summary of Significant Accounting
The accompanying
consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#147;GAAP&#148;). 
The consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of Amincor and all of its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively
 the &#147;Company&#148;). All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant estimates include the valuation of goodwill and intangible assets
 the useful lives of tangible and intangible assets
 depreciation and amortization of property

 




plant and equipment
 allowances for doubtful accounts and inventory obsolescence
 completion of contracts and loss contingencies on particular uncompleted contracts and the valuation allowance on
deferred tax assets. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
Revenue is recognized from product sales when goods
are delivered to BPI&#146;s shipping dock
 and are made available for pick-up by the customer
 at which point title and risk of loss pass to the customer. Customer sales discounts are accounted for as reductions of revenues in the same period the
Maintenance and
repair services for several retail petroleum customers are performed under multi-year
 unit price contracts (&#147;Tyree Contracts&#148;). Under these agreements
 the customer pays a set price per contracted retail location per month and Tyree
provides a defined scope of maintenance and repair services at these locations on an on-call or as scheduled basis. Revenue earned under Tyree Contracts is recognized each month at the prevailing per location unit price. Revenue from other
Tyree uses the percentage-of-completion method on construction services
measured by the percentage of total costs incurred to date to estimated total costs for each contract. This method is used because management considers costs to date to be the best available measure of progress on these contracts. 

job conditions and estimated profitability
 including those arising from final contract settlements
 may result in revisions to costs and income. These revisions are recognized in the period in which it is probable that the customer will approve the
variation and the amount of revenue arising from the revision can be reliably measured. An amount equal to contract costs attributable to claims is included in revenues when negotiations have reached an advance stage such that it is probable that
The asset account &#147;Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on
uncompleted contracts
The liability account
 &#147;Billings in excess of cost and
estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts
&#148; represents billings in excess of revenues recognized. 
 



AWWT
provides water remediation and logistics services for its clients which include any business that produces waste water. AWWT invoices clients based on bills of lading
 which specify the quantity and type of water treated. Revenue is recognized as
water remediation services are performed. 

based on management&#146;s estimate of the amount of receivables that will actually be collected after analyzing the credit worthiness of its customers and historical experience
 as well as the prevailing business and economic environment. Accounts
are written off when significantly past due and after exhaustive efforts at collection. Recoveries of accounts receivables previously written off are recorded as income when subsequently collected. 

Tyree
 BPI
 and AWWT extend unsecured credit to customers in the ordinary course of business but mitigate the associated risks by performing credit checks and actively pursuing past due accounts. Tyree follows the practice of filing statutory
&#147;mechanics&#148; liens on construction projects where collection problems are anticipated. 

determined to be non-accrual when it is probable that scheduled payments of principal and interest will not be received when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. When a loan is placed on non-accrual status
 all accrued yet
uncollected interest is reversed from income. Payments received on non-accrual loans are generally applied to the outstanding principal balance. Loans are removed from non-accrual status when management believes that the borrower will resume making
the payments required by the loan agreement. 

 first-out method. Market is determined based on the net realizable value with
appropriate consideration given to obsolescence
 excessive levels and other market factors. An inventory reserve is recorded if the carrying amount of the inventory exceeds its estimated market value. 
 




 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 

 plant and equipment are stated at cost
 less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method
over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of their estimated useful lives or the remaining lease terms. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to operations as
incurred. Renewals and betterments are capitalized. Upon the sale or retirement of an asset
 the related costs and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is recognized in the results of operations. 
Property held for investment
consists property in Pelham Manor
 New York. The value of the property is based on the fair value of the property. 

indefinite-lived intangibles are not subject to amortization but are tested for impairment annually and whenever events or circumstances change
 such as a significant adverse change in the economic climate that would make it more likely than not
that impairment may have occurred. If the carrying value of goodwill or an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized. 

over the expected useful lives of the respective assets. 

recoverable. The Company assesses recoverability by determining whether the net book value of the related asset will be recovered through the projected undiscounted future cash flows of the asset. If the Company determines that the carrying value of
the asset may not be recoverable
INCOME
The Company accounts for income taxes using the liability method
 which provides for an asset and liability approach to accounting for income taxes.
Under this method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded for future tax effects of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities
 and measured when using the current tax rates and laws that
are expected to be in effect when the underlying assets or liabilities are anticipated to be recovered or settled. Valuation allowances are established
 when necessary
 to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount of tax benefits expected to be
realized. 
 




 in applying the liability method
 the financial statement effects of an uncertain tax
position be recognized based on the outcome that is more likely than not to occur. Under the criterion the most likely resolution of an uncertain tax position should be analyzed based on technical merits and on the outcome that would likely be
sustained under examination. 

GAAP has established a framework for measuring fair value that is based on a hierarchy which requires that the valuation technique used be based on the most objective inputs available for measuring a particular asset or liability. There are three
broad levels in the fair value hierarchy which describe the degree of objectivity of the inputs used to determine the fair value. The fair value hierarchy is set forth as below: 


 and inputs that are observable
for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
Level 3 &#150; inputs to the
valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement. They are based on best information available in the absence of level 1 and 2 inputs. 

Basic earnings (loss) per share is
computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share considers the potential dilution that could occur if securities or
other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or could otherwise cause the issuance of common stock. Such contracts include stock options and convertible preferred stock
 which when exercised or converted into common stock would cause the
issuance of common stock that then would share in earnings (loss). Such potential additional common shares are included in the computation of diluted earnings per share. Diluted loss per share is not computed for the years ended December&nbsp;31
2013
 2012 and 2011 because any potential additional common shares would reduce the reported loss per share and therefore have an antidilutive effect. 
 



 

provided in exchange for the award (the vesting period). Share-based awards are subject to specific vesting conditions. Compensation cost is recognized over the vesting period based on the grant date fair value of the awards and the portion of the
award that is ultimately expected to vest. 

 general and administrative costs on the consolidated statements of
operations. Advertising expenses were approximately $26
000
 $62
000 and $74
000 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. 
Certain reclassifications have been made to
the accompanying consolidated financial statements of prior periods to conform to the current period&#146;s presentation. 

 which contemplates the
realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has suffered recurring net losses from operations and had a working capital deficit of $34
430
921 and a (deficit) equity of $14
124
422 as of
December&nbsp;31
 2013
 which raises substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its capability to raise additional funds through debt
and equity financing
 and to achieve profitable operations. Management&#146;s plans to continue as a going concern and to achieve a profitable level of operations are as follows: 







 Inc. 


















 Inc. 






 as well
as increase revenues from its existing customers
 
 









 bread and bun business once the existing plant assets are operating at maximum capacity
 






 which matures on September&nbsp;1
 2014
 when BPI&#146;s cash flow improves. 













business depends on the ability of one of Tyree&#146;s primary customers to secure remediation work by bidding environmental liabilities currently present on gasoline stations and referring this work to Tyree
 







 














 Inc. 






 






 if the assets cannot be liquidated. 







 Inc. 







the Company&#146;s current levels through at least December&nbsp;31
 2014
 if the Company is not able to do so and if the Company is unable to become profitable in 2014
 the Company would likely need to modify its plans and/or cut back on its
operations. If the Company is able to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity securities
 substantial dilution to existing shareholders may result.&nbsp;However
 if management&#146;s plans are not achieved
 if significant unanticipated
events occur
 or if the Company is unable to obtain the necessary additional funding on favorable terms or at all
 management would likely have to modify its business plans to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 
 



 

 Tyree
 Masonry
 Tulare and ESI) in 2010 has been accounted for using the pooling-of-interest
method
In connection with the acquisitions
 the Company assumed liabilities for the payment of certain delinquent
accounts payable
 income taxes
 litigation settlements and other specified liabilities. The Company has since negotiated repayment terms with the majority of the parties owed. The remaining amounts due are non-interest bearing and have terms ranging
in duration from 1 to 36 months. The balances of these assumed liabilities totaled approximately $1
409
000 and $1
256
000 as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. 
On November&nbsp;5
 2012
 the Company acquired all
of the assets and assumed some of the liabilities of Environmental Waste Treatment
 LLC (&#147;EWT Business&#148;)
 which is a company in the business of providing water remediation services
 in exchange for a note payable of $50
000 to the seller.
The Company accounted for the AWWT acquisition as a business combination and the estimated fair values at
November&nbsp;5
 2012 of assets acquired and liabilities assumed have been allocated as follows: 




















Property
 plant and equipment












































































For the period November&nbsp;5
 2012 to December&nbsp;31
 2012
 the revenues and net loss of AWWT was approximately $93
000
and $35
000
Pro forma information for the
operations of AWWT for the periods prior to the acquisition are not present since AWWT was not material to the Company&#146;s consolidated results of operations and earnings per share. 
 



In
2011
 the Company acquired all of the assets and assumed some of the liabilities of Environmental Testing Laboratories
 Inc. (&#147;ETL Business&#148;)
 a company in the business of providing environmental testing and laboratory services in exchange
The Company accounted for the EQS acquisition as a business
combination and the total consideration of $145
000 has been allocated to the net assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective estimated fair values at January&nbsp;3
 2011 as follows: 



































































































For the period ended January&nbsp;3
 2011 to December&nbsp;31
 2011
 the revenues and net loss of EQS was approximately
$1
251
000 and $461
000
 respectively
Pro forma information for the
operations of EQS for the period prior to the acquisition is not present since EQS was not material to the Company&#146;s consolidated results of operations and earnings per share. 
Effective June&nbsp;30
 2011
the Company discontinued the operations of Masonry and Tulare Holdings
 Inc.
 effective September&nbsp;30
 2011 the Company discontinued the operations of Epic Sports International
 Inc and effective April&nbsp;1
 2013
 the Company discontinued the
operations of Environmental Quality Services
 Inc. As a result
 losses from Masonry
 Tulare
 EQS and ESI are included in the loss from discontinued operations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for the years ended
December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011. Assets and liabilities related to discontinued operations are presented separately on the consolidated balance sheets as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012. Changes in net cash from discontinued operations are
presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011. All prior period information has been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. 
 




 Tulare Holdings and ESI and EQS
 the
Company evaluated the carrying values of the assets of those companies. For Masonry
 Tulare Holdings and ESI
 the Company determined that as of December&nbsp;31
 2011
 the carrying value of such assets was not recoverable. Therefore
 the Company
recorded an impairment charge of approximately $2.9 million for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2011
 of which approximately $1.2 million related to the reduction of the carrying value of property and equipment to the estimated fair value
approximately $1.4 million related to the write off of intangible assets
 and approximately $300
Pursuant
to a Stock Purchase Agreement
 effective April&nbsp;1
 2013
 EHS
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of Amincor
 sold all of its right
 title and interest in all of the common stock of EQS to Essential Environmental Technologies. 









































168































The $500
000 promissory note has a maturity date of April&nbsp;1
 2018 and is secured by the assets sold. The annual interest
rate on the note is 8%&nbsp;per annum
 with the first two years consisting of interest payments only and
 subsequently
 the note is to be amortized over a three year period. 

 2013
 there were no assets remaining related to discontinued operations. 

 Tulare
 EQS and ESI have been segregated from continuing operations and reported as discontinued operations: 

























































232





104


























062





675

















 




 excluding assets held
for sale (which is recorded separately on the consolidated balance sheets). 























































Property
 plant and equipment
 net


















































161





















945





350







056





160




























001





641





















001





479












The Company will continue to provide administrative services for the discontinued operations until the liquidation of these
discontinued entities is completed. 

 New York
 which have completed the process of foreclosure as of
December&nbsp;31
 2013. The value of the mortgage was based on the fair value of the collateral. As such
 the asset was reclassified as property held for investment as of December&nbsp;31
 2013. 

 2013 and 2012
 the mortgages receivable
 designated as non-performing loans
 totaled $0 and $6
180
000. The Company has established an
allowance for loan losses of $0 and $180
000 as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. 
 




2013 and 2012. 


































180





180





















000



















































000












The changes to the allowance for loan losses for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012 is summarized as follows:


































































































































































































000












As of
December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company has a loan outstanding totaling $500
000 and $0
 respectively and an allowance for loan losses of $260
000 and $0
 respectively. 
 




000 for the year
ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and $0 for each of the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 and 2011
The following table presents loan
receivable and the related allowance for loan losses as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012. 























































































































































































































































































































 construction and service maintenance parts 











A summary of inventory as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012 is below: 































316





816








































643





925

























Inventories
 net








620













 



9. Property
 Plant and Equipment 

 2013 and 2012
 property
 plant and equipment from continuing operations consisted of the following: 















































147





893























443





376























000







































465





046









204





870





















260





176














Total depreciation expense related to continuing operations for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011 was
$1
785
007
 $1
461
293 and $1
727
831
 respectively. 

 2012
 BPI was notified that its primary customer would be terminating its contract with the Company as of the end of October 2012 due to
BPI&#146;s inability to meet certain pricing
 cost and product offering needs. Consequently
 BPI performed an impairment study and concluded that BPI&#146;s goodwill and intangible assets were fully impaired. The Company recorded an impairment
expense of $7
770
900 and $4
812
496 for BPI&#146;s goodwill and intangible assets (customer relationships)
On December&nbsp;31
2013
 an annual impairment study was performed on Tyree. The impairment study on Tyree&#146;s licenses and permits
 an intangible asset
 concluded that the aforementioned licenses and permits were impaired. The Company recorded an impairment expense
of $1
758
On December&nbsp;31
 2012
 annual impairment studies were performed on Tyree
 EQS and AWWT&#146;s
goodwill
 which concluded that Tyree and EQS&#146;s goodwill assets were fully impaired and AWWT&#146;s goodwill asset was not impaired. The Company recorded an impairment expense of $7
575
500 and $535
988 for Tyree and EQS
 respectively in 2012
Goodwill of $22
241 as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 and licenses and permits (an
intangible asset) of $851
000 and $2
609
000 as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 have indefinite useful lives and are not being amortized but are instead tested for impairment annually or whenever an event occurs that may indicate a
significant decrease in the fair value of the assets has taken place. 
 




assets. Intangible assets consist of the following at December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012: 














































327













886

























214













214















Intangible assets subject to amortization
 net







































609















Intangible assets
 net










609














The aforementioned licenses and permits have renewal provisions
 which are generally one to four years. As of
December&nbsp;31
 2013
 the weighted-average period to the next renewal was ten months. The costs of renewal are nominal and are expensed when incurred. The Company intends to renew all licenses and permits currently held. 

 2013
 2012 and 2011
 the Company recorded total impairment expense of $1
758
000
 $20
845
296 and $0
 respectively. 

 2013
 2012 and 2011 was $0
 $1
499
561 and $3
589
075
respectively. As of December&nbsp;31
 2013
 all intangible assets subject to amortization were fully amortized. 





























206





734





























270





613







906





029









































































































 



 

 2013 and 2012 are as follows: 






























507












464


















































049





827
















109





















807





937












During the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 Tyree did not file certain required payroll tax returns on a timely
basis and did not properly pay its payroll tax liabilities
 including trust funds withheld on behalf of its employees. Through the assistance of an outside payroll services company
 Tyree filed all delinquent payroll tax returns during the fourth
quarter of 2013 and is currently in negotiations with federal and various state authorities to settle its remaining payroll tax obligations. Tyree estimates that its outstanding payroll tax liability
 including penalties and interest
 was
approximately $2.5 million as of December&nbsp;31
During the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 Tyree did not file required sales tax returns in
various jurisdictions. Tyree subsequently filed the required returns and is currently in negotiations with various state authorities to settle the remaining sales tax liability. Tyree estimates that its outstanding sales tax liability
 including
penalties and interest
 is approximately $1.45 million as of December&nbsp;31
 2013. 
 



 

 2013 and 2012: 


























Equipment loans payable
 collateralized by the assets purchased
 and bearing interest at annual fixed rates ranging from 8.00% to
15.00% as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012 with principal and interest payable in installments through July 2014















Promissory notes converted from accounts payable
 with an imputed interest rate of 10%. Payment terms are from 12 to 36 months



884





135







Promissory notes payable
 with accrued interest
 to three former stockholders of a predecessor company. These notes are unsecured and
are subordinate to the Company&#146;s senior debt. The notes matured and are in default as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and bear interest at an annual fixed rate of 6.00%















Note payable to a commercial bank. Payable in monthly installments of principal and interest through March 2015. The annual interest
rate is 7.25%















Bridge loan with a commercial bank
 collateralized by property
 plant and equipment in addition to assets purchased
 and bearing
interest at 2.75% above the U.S. Prime Rate with a floor of 5.00% and a ceiling of 7.00%. The loan matures on September&nbsp;1
 2014.



749





749







Promissory note payable
 collateralized by property. Payable in monthly installments of interest only bearing an interest rate of
12.00%. The loan matures on January&nbsp;1
 2015 at which time the entire unpaid principal amount and all accrued interest is fully due and payable.



500

























178





376











957





057


























318






















Year Ending December&nbsp;31










957




















178








The Company is obligated under various capital lease agreements for machinery and equipment. The terms of the leases range
from one to five years and have effective interest rates that range from 4.4% to 16.0%. 
 




 2013 are as follows: 

















































































The
Company records the income tax effect of transactions in the same year that the transactions occur to determine net income
 regardless of when the transactions are recognized for tax purposes. Deferred taxes are provided to reflect the income tax
effects of amounts included in the Company&#146;s financial statements in different periods than for tax purposes
 and principally relate to bad debt allowances for accounts receivables
 equity compensation charges
 impairment of long-lived assets
depreciation and amortization expenses. There was no provision for income taxes for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
Deferred tax
assets represent the future income tax benefit from amounts that have been recognized as expenses for financial statement purposes until future years. Likewise
 deferred tax liabilities represent the current income tax benefit from amounts that may
The Company evaluates deferred income
taxes quarterly to determine if it is more likely than not that the future tax benefits from deferred tax assets will be realized in future years. Valuation allowances are established if it is determined that the Company may not realize some or all
such future tax benefits. The Company assesses whether valuation allowances against the deferred tax assets should be established or adjusted based on consideration of all available evidence
 both positive and negative
 using the more likely than
not standard. This assessment considers
 among other matters
 the nature
 frequency of recent income and losses
 forecasts of future profitability and the duration of statutory carry forward periods. In making such judgments
 significant weight is
given to evidence that can be objectively verified. 
 




December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012 are presented below: 














December&nbsp;31

























813





459










































821





416







061





927





























811





774



























Property
 plant and equipment















































414





661







414





661
































As of December&nbsp;31
 2013
 the Company&#146;s federal net operating losses were approximately $52 million. These net
operating loss carryforwards expire from the year&#146;s ended 2028 to 2033 and may be limited in accordance with the Internal Revenue Code (&#147;IRC&#148;) based on certain changes in ownership that have occurred
 or could occur in the future.


 primarily due to the effect of state and local income taxes
and the impact of recording a deferred tax valuation allowance. A deferred tax valuation allowance is recorded if it is determined that the Company may not realize or some of all of the future tax benefits from the deferred tax assets
 which
primarily consist of the potential future tax benefits from net operating loss carryforwards. The following is a reconciliation of the income tax expense that would result from applying the U.S. Federal statutory income tax rate to the
Company&#146;s recorded income tax expense for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011: 


















Years Ended December&nbsp;31


















466





274





840












990





384







678










227















394







753





595





603













































 



 

 directly or indirectly
 to control another party or exercise significant influence
over the other party in making financial and operating decisions. Related parties include other parties that are subject to common control or that are subject to common significant influences. 
Loans from a related party consist of the
following at: 






















Loan and security agreement with Capstone Capital Group
 LLC which matures on October&nbsp;31
 2016 bearing interest at 18%&nbsp;per
annum. Maximum borrowing of $8
000
000



001












Loan and security agreement with Capstone Capital Group
 LLC which matures on May&nbsp;15
 2015 bearing interest at 18%&nbsp;per annum.
Maximum borrowing of $1
000
000















Short-term accounts receivable financing arrangement with Capstone Business Funding
 LLC. No maturity date is specified. Interest is
charged at variable rates based upon collection days outstanding.



060











Loan and security agreement with Stephen Tyree which matures on November&nbsp;5
 2014 bearing interest at 5.0%&nbsp;per annum.

























493





289












Interest expense for these loans amounted to $1
336
592
 $331
311 and $200
893 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
2012 and 2011
 respectively. 
 




000
 $180
000 and $120
000 from Capstone Capital Funding Group
LLC for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 respectively. 

 the businesses of each of the companies acquired were borrowers under financing agreements with several interrelated
partnerships. Due to their failure to make payments under their respective financing agreements
 the lending partnerships exercised their right to take control of these borrowing businesses. Upon taking control
 new corporate entities were formed to
own and operate each of these businesses and capital stock of each of the new corporations was distributed to the partners of the lenders in proportion to their partnership interests. Following these takeovers
 the Company acquired these businesses
and then the stockholders of the newly formed corporations received Amincor capital stock
Upon
completion of these acquisitions
 the general partners of the lending partnerships referred to the above received Amincor Class&nbsp;A voting common stock and the limited partners received Amincor Class B non-voting or convertible preferred stock.
Convertible preferred stock was issued to those limited partners who had placed redemption requests before the defaults and subsequent takeovers discussed as above. Except for the voting rights
 Class&nbsp;A and Class B common stock are identical.
As a result
 the Company&#146;s stockholders each have an ownership interest in Amincor that is equivalent to their rights and interest in the above
mentioned lending partnerships. 

 or from time to time
 redeem on a pro rata basis issued and outstanding preferred shares by paying the holders of preferred stock
$100 for each share redeemed. In the event of liquidation
 dissolution
 or winding up of the Company
 the preferred shares are entitled to a payment of $100 per share before any payment is made to
 or set aside for
 the holders of common shares.
On or after January&nbsp;1
 2011
 any holders of convertible preferred shares are entitled to convert their shares into Class B common shares on the
For the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 no preferred stock was converted into
Class B common shares. 
 



The
holders of both Class&nbsp;A and Class B common shares are entitled to dividends
 if declared by the Board of Directors. However
 no dividends can be paid on common stock until all shares of convertible preferred stock have been redeemed or
converted into common stock. The holders of Class B common stock do not have any voting rights. In the event of liquidation
 the holders of both classes are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of all liabilities and any
On
December&nbsp;31
 2012
 the Company issued 41
154 shares of Class B common shares in exchange for 10
700 shares of Tyree&#146;s Common Stock. Tyree&#146;s Common Stock was converted to Amincor Class B shares using a $0.65 valuation. As a result
 the
On December&nbsp;31
 2012
 the Company issued 184
614 shares of Class&nbsp;A
common shares to certain officers of the Company in exchange for $120
On
September&nbsp;30
 2013
 the Company issued 250
000 shares of Class&nbsp;A Voting common shares to Caro Capital
 LLC
 for a purchase price of $200. The shares are compensation for six months of financial consulting services
 beginning
September&nbsp;17
 2013
 to the Company and have been recorded at the fair value of the services rendered. The shares have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933 and are restricted accordingly. 
The Company does not have a
During 2013 and 2012
 the
Company&#146;s Board of Directors granted common stock Class&nbsp;A options to the President
 Vice-President
 CFO
 certain management and employees of the Company
 and certain officers and employees of its subsidiary companies
 all at various
exercise prices
 based on the estimated fair market value of the Company&#146;s share price at the date of the grant. 50% of the options vest and become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date and the remaining 50% vest on the second
anniversary of the grant date
 provided that the individual is employed by the Company on the anniversary date. 
 




model
 which requires the input of subjective assumptions. These assumptions include the estimated volatility of the Company&#146;s common stock price of the expected term
 the fair value of the Company&#146;s stock
 the risk-free interest rate and
the dividend yield. Changes in the subjective assumptions can materially affect the estimated fair value of stock compensation. The following assumptions were used in 2013
 2012 and 2011: 


























































Share based compensation costs of approximately $622
000
 $429
000 and $415
000 is reflected in selling
 general and
administrative expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. 

 2013: 




























Options outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2010


















389

























Canceled
 forfeited or expired



























Options outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2011



832















630

























Canceled
 forfeited or expired



























Options outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2012



463















726

























Canceled
 forfeited or expired




























Options outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2013



731












































December&nbsp;31
 2012



051

























December&nbsp;31
 2013



238

























 




December&nbsp;31
 2013: 











































































































066













































































































































































































731













238






























As of December&nbsp;31
 2013
 the total compensation cost related to nonvested awards not yet recognized was approximately
$317
000. All expenses related to these options are recognized within two years of their grant date. 



















Year Ended December&nbsp;31
































334





097





383












062





675





















609





160





059








































013





724





723





































































































































The Company&#146;s loss attributable to common stockholders
 along with the dilutive effect of potentially issuable common
stock due to outstanding options and convertible securities
 causes the normal computation of diluted loss per share to be smaller than the basic loss per share. Consequently
 the diluted loss per share amount presented does not differ from basic
loss per share due to this &#147;anti-dilutive&#148; effect. 
 




 2013
 2012 and 2011
 the Company had potentially dilutive common shares attributable to the
following: 


















Year Ended December&nbsp;31


















731





463





832







528





528





528





















259





991





360


















 (2)&nbsp;Other Assets
 (3)&nbsp;AWWT (4)&nbsp;BPI
 and (5)&nbsp;Tyree. Assets related
to discontinued operations (&#147;Disc. Ops&#148;) are also presented below where relevant. Segment information is as follows: 
















































446





566



















313





051







118





529











161

















595





015

















































































752


































135













 










































































































































































































609






















609































Years Ended December&nbsp;31












































































718





587





968







602





559





311





















674





246





280






















Years Ended December&nbsp;31





































154





892





348








































971





897





598







217





377





667





















334





097





383

















 





















Years Ended December&nbsp;31












































































178
















































785





461





727






















Years Ended December&nbsp;31






























































































117





824

























499





589






















Years Ended December&nbsp;31

































































































161



























Total interest expense
 net



819





254






















Tyree&#146;s contracts with its customers usually
contain a written or implied warranty on workmanship for one year. Subcontractors and parts suppliers used by Tyree generally warrant the parts they supply or services they perform for a similar period. At project or service completion
 customers
provide written or verbal acceptance of Tyree&#146;s work. Warranty related costs experiences by Tyree typically consist of minor adjustments or calibration work. Tyree has accrued approximately $50
000 at December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012 for
estimated warranty costs related to completed contracts. 
 



 

provisions and some require the Company to pay maintenance costs or a share of real estate taxes and other costs. Rental payments may be adjusted for increases in taxes and insurance. 

term. This has resulted in deferred rent liabilities of $6
104 and $13
429 as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 which are included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 

488
400
 $2
113
872 and $1
802
985 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
 which includes related
party rent of $167
557
 $1
257
368 and $1
073
317 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
At December&nbsp;31
 2013
 the
future minimum lease commitments under non-cancelable operating leases
 including leases with related parties
 are as follows: 

















011








































339








BPI
BPI established a 401(k) retirement plan (the &#147;BPI Plan&#148;) effective January&nbsp;1
 2009. The Plan covers employees of the Company who have
completed three months (250 hours) of service and have attained the age of twenty-one. All employees hired prior to January&nbsp;1
 2009 entered the Plan immediately. The BPI Plan permits participants to choose either a traditional pre-tax salary
deferral plan or a Roth after-tax deferral plan. BPI does not make matching or discretionary contributions. 

 which covers all eligible non-union employees. The Tyree Plan
provides for voluntary 
 




contributions by eligible employees up to a maximum of 85% of their eligible compensation
 subject to the applicable federal limitations. Tyree has the option to make a discretionary contribution
each year
 but did not make any contributions for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
Tyree has collective bargaining agreements with
labor unions. These agreements expired at varying dates through November&nbsp;30
 2012. In accordance with its collective bargaining agreements
 Tyree participates in four multi-employer pension plans and one defined contribution (401k)&nbsp;Plan.
These plans provide benefits to substantially all union employees. Such plans are usually administered by a board of trustees comprised of the management of the participating companies and labor representatives. The net pension cost of the pension
plans is equal to the annual contribution determined in accordance with the provisions of negotiated labor contracts. Assets contributed to such pension are not segregated or otherwise restricted to provide benefits only to the Tyree&#146;s
employees. The risks of participating in these multi-employer pension plans are different are different from single-employer plans in the following aspects: 1) assets contributed to the multi-employer pension plan by one employer may be used to
provide benefits to employees of other participating employers; 2) if a participating employer stops contributing to the plan
 the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participant employers; and 3) if Tyree chooses to stop
participating in some of its multi-employer pension plans
 Tyree may be required to pay those plans an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan
 which is referred to as a withdrawal liability. 

 2013
 2012 and 2011 is outlined in the table below. The
&#147;EIN/Pension Plan Number&#148; column provides the Employee Identification Number (&#147;EIN&#148;). And the three-digit plan number. Unless otherwise noted
 the most recent Pension Protection Act (&#147;PPA&#148;) zone status available in
2013
 2012 and 2011 is for the plan&#146;s year-end at December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. The zone status is based on information that Tyree received from the plan and is certified by the plan&#146;s actuary. Among other factors
plans in the red zone are generally less than 65% funded
 plans in the yellow zone are less than 80% funded. The &#147;FIP/RP Status Pending/Implemented&#148; column indicates plans for which a financial improvement plan (&#147;FIP&#148;) or a
rehabilitation plan (&#147;RP&#148;) is either pending or has been implemented. The last column lists the expiration dates of the collective bargaining agreements to which the plans are subject. 







































































































































































































































































































































































































 



 

 from time to time
 involved in ordinary and routine litigation. Management presently believes that the ultimate outcome of
these proceedings individually or in the aggregate
 will not have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. Nevertheless
 litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties and unfavorable
rulings could occur. An unfavorable ruling could include monetary damages and
 in such event
 could result in a material adverse impact on the Company&#146;s financial position
 results of operations or cash flows for the period in which the ruling
On July&nbsp;6
 2012
 SFR Holdings
Ltd.
 Eden Rock Finance Master Limited
 Eden Rock Asset Based Lending Master Ltd.
 Eden Rock Unleveraged Finance Master Limited
 SHK Asset Backed Finance Limited
 Cannonball Plus Fund Limited and Cannonball Stability Fund
 LP (collectively
 the
&#147;Plaintiffs&#148;) commenced an action in the Supreme Court of the State of New York County of New York against Amincor
 Inc.
 Amincor Other Assets
 Inc.
 their officers and directors
 John R. Rice III
 Joseph F. Ingrassia and Robert L. Olson
and various other entities affiliated with or controlled directly or indirectly by John R. Rice III and Joseph F. Ingrassia (collectively the &#147;Defendants&#148;). Plaintiffs allege that Defendants engaged in wrongful acts
 including fraudulent
inducement
 fraud
 breach of fiduciary duty
 unjust enrichment
 fraudulent conveyance and breach of contract. Plaintiffs are seeking compensatory damages in an amount in excess of $150
000 to be determined at trial. Litigation is pending. Management
believes that this lawsuit has no merit or basis and intends to vigorously defend it. 

 BPI had Environmental Site Assessments performed on the property where the Mt. Pleasant
Street Bakery
 Inc. resides
 as required by BPI&#146;s prospective lender. A Phase II Environmental Site Assessment was completed on October&nbsp;31
 2011 and was submitted to the Iowa Department of Natural Resources (&#147;IDNR&#148;) for their
review. IDNR requested that a Tier Two Site Cleanup Report (&#147;Tier Two&#148;) be issued and completed in order to better understand what environmental hazards exist on the property. The Tier Two was completed on February&nbsp;3
 2012 and was
submitted to IDNR for further review. Management&#146;s latest correspondence with IDNR
 dated March&nbsp;21
 2012
 required additional environmental remediation in order to be in compliance with IDNR&#146;s regulations. Management has retained the
necessary environmental consultants to become compliant with IDNR&#146;s request. Due to the nature of the liability
 the remediation work is 100% eligible for refund from IDNR&#146;s Innocent Landowner Fund. As such
 there is no direct liability
related to the cleanup of the hazard. 
 



One
of Tyree&#146;s largest customers
 Getty Petroleum Marketing
 Inc. (&#147;GPMI&#148;) filed for bankruptcy protection on December&nbsp;5
 2011. As of that date
 Tyree had a pre-petition receivable of $1
515
401
 which was subsequently written-off
due to the uncertainty of collection. Additionally
 Tyree has a post-petition administrative claim for $593
709. A Proof of Claim was filed with the Bankruptcy court on Tuesday
 April&nbsp;10
 2012. On August&nbsp;27
 2012
 the United States
Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York confirmed GPMI&#146;s Chapter 11 plan of liquidation offered by its unsecured creditors committee
 overruling the remaining objections. The plan provides for all of the debtors&#146; property to
be liquidated over time and for the proceeds to be allocated to creditors. Any assets not distributed by the effective date will be held by a liquidating trust and administered by a liquidation trustee
 who will be responsible for liquidating
assets
 resolving disputed claims
 making distributions
 pursuing reserved causes of action and winding up GPMI&#146;s affairs. As an unsecured creditor
 Tyree may never collect or may only collect a small percentage of the pre and post-petition
amounts owed. To date
 Tyree has not been notified of any intent by the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York to clawback any amounts paid to Tyree pre-petition. On April&nbsp;4
 2014
 Tyree sold its general and
administrative claims to a third party for the aggregate sum of $553
In December 2013
 Tyree Environmental Corp. and Tyree Service Corp.
(&#147;Tyree entities&#148;) were sued by liquidating trustee of GPMI for recovery of preferential transfers in the respective amounts of $1
147
154 and $2
479
755. On March&nbsp;27
 2014
 the bankruptcy liquidating trustee entered into forbearance
agreements with the Tyree entities with respect to the preference actions until June 2014
 with the understanding that the forbearance periods will be extended and the actions will ultimately be dismissed if the Tyree entities continue to not
Tyree
currently has 110 full-time employees and 3 part time employees
 some of whom are represented by six different collective bargaining agreements. Tyree has unpaid obligations for union dues of approximately $1.3 million. Tyree management does not
dispute that benefits are due and owing to the respective unions. Labor contracts expired on December&nbsp;31
 2012 for five of the six bargaining units. Local 355 has entered into a 36 month payment agreement with Tyree Services
 Inc.
 to settle
Tyree&#146;s obligation. The monthly payment is $20
000 per month until paid in full. Local 200 has agreed to settlement its law suit for a $25
000 down payment and monthly payments of $5
000 per month for 28 months. Tyree Services
 Inc. will sign
the settlement and Tyree Holdings
 Inc. will act as a guarantor. Local 99 has entered into a verbal settlement agreement with Tyree Services
 Inc. calling for monthly payments of $4
000 per month. 24 payments remain. Local 138 has entered into a
verbal settlement agreement with Tyree Services
 Inc. Call for monthly payments of $10
000 per month for 18 months. Local 25 has agreed to a continuance of their lawsuit while Tyree&#146;s counsel and Local 25 counsel draft a settlement agreement.
Management anticipates that the agreement will call for payments of $5
000 per month for 24 months. 
 




$2.9 million as of December&nbsp;31
 2013
 which are reflected as liabilities on the Company&#146;s consolidated balance sheet. Each of these actions is handled on a case by case basis
 with settlement and payment plans ranging from a few months for
Tyree&#146;s services are regulated by federal
 state and local laws enacted to regulate discharge
of materials into the environment
 remediation of contaminated soil and groundwater or otherwise protect the environment. The regulations put Tyree or Tyree&#146;s predecessor companies at risk for becoming a party to legal proceedings involving
customers or other interested parties. The issues involved in such proceedings generally relate to alleged responsibility arising under federal or state laws to remediate contamination at properties owned or operated either by current or former
customers or by other parties who allege damages. To limit its exposure to such proceedings
 Tyree purchases
 for itself and Tyree&#146;s predecessor companies
 site pollution
 pollution and professional liability insurance. Aggregate limits
 per
occurrence limits and deductibles for this policy are $10
000
000
 $5
000
000 and $50
000
 respectively. 

 Inc.
(&#147;Samsung&#148;) was also terminated. Volkl is seeking a $400
000 royalty payment. Epic has initiated counterclaims against the various parties
 including but not limited to Samsung
 seeking damages for
 including but not limited to
infringement
 improper use of company assets and breach of fiduciary duty. Volkl was successful in obtaining a judgment against Epic Sports International
 Inc. and a confirmation of the Arbitration is presently pending in Federal Court. Management
On
September&nbsp;28
 2012
 Sean Frost (&#147;Frost&#148;)
 the former President of Epic Sports International
 Inc.
 filed a complaint against Epic Sports International Inc.
 Amincor
 Inc. and Joseph Ingrassia (collectively
 the
&#147;Defendants&#148;). The first cause of action of the complaint is a petition to compel arbitration for unpaid compensation and benefits pursuant to Frost&#146;s employment agreement. The second cause of action of the complaint is for breach of
contract for alleged non-payment of expenses
 vacation days and assumption of certain debts. The third cause of action of the complaint is for violation of the California Labor Code for failure to pay wages. In addition
 Frost is seeking among other
things
 damages
 attorneys&#146; fees and costs and expenses. As of December&nbsp;31
 2013
 the Defendants have answered the complaint and the lawsuit has been dismissed pending parties&#146; agreement to arbitrate the matter. Frost has not yet
requested arbitration or otherwise sought to initiate arbitration proceedings. The parties have been waiting since July 2013 for Frost to initiate arbitration. Defendants believe that this arbitration has no merit or basis and intend to vigorously
defend. 
 



 

 LLC
 a related party
 is the plaintiff (on behalf of Amincor Other Assets
 Inc.) in a foreclosure action against Imperia Family
Realty
 LLC (&#147;IFR&#148;). IFR is related to the former owners of Masonry&#146;s business. In November 2011
 a Judgment of Foreclosure was granted by the court ordering that the IMSC property in Pelham Manor
 New York (the &#147;Property&#148;)
be sold at public auction. As of the date of this filing
 the deed to the Property has been recorded in the name of Amincor Other Assets
 Inc. with the office of the Westchester County Clerk. 

 Inc. (a predecessor company of Masonry) filed a notice of appeal dated November&nbsp;14
 2011 with the court contesting
the Judgment of Foreclosure. On June&nbsp;19
 2013
 the parties in the above action agreed to a settlement in principle
 which resolves the remaining causes of action and dismisses the third party complaint and the declaratory judgment complaint
with prejudice. 

(&#147;FDIC&#148;) limit. The Company believes its risk of loss is negligible
 and as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company&#146;s cash balances did not exceed FDIC insurance limits. 
For the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
2012 and 2011
 and as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 revenue and accounts receivable concentrations are as follows: 



































































































































































































On
January&nbsp;9
 2014
 the Company issued 1
083
332 shares of Class&nbsp;A common shares to certain officers of the Company in exchange for $130
000. The Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A shares were valued using a $0.12 valuation
 which was the market
price for the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A shares on January&nbsp;9
 2014. 
 




 2014
 the date which the financial
statements were available to be issued. The Company had no other material subsequent events requiring disclosure. 
 













 
PURSUANT
UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 AS AMENDED 
I
 John R. Rice
 III
1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Amincor
 Inc.;

 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
4. The
registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly
(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over
5. The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 

 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s
internal control over financial reporting. 













/s/ John R. Rice
 III










 President














 
PURSUANT
UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 AS AMENDED 
I
 Joseph F. Ingrassia
1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Amincor
 Inc.; 

 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
4. The
registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly
(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over
5. The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 

 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s
internal control over financial reporting. 
























 Interim Chief Financial Officer














 


SECTION 906 OF THE
In connection with the Annual Report of Amincor
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) on Form 10-K for the period ended
December&nbsp;31
 2012 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April&nbsp;15
 2013 (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 the undersigned
 in the capacity and on the date indicated below
 hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 













/s/ John R. Rice
 III






 III
 President














 


SECTION 906 OF THE
In connection with the Annual Report of Amincor
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) on Form 10-K for the period ended
December&nbsp;31
 2013 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April&nbsp;15
 2013 (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 the undersigned
 in the capacity and on the date indicated below
 hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 




















 Interim Chief Financial Officer





