

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001165527-13-000393
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20121231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130417
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Amincor
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001167905
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CANNED
 FROZEN & PRESERVED FRUIT
 VEG & FOOD SPECIALTIES [2030]
		IRS NUMBER:				880376372
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-49669
		FILM NUMBER:		13766927
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1350 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
 24TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		347-821-3452
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1350 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
 24TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	JONING CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020220






                     U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                              Washington
 DC 20549
                                    FORM 10-K
(Mark One)
[X] Annual Report under Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange
    Act of 1934
                   For the fiscal year ended December 31
 2012
[ ] Transition report under Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities  Exchange Act
    of 1934 (No fee required)
        For the transition period from _______________ to _______________
                        Commission file number 000-28865
                                  AMINCOR
 INC.
             (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)
             Nevada                                              30-0658859
  (State or Other Jurisdiction                                (I.R.S. Employer
of Incorporation or Organization)                            Identification No.)
1350 Avenue of the Americas
 24th Floor
 New York
 New York        10019
        (Address of Principal Executive Office)                  (Zip Code)
                                 (347) 821-3452
              (Registrant's Telephone Number
 Including Area Code)
              (Former name
 former address and former fiscal year
                          if changed since last report)
           Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: None
              Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Act:
                 Class A Common Stock par value $.001 per share
                 Class B Common Stock par value $.001 per share
Indicate by check mark if the  registrant is a well known  seasoned  issuer
  as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [ ] No [X]
Indicate  by  check  mark if the  registrant  is not  required  to file  reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [ ] No [X]
Check whether the issuer:  (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section
13 or 15(d) of the  Exchange  Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
  and (2) has been
subject to such filing  requirements  for the past 90 days.  Yes [X] No [ ]
Indicate by check mark if the registrant has submitted  electronically or posted
on its corporate  Website
  if any
 every  Interactive  Data File required to be
submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulations S-T (ss.232.405 of this
chapter)  during the  preceding 12 months (or for such  shorter  period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [ ]
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation  S-K is not contained  herein
  and will not be contained
  to the
best of registrant's  knowledge
  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ ]
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large  accelerated  filer
 an
accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated  filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See
definition  of large  accelerated  filer,  accelerated  filer, and  smaller
reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Check one:
Large accelerated filer [ ]                        Accelerated filer [ ]
Non-accelerated filer [X]                          Smaller reporting company [ ]
Indicate by check mark whether the  registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Act) Yes [ ] No [X]
To date
  there has been no active  trading  market  in  Registrant's  Stock and
therefore no market value has been computed.
As of April 15
 2013
 there were 7
663
023 shares of Registrant's Class A Common
Stock and 21
286
344 shares of Registrant's Class B Common Stock outstanding.

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS
PART I
ITEM 1.  BUSINESS...........................................................   4
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS.......................................................  15
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS..........................................  25
ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES.........................................................  25
ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS..................................................  26
ITEM 4.  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES............................................  28
PART II
ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANTS COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER
         MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES..................  28
ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA............................................  29
ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
         AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS..........................................  30
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.........  52
ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA........................  52
ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS AND FINANCIAL
         DISCLOSURE.........................................................  52
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES............................................  53
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION..................................................  55
PART III
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.............  55
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.............................................  59
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
         AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS....................................  62
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR
         INDEPENDENCE.......................................................  63
ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES.............................  63
PART IV
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES............................  64
                                       2

                                EXPLANATORY NOTE
In this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 unless the context indicates otherwise
  the
terms Amincor, Company, Registrant, we, us and our refer to Amincor
Inc.
 and its subsidiaries.
              CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve
substantial risks and uncertainties.  These  forward-looking  statements are not
historical  facts
 but rather are based on current  expectations
  estimates and
projections about us
 our industry
 our beliefs
 and our assumptions. Words such
as  anticipates,   expects,   intends,   plans,   believes,   seeks,
estimates, would, should, scheduled, projects, and variations of these
words  and  similar   expressions  are  intended  to  identify   forward-looking
statements.  These  statements are not guarantees of future  performance and are
subject to risks
 uncertainties
 and other factors
 some of which are beyond our
control  and  difficult  to predict  and could  cause  actual  results to differ
materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements.
The forward-looking  statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K speak only as
of the date  hereof and caution  should be taken not to place undue  reliance on
any such forward-looking  statements.  Forward-looking statements are subject to
certain events
 risks and uncertainties that may be outside of our control. When
considering  forward-looking  statements
 you should carefully review the risks
uncertainties and other cautionary statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
as they identify  certain  important  factors that could cause actual results to
differ  materially  from those  expressed  in or implied by the  forward-looking
statements.  These factors include
 among others
 the risks described under Item
1A Risk  Factors and  elsewhere  in this Annual  Report on Form 10-K.  We do not
undertake any obligation to update or reserve any forward looking statements.
                       WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION
We are required to file quarterly and annual reports and other  information with
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
  (SEC). You may read and
copy this information
  for a copying fee
 at the SEC's Public Reference Room at
100  F  Street
   N.E.
   Washington
   D.C.  20549.  Please  call  the  SEC  at
1-800-SEC-0330  for more  information  on its  Public  Reference  Room.  Our SEC
filings will also be available to the public from commercial  document retrieval
services
 and at the Web site maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov.
Our website is located at http://www.amincorinc.com. The website contains a link
to the SEC's Web site
 where electronic copies of the materials we file with the
SEC are available for viewing (including annual reports on Form 10-K
  quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K and other required filings).
                                        3

                                     PART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
                                  AMINCOR
 INC.
HISTORY OF THE COMPANY
Amincor
  Inc. was incorporated under the laws of the state of Nevada on October
8
 1997 under the name GSE Group
  Inc. GSE Group
 Inc. was originally formed to
provide consulting services for reverse mergers to public shell corporations and
private companies  seeking to gain access to the public markets.  On October 20
1997
  GSE Group
  Inc.  changed its name to Global Stock  Exchange Corp. and on
April 28
 2000
  Global  Stock  Exchange  Corp.  changed its name to Joning Corp
(Joning).  In July 2000
  Joning ceased its business  activities.  On March 8
2002
  Joning filed a Registration  Statement on Form 10-SB under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act) as a shell company with the purpose of
finding a suitable  company  for a reverse  merger  transaction.  Joning  ceased
filing periodic  reports  subsequent to its filing of its Form 10-QSB on October
24
 2004 as it did not have the  personnel  or resources to continue the filings
and there  was no  operating  business  or  pending  business  transactions.  On
February 2
 2010
  Joning  changed its name to Amincor
  Inc. On August 4
 2010
Amincor
  Inc.  filed its Form 10  registration  statement  and  became a public
reporting company on October 4
 2010.
OVERVIEW
Amincor
 Inc. is a holding company operating through its operating  subsidiaries
Baker's  Pride
  Inc.
  Environmental  Holding Corp.  and Tyree  Holdings  Corp.
Additionally
  Amincor Contract  Administrators
  Inc. and Amincor Other Assets
Inc. are subsidiaries with minimal operations.  As of June 30
 2011
  management
elected to discontinue the operations of Masonry Supply Holding Corp. and Tulare
Frozen Foods
 LLC. As of September 30
 2011
  management  elected to discontinue
the operations of Epic Sports International
 Inc.
Amincor's officers and directors are responsible for the strategic  direction of
the operating  subsidiaries.  The Company  accomplishes  this through  strategic
planning
  raising  capital  for  business  expansion  via  internal  growth  or
acquisition based growth and exploring unique opportunities for each subsidiary.
The  executive  management  team  of each  subsidiary  company  has  substantial
experience in their respective fields and have  responsibility for the operation
of their business unit subject to overall direction of Registrant's management.
Amincor's  officers and  directors are actively  engaged with the  management of
each  subsidiary.  Amincor is able to assist the subsidiaries in executing their
business plans and in making necessary financial and other resources  available.
This is accomplished through frequent site visits
 weekly and monthly conference
calls and various reporting  requirements such as budget to actual  comparisons
cash flow  monitoring
  accounts  payable and  accounts  receivable  management
credit and collections
  and periodic reporting by the subsidiary  management to
Amincor.
PERSONNEL
Amincor is provided  personnel  from Capstone Trade  Partners
  Ltd.
 and office
supplies
  office equipment
  office space and other materials  required for the
performance  of its business  from  Capstone  Capital  Group I
 LLC.  Currently
                                       4

Capstone has 14 full-time employees and no part-time employees including Messrs.
John R. Rice III and Joseph F. Ingrassia who dedicate approximately 70% of their
time to Amincor business.
                      AMINCOR
 INC.'S SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
                      AMINCOR CONTRACT ADMINISTRATORS
 INC.
Amincor Contract Administrators
  Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
  incorporated on
August 25
 2010
 is a wholly owned subsidiary of Registrant formed to administer
various contracts
  related to certain assets held by Amincor Other Assets
 Inc.
and  the   subsidiary   companies
   including
   but  not  limited  to  certain
international service contracts for Tyree Holdings Corp.
                           AMINCOR OTHER ASSETS
 INC.
Amincor Other Assets
  Inc.
 a Delaware  corporation
  incorporated  on April 5
2010
 is a wholly owned  subsidiary  of Registrant  formed to hold the rights to
certain physical assets
  including  plant
  property and equipment
  which were
foreclosed on or assigned to Amincor
 Inc.
Amincor Other Assets
  Inc.  holds the title to the 360
000 square foot facility
where Allentown Metal Works
  Inc. formerly  operated.  The site has fallen into
disrepair as a result of vandalism by local  thieves.  The buildings on site are
functionally  obsolete and are not suitable as a modern manufacturing  facility.
Any  purchaser  would have to raze the buildings on the 19 acre site and reclaim
the  concrete
  brick
  wood and steel  infrastructure.  Estimates  have  ranged
between  $750
000 and  $1
000
000 to perform this work.  The property
  prior to
March 12
 2012
  had been listed for sale for $3
000
000 and after six months of
being on the market the price was reduced to $2
250
000. The only offer received
during this  period was for  $200
000.  The offer was  declined  and  management
enlisted the services of an auction  company to inspect the site in anticipation
of holding an absolute  auction.  After conducting a site visit with the auction
company the auction company  declined to hold an absolute auction because of the
conditions of the buildings  and the  vandalism  that has occurred.  The site is
across  the  street  from a police  sub-station  and due to its size there is no
adequate way to secure the  property.  All of the  buildings on the complex were
locked
  bolted and boarded up. There was evidence that the exterior  siding had
been removed after which unknown  persons  entered the buildings
  broke windows
and locks and left the buildings  open.  Management  has expressed  concern that
someone may inadvertently fall into one of the many machine pits that exist as a
result of the removal of the heavy machine and milling  equipment  that had been
sold
 and injure themselves  creating a liability issue for the owner.  Based on
these events and the advice of the auction  company
  Management  has listed the
property  for  sale for  $500
000.  The  property  is  under  contract  with the
Allentown Economic  Development  Corporation for $500
000 less outstanding taxes
due and owing on the  property.  The sale is  anticipated  to close on April 30
2013.
                               BAKER'S PRIDE
 INC.
OVERVIEW
Baker's Pride
  Inc.
 a Delaware  corporation
  was  incorporated  on August 28
2008.
Baker's Pride
 Inc. (BPI) consists of three operating entities;  The Jefferson
Street Bakery
 Inc. (Jefferson Street Bakery)
 The Mt. Pleasant Street Bakery
Inc. (Mt.  Pleasant Street Bakery) and The South Street Bakery
  Inc.  (South
Street Bakery).
                                       5

Jefferson   Street   Bakery   produces   several   varieties  of  sliced  bread.
Historically
  its entire annual  production  of 19 million  loaves of bread and
over 1.1 million  packages of donuts were sold to one client
  Aldi
  Inc.
  for
five  distribution  centers  that  services  332 stores in the  Midwestern  U.S.
Jefferson Street Bakery
  through various predecessor entities
 had continuously
supplied Aldi
 Inc. for  approximately 34 years. On October 31
 2012
 Aldi
 Inc.
terminated  BPI as a  supplier  to Aldi
  Inc.  due to BPI's  inability  to meet
certain pricing
  cost and product  offering needs.  Jefferson Street Bakery has
bid on new opportunities with Aldi
 Inc. If these new opportunities materialize
it is anticipated revenues from Aldi
 Inc. would resume in the fourth quarter of
2013.
Mt.  Pleasant Street Bakery is under contract with two co-packers as of the time
of writing
  but is in negotiations  with many more who are involved in the sale
of both finished and unfinished  yeast and cake doughnuts which are manufactured
and flash-frozen bakery goods to be distributed to supermarket in-store bakery
departments  and food service  channels.  As of December 31
 2012
 Mt.  Pleasant
Street  Bakery  facility  increased  its  frozen  storage  capacity  along  with
extensive room for several additional  product lines. In addition
  Mt. Pleasant
Street  Bakery  has  completed  the  installation  of a state  of the art  donut
production  system that can produce  and freeze many  varieties  of donuts at an
average  production  rate of 26
700 donuts per hour. This facility also houses a
cookie  production  system which will produce cookies at a rate of 2
300 lbs. or
3
000 one dozen packages of cookies per hour in a variety of sizes
  flavors and
shapes.  The  production  of brownie and cake type bakery  snack  products  will
complete the first phase of the restart of Mt. Pleasant Street Bakery.
The remaining  available  space
  which management has deemed the final phase of
the build-out of Mt. Pleasant Street Bakery's  260
000 square foot facility
  is
currently being studied for development  which may include the installation of a
high-speed bun and bread production  system. The bun system is being designed to
produce an average of 6
000  packages of buns per hour and the bread system will
produce  an  average  of 6
260  loaves  of bread  per  hour  (throughput).  This
throughput  will  enable BPI to  respond to its  current  client's  request  for
additional  products and volume.  In addition
  it will also provide  additional
capacity to attract  new  clients and  diversify  its  customer  base.  BPI will
require additional funding in order to complete this project.
In January 2012
  BPI received a $2.75  million  dollar bridge loan from Central
State Bank of State Center
  Iowa.  This capital was used to acquire  additional
equipment and to complete the  installation  and startup of its  production  and
refrigeration  machinery for the new donut
 cookie
  brownie and cake production
systems at Mt. Pleasant  Street Bakery.  Central State Bank of Iowa has verbally
agreed to extend the term of the loan through January 2014.
Major  transitions  are taking  place in the baking  industry.  There is growing
utilization of frozen outsourced products rather than production from scratch at
each site in the  in-store  bakery and food  service  channels.  However
  one
primary factor remains constant in all markets and in all categories:  consumers
are demanding value.  BPI sees these major  transitions as opportunities to grow
its business  and  diversify  its product  portfolio  and customer  base through
direct sales and co-packing agreements.
On August 12
 2011
 the South Street Bakery began leasing  certain  property and
equipment  located in Clear Lake
  Iowa. In August 2012
  based on  management's
assessment of lack of  profitability  at the South Street Bakery
  the lease was
not renewed and operations  ceased at the South Street Bakery.  Operations  have
been relocated to Mt.  Pleasant  Street where existing  employees and management
can operate the cookie and  doughnut  lines  concurrently  depending on customer
demand.
                                       6

CUSTOMERS
Historically
  BPI had significant  concentration  in one customer
  Aldi
 Inc.
which  operates  over 332 grocery  stores in the  Midwestern  U.S.
 of which BPI
services  approximately  200. BPI has  expanded  its  customer  base through the
introduction of additional  product  categories and SKU's.  Aldi was responsible
for approximately 89.5%
 92.1%
 and 100.0% of BPI's revenues for the years ended
December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 respectively.
On October 31
 2012
 Aldi
 Inc.
 BPI's most significant customer
 terminated BPI
as a supplier to Aldi
 Inc. due to BPI's inability to meet certain pricing
 cost
and product offering needs.
BPI's  management  and  sales  team  has been  successful  in  establishing  new
customers to replace the Aldi
 Inc. bread business
  however
 the combination of
new  established  customers is still less than the historic size of Aldi
  Inc's
business.  Additionally
  management has diversified BPI's customer base and has
executed  contracts  in  fulfillment  of this goal with both bread and  doughnut
co-pack customers.
BPI's management and sales team continue to seek new private label wholesale and
co-pack  customers for the donut and bread  facilities and  anticipates  several
large donut and bread  customers  to be under  contract by the end of the second
and third  quarters  of 2013.  On March  22
  2013
  BPI  executed  a  Co-Packer
Agreement  with one of the  world's  largest  family-owned  food  companies  and
leading  supplier to the  foodservice
  in store bakery
  retail and  industrial
marketplaces.  BPI will prepare
 manufacture
  process and package certain donut
products  and  BPI  management  anticipates  annual  sales  to be a  minimum  of
$1
600
000
  with additional  donut products and additional sales possible if so
requested.
MARKETING
BPI's goal in all markets it serves is to help its customers to be successful by
providing  marketing  and  merchandizing  assistance  gained  over many years of
experience  in the private  label bakery  business.  The focus of its  marketing
activities will be on its private label wholesale and co-pack  customers  rather
than  consumers  because in most  instances the products it produces are sold as
private  label  brands or at retail under BPI's Flint Hills and Clear Lake Farms
brands.
Fresh bakery  customers:  Due to the freshness  cycle
  BPI markets  directly to
fresh bakery customers because of the limited geographic area it serves.
Frozen bakery  customers:  BPI has expanded its product offering of frozen baked
goods as a result of the investment at the Mt. Pleasant Street facility.  BPI is
now shipping both frozen bread and doughnut  products  which have  significantly
increased  its  geographic  reach.  BPI will continue to use its network of food
brokers to assist in marketing this segment.
COMPETITION
The fresh  packaged  bread
  bun and donut  market  is very  competitive  and is
dominated by large  bakeries  whose  primary  focus is branded  bread
  buns and
donuts.  Of these
  Grupo Bimbo SA de C.V. with its recent purchase of the North
American Sara Lee Fresh Bakery  business and its previous  acquisition of Weston
Bakeries USA
 will have the most impact on this trading area.  BPI also competes
with  Hostess  Brands  (which  has  recently  filed for  Chapter  11  Bankruptcy
                                       7

protection)
  Campbell  Soup  Company  (Pepperidge  Farms)  and  Lewis  Brothers
Bakeries
  Inc.
 an independent  regional bakery. BPI believes the efficiency it
offers as a dedicated  baker of private  label/ store  branded  bakery  products
gives it a competitive  advantage while  delivering  value to the consumer.  The
liquidation  of the Hostess  bakery  operation  by the US  Bankruptcy  Court has
created potential opportunities for BPI with regard to co-packing both bread and
doughnut  products as a result of having excess capacity  available at its state
of the art facilities.
BPI's frozen products such as donuts
  cookies and brownies will be designed for
supermarket  in-store  bakery  departments  and food service  channels.  These
frozen  products  will  face  competition  from  companies  such as Dawn  Foods
Maplehurst  Inc.
  Bake `n Joy
  Inc. and CSM
 a  multinational  company with an
increasing  presence in the U.S. due to its acquisition of Best Brands
 Inc. and
Bake Mark
  H.C. Brill.  There are also several one category  bakeries in larger
cities in the Midwest with which BPI competes.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
BPI received  approval from the USPTO for the trademark  BROWNIE CAKES
 as filed
with the USPTO  under  registration  number  3995128  which  will be used in the
development  of its brownie
  business.  BPI has been  utilizing the brand names
Clear Lake Farms and Flint  Hills for its  proprietary  cookie
  donut and bread
products.
INGREDIENTS AND RAW MATERIALS
BPI's  primary  ingredients  are various  flours
  sugars and other  sweeteners;
soybean or other vegetable oil products;  salt
 yeast and other leavening agents
as well as commercial bakery pre-mixes.  When it begins production of the donut
cookie and brownie categories it will add eggs
 chocolate
  butter
  raisins and
nutmeats to its primary ingredient list. BPI also uses a large amount of plastic
and other  packaging  materials  to wrap its  products to ensure  freshness  and
wholesomeness.  BPI's  facilities  use natural gas for ovens and donut fryers as
well as electricity to power other equipment.  Some  fluctuations in the cost of
these items are normal  because  most are  dependent on growing  conditions  and
demand by consumers.  In most cases these normal  fluctuations can be managed by
forward buying or fixed supply contracts.
REGULATION
BPI is a producer of bakery  goods
  therefore
  its  facilities  are subject to
federal  agencies  such as the  Food  and  Drug  Administration
  Department  of
Agriculture
   Federal  Trade   Commission
   Department  of  Commerce  and  the
Environmental  Protection  Agency with respect to processes used for production
quality of products
 packaging
 and labeling as well as storage and distribution
of products.  Under various  regulations and statues
  these agencies  prescribe
required and  established  standards  for quality
  wholesomeness  and labeling.
Failure to comply  with  these  agencies  requirements  may result in letters of
warning
 fines
 or product recall.
BPI's  operations
  like others in the baking  industry
  are subject to various
federal
  state and local laws in regard to environmental  matters. BPI believes
that  compliance  with  existing  environmental  laws  and  regulation  will not
materially  affect its financial  conditions  or its  competitive  position.  At
present  BPI  believes  it is  substantially  in  compliance  with all  material
environmental regulations.
                                       8

BPI's  products
  operations  and  facilities  are  subject  to state  and local
regulations which are monitored through  licensing
  enforcement by state health
and agriculture  agencies of various local and state standards and  inspections.
The cost of compliance with such laws and regulations has not adversely affected
on the BPI's business
PERSONNEL
BPI  currently  has 44  full-time  employees  and  believes  that  its  employee
relations are good.  Once the bread and donut product lines are at full capacity
the number of employees is expected to grow significantly. BPI's Chief Executive
Officer is Robert  Brookhart
  who formerly  served as the President of BPI. Mr.
Ron Danko
 formerly Chief Executive Officer of BPI
 tendered his resignation due
to attend to medical issues in 2012 and subsequently passed away.
                           ENVIRONMENTAL HOLDING CORP.
Environmental Quality Services
 Inc.
OVERVIEW
On January 3
 2011
  pursuant to a certain assignment and assumption  agreement
Amincor  assumed all of the right
  title and  interest  in and to certain  loan
agreements and collateral of Environmental Testing Laboratories
 Inc.
 a company
in the  business of  providing  environmental  testing and  laboratory  services
(Borrower).
Environmental  Holding  Corp.
  a  Delaware  corporation
  was  incorporated  on
December 23
 2010
  and is a wholly owned  subsidiary of Amincor.  Environmental
Quality  Services
  Inc.  (EQS)
  a Delaware  corporation was  incorporated on
January 5
 2011
 and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Environmental Holding Corp.
EQS provides environmental testing services in the northeast United States. EQS'
services include RCRA (resource  conservation  recovery act) and hazardous waste
characterization;  TCLP  (toxic  characteristic  leaching  procedure)  analyses;
underground   storage  tank   analytical   assessment;   landfill/ground   water
monitoring;  NPDES (national  pollution  discharge  elimination system) effluent
characteristics  analysis;  PCB  (polychlorinated  biphenyls)  and PCB  congener
analysis; lead paint testing; fingerprint categorization
 petroleum analyses.
The client  base of EQS ranges  from the small  engineering  firms to  well-know
petroleum companies. EQS customers require rapid response
  accurate results and
the ability to provide our  services on a 24/7 basis.  EQS has had  longstanding
relationships  with major utilities
  large petroleum  companies and engineering
firms.
EQS  also  has  the  capability  to  provide  its  clients  with  specific  data
deliverables in any required format.  Its in-house computer  programmer  creates
the formats  necessary  for  individual  client  needs.  This service  saves its
clients hours of data entry or re-formatting time.
In January 2013
 Amincor's management conducted an analysis of operations at EQS
for the prior two years and has  decided  that it was more  prudent  to sell the
existing  company  rather  than to  continue  to operate  it. As a result of the
financial  crisis and the reduction in construction
  the lab services  business
has become commoditized with business going to the lowest bidder. Management did
not believe that EQS would be  contributing  in a positive way to net income and
                                       9

elected to sell the company.  One of the managers of EQS elected to purchase EQS
in exchange for the  assumption  of the accounts  payable and a $500
000 note to
Amincor Other Assets
 Inc. which is collateralized with a secured lien on all of
the lab equipment of EQS. As of the date of this filing
 the Company has entered
into a letter of intent for the sale of EQS
 but no formal sale  documents  have
been executed.
CUSTOMERS
EQS customers include petroleum companies
 contractors
 environmental consulting
firms
 utilities and municipalities.
COMPETITION
There are thousands of  facilities in the United States who classify  themselves
as environmental testing laboratories. The scope of services provided range from
sample collection
  analysis and report compilation to simple analysis. A number
of the companies in this business have multiple  locations
  all operating under
the same company name.  Several of those operate as national labs wherein they
serve the US from one or two facilities  and use overnight  shipments to provide
the receipt and delivery of laboratory tests.  These  laboratories are typically
the low cost providers
 but lack in the proximity
 response and quality that EQS
provides to its customers  through the  Northeast.  The unique  service that EQS
provides is proven by the fact that most  clients  have been  clients  since its
founding.
Since EQS is a single  laboratory
  working  with  clients in the  Northeast  as
opposed to national accounts
 our main competitors serve the same target market;
local regulatory authorities
 consultants
 engineers
 and municipalities.
These local competitors include such companies as:
American Analytical Laboratories
Long Island Analytical Laboratories
H2M Laboratories
Analytical Chemists Laboratories
 Inc
EcoTest Laboratories
There are several  factors  clients  consider  when  evaluating  a vendor in the
environmental   analytical  field.  These  factors  typically  include:   labor
equipment
  technical support
  pricing and the specific services available.  In
this market
  it is cost effective to have labor shifts to satisfy  clients that
run emergency schedules
  and have a need for services 24/7. Finding and keeping
the right  personnel is also a challenge in a market that typically does not pay
the highest salaries. In an effort to fight turnover
  recruiting at the college
level has proven to be beneficial - hiring competent technicians early
 training
them
 and offering benefits such as reimbursement for schooling
  flexible hours
in an effort to ensure continuity of the employee base.
Pricing is fairly  competitive.  The  marketable  difference can be found in the
levels  of  product  deliverables  -  meaning  Quality  Control  packages  - and
turnaround time - the time lapsed between sample submittal and delivered results
to a client.  EQS'  quick  turnaround  time is a key  selling  point  with their
clients.  Not many labs have the capability to turn out results in 24 or even 48
hours.  Management  of a project from the initial  planning  stages  through the
final  reporting
  and  updating  the  client as the  project  progresses  is an
                                       10

invaluable  service
  as  critical  decisions  are made based on the  analytical
results. In determining the client's needs and adapting and modifying techniques
and technology to meet and exceed the client's expectations
  a satisfied client
is EQS best testimonial.
PERSONNEL
EQS currently has 13 full time employees and believes that its employee
relations are good. Ms. Patricia Werner-Els serves as the President of EQS.
Advanced Waste & Water Technology
 Inc.
OVERVIEW
Advanced Waste & Water Technology
  Inc. (AWWT)
 a Delaware  corporation
  was
incorporated on November 17
 2011. AWWT was inactive through April 30
 2012
 and
had no significant  assets or  liabilities as of April 30
 2012.  AWWT became an
Amincor  company  as of  May  1
  2012  and  is a  wholly  owned  subsidiary  of
Environmental  Holding Corp. AWWT provides certain water remediation services in
the northeast United States.
On November 5
 2012 AWWT acquired the assets of  Environmental  Water Treatment
LLC through an  assumption  of certain  liabilities  and  assets
  a note to the
seller in the amount of $50
000 and the  requirement  to post a letter of credit
to the New York State  Department of Environmental  Conservation  (NYS DEC) by
June 30
 2013. AWWT has paid $25
000 against the note since its acquisition date
and believes it will meet its obligations  under the sellers' note when it comes
due.
AWWT is the only  licensed  water  treatment  facility  on Long  Island  that is
capable of treating and discharging  petroleum  impacted water into the sanitary
sewer system.  Since the acquisition  management has expanded the NYS DEC permit
and is able to accept other waste water  streams other than  petroleum  impacted
water.  AWWT's  President
  Patricia  Werner-Els
  was  selected as an EPA Panel
member for water treatment technology and our technology has been highlighted in
North Eastern Driller Magazine.
CUSTOMERS
AWWT's  current  customers  include major oil  companies
  petroleum  marketers
jobbers
  municipal entities
 school districts
  industrial facilities and other
businesses  which  regularly have water  accumulation  within their  underground
storage tanks.
COMPETITION
There are many firms  operating  within  the waste  water  remediation  services
industry.  They can be broken out into the following categories:  (1) Design and
build  firms
  which  consists  of  consulting
   engineering  and  construction
companies  who build  waste  water  treatment  facilities  to cater to  specific
remediation needs
 (2) Utilities and other treatment  operators
  which consists
of  businesses  that  produce  waste  water  and seek to have an off or  on-site
remediation strategy for their waste water add (3) Wastewater equipment vendors
which consists of businesses selling pre-made  wastewater  treatment  solutions.
AWWT  seeks to  compete  in all of these  areas by  continuing  to  operate  its
wastewater  treatment plant in  Farmingdale
  NY and by utilizing its license to
                                       11

treat  wastewater  treatment  streams at their  source  with  electrocoagulation
(EC) technology.
AWWT has a geographic  advantage  as carriers of impacted  water that operate on
Long Island are not  required  to pay tolls or drive  substantial  distances  to
discharge their water at AWWT's facility. Management recently signed an expanded
licensing  agreement  with H2O Tech
  Inc.  to use their EC  technology.  The EC
technology  provides for a non-chemical
  green water  treatment  technology for
agricultural
  municipal
  industrial  and frack  water.  The  Company  has been
marketing its service  throughout the Marcellus and Utica shales and to selected
water users in agricultural
 municipal and industrial applications.
Since AWWT is currently a single  wastewater  treatment  facility
  working with
clients in the Northeast as opposed to national  accounts
  our main competitors
serve  the  same  target  market;  local  regulatory  authorities
  consultants
engineers
 and municipalities.
These local competitors include such companies as:
Advanced Waste Services
Aquatech
Clear Flo Technologies
Paradise Energy
 Inc.
Lorco Petroleum Service
AWWT operates in a highly regulated  industry.  This type of regulation directly
affects  the type of  customers  and  wastewater  AWWT can deal  with.  The U.S.
government has shown an increased willingness to enact and enforce environmental
regulations and has set ambitious  targets in areas such as renewable energy and
provisions  of clean water.  Because of this
  AWWT is able to capitalize on new
opportunities as legislation adapts to the changing environment.
In addition to municipal
  industrial and agricultural  markets
 AWWT intends to
become a full service environmental  treatment provider for large scale fracking
projects providing residual waste processing services
 on-site mobile wastewater
treatment units and turn key solutions for wastewater disposal or reuse. AWWT is
currently  working to solidify a  relationship  and is  exploring  a  wastewater
treatment  opportunity  with a major driller in the Marcellus  Shale.  AWWT will
utilize key resources within the Joint Land Owners Coalition of New York as well
as other  environmentalist  organizations to strategically position the Company.
Management  believes that water  recycling is a standard that will be adopted by
most industrial  countries throughout the world in order to maintain fresh water
supplies for their  populations.  EC technology can facilitate the attainment of
this standard.
PERSONNEL
AWWT currently has 3 full time employees and believes that its employee
relations are good. Ms. Patricia Werner-Els serves as the President of AWWT.
                              TYREE HOLDINGS CORP.
OVERVIEW
Tyree Holdings  Corp.
 a Delaware  corporation
  was  incorporated on January 7
2008.
                                       12

On January 17
 2008
  Tyree Holdings Corp.  (Tyree)  acquired certain business
assets and assumed certain liabilities of Tyree's predecessor  companies
  which
have  continuously  operated  since 1930.  Tyree is currently one of the largest
multi-faceted  retail  petroleum  and  environmental  services  providers of the
Northeast and  Mid-Atlantic  regions of the United States.  Tyree Holdings Corp.
services  over 3
000 gas stations from Maine to Maryland.  Headquartered  in Mt.
Laurel
  New Jersey
  Tyree has additional  locations in New York
  Connecticut
Pennsylvania and Massachusetts.
The U.S.  petroleum  refining and  marketing  industry is  experiencing  radical
changes
  with most major  petroleum  companies  divesting  their  marketing and
retail distribution divisions. This strategy is leading to the creation of many
smaller
  independent  companies  which  own
  in many  cases
  hundreds  of gas
stations  that  need  to  have  regulatory
  maintenance
   rehabilitation
  and
environmental  remediation work performed.  This shift is opening a niche market
for  companies  able to  provide  these  independent  companies  with  strategic
guidance
  compliance
  installation
  maintenance and  environmental  services.
Tyree is  positioned  to  provide a variety  of these  services  which  includes
building  new  gas  stations
   maintaining  existing  gas  stations
  providing
environmental   monitoring  and  remediation   services
   professional  support
services
 and decommissioning gas station and bulk storage facilities for change
in use.
Tyree is organized  into three primary  business  units  including  Maintenance
Environmental/   Compliance/  Engineering  and  Construction.   The  Maintenance
business  unit  accounts  for  approximately  38%  of  sales  and  performs  the
associated  maintenance  tasks  needed to keep a  gasoline  service  station  in
operation. The Maintenance business unit performs about 50
000 service calls per
year; the Environmental
  Compliance and Engineering  business unit accounts for
36% of sales and performs the remediation  services needed to clean ground water
and soil at sites where  petroleum  releases have occurred.  The  Environmental
Compliance  and  Engineering  business  unit  has  about  350  locations  in its
portfolio;  the Construction business unit accounts for 25% of sales and manages
10 - 12 construction crews throughout the year. Its primary focus is the removal
and installation of petroleum storage and delivery systems;  the remaining 1% of
sales is related to Manufacturing  and  International  sales consisting of parts
distribution and professional services.
To better secure its position in the northeast
 Tyree is aggressively attempting
to expand its  current  customer  base and  increase  market  share.  A two-fold
approach is being rolled out involving improved organic growth and acquisitions.
In 2012
 Tyree employee training coupled with capital  investment in technology
is being employed to target improved customer  service.  Tyree will also seek to
merge with or acquire one or two companies that would strategically  improve its
service capability and yield top and bottom line improvements.
CUSTOMERS
Tyree's customers fall into four main categories:
     1.   Traditional Oil Companies
  including Getty  Marketing
  Getty Realty
          Gulf/Cumberland  Farms
 Hess
 Exxon
  Shell
 BP and Sunoco.  Contracts
          are typically  multi-year and services are being provided by all Tyree
          business units. This class of customer represents approximately 60% of
          the  company's  total  sales.  Tyree  has  established  strong  client
          relationships.  The largest contracts are with Getty Marketing
  which
          accounts for  approximately  39% of sales and  Gulf/Cumberland  Farms
          which accounts for approximately 18% of sales.
                                       13

     2.   Oil Company Jobber/Distributors
  including Arfa
 Atlantic Management
          Capitol Petroleum
  Leon Petroleum
  Green Valley and Wholesale Fuels.
          Contracts are typically  multi-year and services are being provided by
          all Tyree business units. This class is growing as the Traditional Oil
          Companies divest sites and represents approximately 15% of sales.
     3.   Prime Contractors
  including GES
 Kleinfelder
 LIRO
 Skanska
 Whiting
          Turner
  and Tanknology.  Contracts are typically job specific and the
          result of being awarded a competitively  bid project.  Projects may be
          large  and  carryover  from  year to  year.  This  class  of  customer
          represents approximately 15% of sales.
     4.   One off contracts
  including  various local and state  governmental
          agencies
 private and public sector companies and agencies.  Contracts
          are  typically  job  specific  and  the  result  of  being  awarded  a
          competitively   bid  project.   This  class  of  customer   represents
          approximately 10% of sales.
COMPETITION
Tyree's  competition  varies  significantly  by business unit and can be divided
into two segments:  (i)  Environmental  and Compliance  services and (ii) Pump &
Tank  construction and maintenance  services.  The  Environmental and Compliance
services segment includes  professional  services companies that tend to compete
throughout  the  marketplace.  There are only a small number of  competitors  in
Tyree's  market area and includes  companies such as Delta  Environmental
  GES
SAIC and Tanknology.  The Pump & Tank service  providers tend to be comprised of
smaller
 privately owned companies that are very competitive in their respective
geographies.  However
  they tend not to stray from their immediate market area.
Many of these companies have been weakened by the recent economic slowdown.  The
larger  companies in Tyree's  market area include Jones and Frank
  LLC
  Island
Pump & Tank
 Fenley & Nicol Environmental
  and Gem Star Construction in the New
York City/ Long Island  area
  Salamone  Bros.
  Inc in New Jersey
  and Gateway
Petroleum in the Philadelphia area.
PERSONNEL
Tyree currently has 139 full-time  employees and 4 part time employees
  some of
whom are represented by six different collective  bargaining  agreements.  Labor
contracts  expired on December  31
 2012 for five of the six  bargaining  units.
Tyree management has negotiated settlements with Local Union 99
 Local Union 138
and Local Union 355. Tyree management continues to negotiate with Local Union 1
Local Union 25 and Local Union 200 over unpaid  benefits  that are due and owing
to each of the  respective  unions.  Tyree  management  does  not  dispute  that
benefits  are due and owing to Local Union 200 and Local Union 1
  respectively.
The  Local  200 and 1 Unions  have  filed  suit in  district  court and with the
National Labor Relations Board to enforce their rights as to the unpaid benefit.
Tyree  management  is  seeking  to settle the cases by  agreeing  to  multi-year
payment  plans.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing
  management  believes that its
employee relations are good.
Tyree's  executive  officers  Steven F. Tyree
  who serves as the  President and
Chief  Operating  Officer
  William M. Tyree
  who serves as  Vice-President  of
Business Development and Robert L. Olson
 who serves as Chief Financial Officer.
                                       14

DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
On June 30
 2011
  management  elected to discontinue  the operations of Masonry
Supply  Holding  Corp.  and Tulare  Frozen  Foods
  LLC. On September  30
 2011
management  elected to discontinue the operations of Epic Sports  International
Inc. (See Item 7 below).
In accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles of the United States
of America  (GAAP)
  the combined  results of Masonry  Supply  Holding  Corp.
Tulare Frozen Foods
 LLC and Epic Sports International
 Inc. have been presented
on our financial statements as discontinued operations. As of December 31
 2012
the assets of Tulare and Epic have been liquidated.  The only remaining asset of
Masonry is approximately $424
000 in escrow as related to the foreclosure of the
property.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY/BRANDS
Amincor has submitted  applications for the following trademarks with the United
States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO):
         Trademark                                     Registration Number
         ---------                                     -------------------
MOMMY'S LITTLE SECRET TREATS                                 85330721
GLU SENZA COOKIES                                            85403657
SENZA GLUTEN FREE COOKIES                                    85403644
CLEAR LAKE FARMS                                             85330997
BLACK BOTTOM COOKIES                                         85403632
MESSAGE COOKIES                                              85331009
Certain  brands were owned by  Amincor
  Inc. as a result of defaults by Whaling
Distributors
  Inc. and Caffeine Culture
 Inc. Amincor
 Inc. through a series of
assignments
  acquired the right
 title and interest in the following trademarks
as recorded with the USPTO:
         Trademark                                  Registration/Serial Number
         ---------                                  --------------------------
CHARM AND LUCK                                     Registration Number: 3205784
CHARM AND LUCK WORKING HARD TO MAKE YOU CUTER      Registration Number: 78848003
CATCH THE DRIFT                                    Serial Number: 77713436
NEWPORT HARBOR REFLECTING QUALITY SINCE 1969       Registration Number: 3764824
NEWPORT H A R B O R                                Registration Number: 2285443
NEWPORT HARBOR                                     Serial Number: 75272295
NEWPORT HARBOR                                     Registration Number: 1319471
S-Stimuli                                          Registration Number: 2482282
In January 2012
 Amincor assigned all of its worldwide right
 title and interest
in and to the Caffeine trademark
 serial numbers 77 709 244 and 77 979 922
 to
a certain individual
 as settlement in full for certain previous obligations.
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
                  RISK FACTORS RELATING TO AMINCOR'S SECURITIES
OUR STATUS AS A PUBLIC REPORTING COMPANY MAY BE A COMPETITIVE  DISADVANTAGE.
                                       15

We are  and  will  continue  to be  subject  to  the  disclosure  and  reporting
requirements  of  applicable  U.S.   securities  laws.  Many  of  our  principal
competitors are not subject to these disclosure and reporting requirements. As a
result
  we may be required to disclose certain  information and expend funds on
disclosure  and  financial  and other  controls that may put us at a competitive
disadvantage to our principal competitors.
SHAREHOLDERS  WILL HAVE LITTLE INPUT  REGARDING OUR MANAGEMENT  DECISIONS DUE TO
THE LARGE OWNERSHIP  POSITION HELD BY OUR EXISTING  MANAGEMENT AND THUS IT WOULD
BE DIFFICULT FOR  SHAREHOLDERS  TO MAKE CHANGES IN OUR OPERATIONS OR MANAGEMENT.
THEREFORE
  SHAREHOLDERS WILL BE SUBJECT TO DECISIONS MADE BY MANAGEMENT WHO ARE
THE MAJORITY SHAREHOLDERS
 INCLUDING THE ELECTION OF DIRECTORS.
Our  officers  and  directors  directly  own  6
610
934  shares  of the total of
7
663
023  issued and outstanding  Class A voting shares of our common stock (or
approximately  86% of our  outstanding  voting  stock) and are in a position  to
continue to control us. Such  control  enables our  officers  and  directors  to
control all important  decisions relating to the direction and operations of the
Company without the input of our investors. Moreover
 investors will not be able
to effect a change in our Board of Directors
 business or management.
OUR CLASS A COMMON  AND  CLASS B COMMON  SHARES  ARE NOW  QUOTED ON THE OVER THE
COUNTER BULLETIN BOARD UNDER THE SYMBOLS AMNC AND AMNCB
 RESPECTIVELY.
While the shares are now quoted on the Over the Counter  Bulletin  Board
  until
there is an established trading market
  holders of our common stock may find it
difficult to sell their stock or to obtain accurate  quotations for the price of
the common stock. Even if a market for our common stock does develop
  our stock
price may be volatile
 and such market may not be sustained.
BROKER-DEALERS  MAY BE  DISCOURAGED  FROM EFFECTING  TRANSACTIONS  IN OUR SHARES
BECAUSE  THEY MAY BE  CONSIDERED  PENNY  STOCKS  AND MAY BE SUBJECT TO THE PENNY
STOCK RULES.
Rules 15g-1 through 15g-9 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
as  amended  (the  Exchange   Act)
   impose  sales  practice  and  disclosure
requirements on broker-dealers who make a market in penny stocks. Penny stocks
generally  are equity  securities  with a price of less than $5.00  (other  than
securities   registered  on  some  national   securities   exchanges).   On  the
Over-the-Counter  Bulletin  Board
  our stock may be considered a penny stock.
Purchases and sales of our shares are generally  facilitated  by  broker-dealers
who act as market makers for our shares.
Under the penny stock regulations
 a broker-dealer selling penny stock to anyone
other than an established  customer or accredited  investor (as defined by the
Securities   Act  of  1933
  as  amended)   must  make  a  special   suitability
determination for the purchaser and must receive the purchaser's written consent
to the transaction prior to sale
 unless the broker-dealer or the transaction is
otherwise exempt.
In addition
  the penny stock regulations  require the broker-dealer to deliver
prior to any transaction involving a penny stock
 a disclosure schedule prepared
by the SEC relating to the penny stock market
  unless the  broker-dealer or the
transaction is otherwise  exempt.  A broker-dealer  is also required to disclose
commissions  payable to the broker-dealer and the registered  representative and
current  quotations for the securities.  Finally
 a broker-dealer is required to
                                       16

send monthly statements  disclosing recent price information with respect to the
penny stock held in a  customer's  account and  information  with respect to the
limited  market in penny stocks.  The  additional  sales practice and disclosure
requirements imposed upon broker-dealers selling penny stock may discourage such
broker-dealers from effecting  transactions in our shares
  which could severely
limit the  market  liquidity  of the shares and impede the sale of our shares in
the secondary market.
INVESTORS THAT NEED TO RELY ON DIVIDEND INCOME OR LIQUIDITY  SHOULD NOT PURCHASE
SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK.
We do  not  anticipate  paying  any  dividends  on  our  common  stock  for  the
foreseeable  future.  Investors that need to rely on dividend  income should not
invest in our common  stock
  as any income would only come from any rise in the
market  price  of our  common  stock
  which  is  uncertain  and  unpredictable.
Investors  that require  liquidity  should also not invest in our common  stock.
There is no established  trading market
 and should one develop
  it will likely
be volatile and such market may not be sustained.
HOLDERS OF OUR COMMON  STOCK MAY INCUR  IMMEDIATE  DILUTION  AND MAY  EXPERIENCE
FURTHER  DILUTION  BECAUSE OF OUR ABILITY TO ISSUE  ADDITIONAL  SHARES OF COMMON
STOCK AND AS A RESULT OF THE POSSIBLE EXERCISE OF HOLDERS OF OUR PREFERRED STOCK
TO CONVERT TO COMMON STOCK AFTER JANUARY 1
 2011.
We are  authorized  to issue up to  22
000
000  shares of Class A voting  common
stock and  40
000
000  shares or Class B non-voting  common stock and  3
000
000
shares of Preferred Stock. At present
 there are 7
663
023 Class A common shares
and  21
286
344  Class B common shares and 1
752
823  shares of Preferred  Stock
issued and outstanding.  Our Board of Directors has the authority to cause us to
issue  additional  shares of Class A common stock  without the consent of any of
our stockholders. Consequently
 our stockholders may experience more dilution in
their percentage of ownership in the future.
Moreover
  the  conversion of our Preferred  shares after January 1
 2011 on the
basis of ten Class B Common  Shares for each  Preferred  Share  would  result in
dilution to our  current  holders of common  stock and once our common  stock is
trading  could cause a  significant  decline in the market  price for our common
stock.
As of the date of this  filing
  there were 55 Class A  stockholders  of record
owning all of the 7
663
023 issued and outstanding  shares of our Class A common
stock;  there were 88  institutional  shareholders  of record  owning all of the
21
286
344 issued and outstanding  shares of our Class B non-voting common stock
and  there  were 36  institutional  shareholders  of  record  owning  all of the
1
752
823 issued and outstanding shares of our Preferred Stock.
FINANCIAL  INDUSTRY  REGULATORY  AUTHORITY SALES PRACTICE  REQUIREMENTS MAY ALSO
LIMIT A STOCKHOLDER'S ABILITY TO BUY AND SELL OUR STOCK.
In addition to the penny stock rules described above
  the Financial  Industry
Regulatory  Authority
  or  FINRA
  has  adopted  rules  that  require  that  in
recommending an investment to a customer
  a broker-dealer  must have reasonable
grounds for believing that the  investment is suitable for that customer.  Prior
to  recommending  speculative low priced  securities to their  non-institutional
customers
  broker-dealers  must make reasonable  efforts to obtain  information
about the customer's  financial status
  tax status
  investment  objectives and
                                       17

other  information.  Under  interpretations  of these rules
 FINRA believes that
there is a high probability  that speculative low priced  securities will not be
suitable  for at least  some  customers.  The  FINRA  requirements  make it more
difficult for  broker-dealers  to recommend that their  customers buy our common
stock
  which  may  limit  your  ability  to buy and sell our  stock and have an
adverse effect on the market for our shares.
WE ARE SUBJECT TO THE PERIODIC  REPORTING  REQUIREMENTS OF THE EXCHANGE ACT THAT
WILL  REQUIRE  US TO INCUR  AUDIT  FEES AND LEGAL  FEES IN  CONNECTION  WITH THE
PREPARATION OF SUCH REPORTS.  THESE  ADDITIONAL  COSTS COULD REDUCE OR ELIMINATE
OUR ABILITY TO EARN A PROFIT.
We are required to file  periodic  reports with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange
Act and the rules and  regulations  promulgated  thereunder.  In order to comply
with these requirements
  our independent registered public accounting firm will
have to review  our  financial  statements  on a  quarterly  basis and audit our
financial statements on an annual basis.  Moreover
  our legal counsel will have
to review and assist in the  preparation  of such reports.  The costs charged by
these  professionals  for such services  cannot be accurately  predicted at this
time because factors such as the number and type of transactions  that we engage
in and the  complexity of our reports cannot be determined at this time and will
have a major  affect  on the  amount  of time to be  spent by our  auditors  and
attorneys. However
 the incurrence of such costs will obviously be an expense to
our  operations  and thus  have a  negative  effect on our  ability  to meet our
overhead  requirements  and earn a profit.  We may be exposed to potential risks
resulting from new requirements  under Section 404 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002. If we cannot provide  reliable  financial  reports or prevent  fraud
  our
business and operating results could be harmed
  investors could lose confidence
in our  reported  financial  information
  and the  trading  price of our common
stock
 if a market ever develops
 could drop significantly.
POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST
The directors and officers of the Company have no obligation to devote full time
to the business of the  Company.  They are required to devote only such time and
attention to the affairs of the Company
  as they may deem  appropriate in their
sole discretion.  It is anticipated that they will each spend  approximately 70%
of  their  time on their  duties  related  to  Amincor  but  they  are  under no
obligation to continue to do so
 nor are they  restricted by an agreement not to
compete  with the  Company and they may engage in other  activities  or ventures
which may result in various conflicts of interest with the Company.
            GENERAL RISK FACTORS RELATING TO AMINCORI'S SUBSIDIARIES
AMINCOR NEEDS ADDITIONAL CAPITAL IN THE FUTURE TO FUND THE OPERATIONS AND GROWTH
OF OUR  SUBSIDIARY  COMPANIES AND THIS NEW CAPITAL MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE.  IN THE
EVENT SUCH  ADDITIONAL  CAPITAL IS NOT  AVAILABLE
  AMINCOR MAY NEED TO FILE FOR
BANKRUPTCY PROTECTION.
Amincor's Management is working to secure additional available capital resources
and turnaround the subsidiary  companies to generate  operating income.  Amincor
may raise additional funds through public or private debt or equity  financings.
However
  there can be no assurance  that such  resources  will be sufficient to
fund the  operations  of Amincor  or the  long-term  growth of the  subsidiaries
businesses.  Amincor cannot assure investors that any additional  financing will
be  available  on  favorable  terms
  or  at  all.  Without  additional  capital
resources
  Amincor may not be able to continue to operate
  take  advantage  of
unanticipated  opportunities
  develop  new  products  or  otherwise  respond to
competitive pressures
  and be forced to curtail its business
  liquidate assets
and/or file for bankruptcy protection. In any such case
 its business
 operating
results or financial condition would be materially adversely affected.
                                       18

Amincor's   independent   registered   public   accounting  firm  has  expressed
substantial  doubt about Amincor's ability to continue as a going concern in the
audit report on the Company's audited financial  statements for the three fiscal
years  ended  December  31
 2012  included  herein.  (See Item 7 -  Management's

TYREE

Maintenance  and repair  services for several  retail  petroleum  customers  are
performed under  multi-year,  unit price contracts  (Tyree  Contracts).  Under
these  agreements,  the customer pays a set price per contracted retail location
per month and Tyree provides a defined scope of maintenance  and repair services
at these  locations on an on-call or as scheduled  basis.  Revenue  earned under
Tyree  Contracts is recognized  each month at the  prevailing  per location unit
price. Revenue from other maintenance and repair services is recognized as these
services are rendered.

Tyree  uses  the  percentage-of-completion   method  on  construction  services,
measured by the  percentage of total costs  incurred to date to estimated  total
costs for each contract.  This method is used because management considers costs
to date to be the best available measure of progress on these contracts.

Provisions for estimated losses on uncompleted  contracts are made in the period
in which overall  contract losses become  probable.  Changes in job performance,
job conditions and estimated  profitability,  including those arising from final
contract  settlements,  may  result  in  revisions  to costs and  income.  These
revisions are recognized in the period in which it is probable that the customer
will approve the variation  and the amount of revenue  arising from the revision
can be reliably  measured.  An amount equal to contract  costs  attributable  to
claims is included in revenues when  negotiations  have reached an advance stage
such that it is probable  that the customer will accept the claim and the amount
can be measured reliably.

The asset  account  Costs  and  estimated  earnings  in excess of  billings  on
uncompleted  contracts
  represents  revenues  recognized  in excess of amounts
billed.

The liability  account,  Billings in excess of cost and  estimated  earnings on
uncompleted contracts

                         Amincor, Inc. and Subsidiaries
             Notes to Consolidated or Combined Financial Statements
                       Three Years Ended December 31, 2012


TYREE

Maintenance  and repair  services for several  retail  petroleum  customers  are
performed under  multi-year,  unit price contracts  (Tyree  Contracts).  Under
these  agreements,  the customer pays a set price per contracted retail location
per month and Tyree provides a defined scope of maintenance  and repair services
at these  locations on an on-call or as scheduled  basis.  Revenue  earned under
Tyree  Contracts is recognized  each month at the  prevailing  per location unit
price. Revenue from other maintenance and repair services is recognized as these
services are rendered.

Tyree  uses  the  percentage-of-completion   method  on  construction  services,
measured by the  percentage of total costs  incurred to date to estimated  total
costs for each contract.  This method is used because management considers costs
to date to be the best available measure of progress on these contracts.

Provisions for estimated losses on uncompleted  contracts are made in the period
in which overall  contract losses become  probable.  Changes in job performance,
job conditions and estimated  profitability,  including those arising from final
contract  settlements,  may  result  in  revisions  to costs and  income.  These
revisions are recognized in the period in which it is probable that the customer
will approve the variation  and the amount of revenue  arising from the revision
can be reliably  measured.  An amount equal to contract  costs  attributable  to
claims is included in revenues when  negotiations  have reached an advance stage
such that it is probable  that the customer will accept the claim and the amount
can be measured reliably.

The asset  account  Costs  and  estimated  earnings  in excess of  billings  on
uncompleted  contracts
  represents  revenues  recognized  in excess of amounts
billed.

The liability  account,  Billings in excess of cost and  estimated  earnings on
uncompleted contracts

                         Amincor, Inc. and Subsidiaries
             Notes to Consolidated or Combined Financial Statements
                       Three Years Ended December 31, 2012


Rent expense on leases  containing  scheduled  rent  increases is  recognized by
amortizing the aggregate lease payments on a straight-line  basis over the lease
term.  This has resulted in deferred rent  liabilities of $13,429 and $18,313 as
of  December  31,  2012 and  2011,  respectively  which  are  included  in other
liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet.

Rent expense  totaled  $2,113,872  $1,802,985,  and $805,035 for the years ended
December 31, 2012,  2011, and 2010,  respectively,  which includes related party
rent of  $1,257,368,  $1,073,317,  and $264,520 for the years ended December 31,
2012, 2011, and 2010, respectively.

At December 31, 2012, the future minimum lease commitments under  non-cancelable
operating leases, including leases with related parties, are as follows:

                                           Total
                                        ----------
     Years ending December 31,
       2013                             $  469,204
       2014                                378,834
       2015                                194,580
                                        ----------

                                        $1,042,618
                                        ==========

EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

BPI

BPI established a 401(k)  retirement plan (the BPI Plan) effective  January 1,
2009. The Plan covers  employees of the Company who have completed  three months
(250 hours) of service and have  attained the age of  twenty-one.  All employees
hired  prior to January  1, 2009,  entered  the Plan  immediately.  The BPI Plan
permits participants to choose either a traditional pre-tax salary deferral plan
or a Roth after-tax  deferral plan. BPI does not make matching or  discretionary
contributions.

TYREE

Tyree has  established  the Tyree Holdings  401(k)  Retirement  Plan (the Tyree


