

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640313-17-000003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		106
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20170316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20170316
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Amplify Snack Brands
 INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001640313
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37530
		FILM NUMBER:		17695392
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 WEST 5TH STREET
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		847-982-9800
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 WEST 5TH STREET
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78701
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TA Holdings 1
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150422












		


WASHINGTON
December&#160;31
Amplify Snack Brands
&#32;Street
Austin
(Registrant&#8217;s Telephone number
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&#167;229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant
 based on the closing price of the shares of common stock on June 30
 2016 as reported by the New York Stock Exchange on such date was approximately $448.1 million. Shares of the Registrant&#8217;s common stock held by each executive officer
As of March 10
 2017
 there were 76
753
412 outstanding shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock
Part III of this report incorporates information by reference from the definitive Proxy Statement to be filed within 120 days after the end of the Registrant's fiscal year ended December 31
AMPLIFY SNACK BRANDS
FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
Market for Registrant's Common Equity
Directors
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 or the Securities Act
 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 or the Exchange Act
 which statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance. In some cases
 you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;should
&#8221; &#8220;expects
&#8221; &#8220;plans
&#8221; &#8220;anticipates
&#8221; &#8220;could
&#8221; &#8220;intends
&#8221; &#8220;target
&#8221; &#8220;projects
&#8221; &#8220;contemplates
&#8221; &#8220;believes
&#8221; &#8220;estimates
&#8221; &#8220;predicts
&#8221; &#8220;potential&#8221; or &#8220;continue&#8221; or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations
 strategy
 plans or intentions. Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include
 but are not limited to
our future financial performance
 including our net sales
 cost of goods sold
 gross profit or gross profit margin
 operating expenses
our ability to maintain
changing trends
You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and prospects. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks
 uncertainties and other factors described in &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Moreover
 we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time
 and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We cannot assure you that the results
 events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur
 and actual results
 events
The forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events
 except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the plans
 intentions
 or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions
 mergers
 dispositions
Amplify Snack Brands
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively
 the Company
 we
 us and our) is a high growth
 snack food company focused on developing and marketing products that appeal to consumers&#8217; growing preference for better-for-you (BFY) snacks.  Our anchor brand
 SkinnyPop
 is a highly-profitable and market-leading BFY ready-to-eat (RTE) popcorn brand.  Through its simple
 major allergen-free and non-GMO ingredients
 SkinnyPop embodies our BFY mission and has amassed a loyal and growing customer base across a wide range of food distribution channels in the United States.  In September 2016
 we acquired Crisps Topco Limited (Tyrrells Group) and its international portfolio of premium BFY snack brands.  This acquisition allows us to broaden our international customer reach
 diversify our product and brand portfolio and realize the benefits of operating scale.  In April 2015
 we acquired Paqui
 LLC (Paqui)
 an emerging BFY tortilla chip brand and in April 2016
 we acquired Boundless Nutrition
 LLC (Boundless Nutrition)
 which manufactures and distributes its Oatmega protein snack bars and Perfect Cookie products to natural
 grocery
 mass and food service retail partners across the United States.  These acquisitions allow us to leverage our infrastructure to help us grow into adjacent snacking sub-segments with innovative BFY brands.  We believe that our focus on building a portfolio of exclusively BFY snack brands differentiates us and will allow us to leverage our platform to realize material synergies across our family of BFY brands
On July 17
 2014
 SkinnyPop Popcorn LLC was acquired by investment funds affiliated with TA Associates
 L.P.
 a leading growth private equity firm (TA Associates).  This transaction is hereinafter referred to as the Sponsor Acquisition.  The business of SkinnyPop Popcorn LLC prior to the Sponsor Acquisition is hereinafter referred to as the Predecessor. The business of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries
 including SkinnyPop Popcorn LLC
On August 4
 2015
 we completed our initial public offering (IPO) in which 15
000
000 common shares from the 75
000
000 common shares then issued
 were sold by selling stockholders to the public at a price of $18.00 per share.  We did not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares in this offering.  In May 2016
 we completed a secondary public offering
 in which 11
500
Our brands primarily compete in the salty snack segment
 which includes products such as potato chips
 tortilla chips
 popcorn
 cheese snacks and pretzels.  BFY brands within the salty snack segment have recently experienced a higher rate of growth relative to the overall salty snack segment.  Growth in BFY snacks is driven by various factors
 including the increasing importance of snacking in many consumers' diets
 heightened awareness of the importance of a healthier diet
 coupled with increased understanding and focus on the importance of nutrition to long-term health and wellness.  Consumers are increasingly aware of their snacking choices
Our products are comprised of our cornerstone brand
 SkinnyPop
 in addition to Tyrrells
 Paqui
 Oatmega
 Thomas Chipman
 the Wholesome Food Company and Lisa&#8217;s Chips.  Our SkinnyPop and Tyrrells brands have established themselves in the North America region and Europe region
 respectively
 whereas Paqui
 Oatmega
 Thomas Chipman
The SkinnyPop brand was launched in 2010 and is one of the leading brands in the growing RTE popcorn category. SkinnyPop starts with three core ingredients: popcorn
 sunflower oil and salt. The SkinnyPop portfolio is currently comprised of six flavors: Original
 White Cheddar flavor
 Sea Salt &amp; Pepper
 Naturally Sweet
 Jalapeno and Dusted Dark Chocolate flavor. We offer our products in a variety of bag sizes and pack types which are sold across all channels.  While the ingredients are simple
carefully selected premium ingredients to achieve a desirable taste profile.  Additionally
 our SkinnyPop products are major allergen-free
 non-GMO
 gluten-free
 and contain no artificial flavors or preservatives
 making them a tasty BFY snack.  In 2016 we expanded the SkinnyPop brand beyond our core RTE product offerings and now offer microwaveable popcorn and SkinnyPop popcorn cakes.  Currently our SkinnyPop product offerings are sold primarily in the United States and Canada
 however with the acquisition of Tyrrells
In September 2016
 we acquired the Tyrrells brand
 based in Herefordshire
 England.  Tyrrells is an international manufacturer of BFY snack food businesses that manufactures and markets products in the United Kingdom
 Europe
 Australia and other international markets. The Tyrrells brand has a presence in snack food categories including
 kettle cooked potato chips or crisps
 vegetable crisps
 premium popcorn and tortilla chips.  Tyrrells differentiates itself in the BFY market place by leveraging its premium ingredients
 proprietary cooking methods
 and humorous brand personality and packaging.  Tyrrells products are also made without artificial ingredients or preservatives.  Tyrrells Crisps are also spun as part of the hand cooking process
 which not only gives them a characteristic crunch
The Paqui brand was created in 2007 and acquired by us in 2015.  Paqui
 the name of which is derived from the Aztec word that means &#8220;to be happy&#8221;
 produces tortilla chips that taste great but are also non-GMO
 gluten-free
 trans fats-free
 cholesterol-free and contain no artificial preservatives or flavors.  Paqui currently offers seven core flavors: Sea Salt Delights
 Nacho Cheese Especial
 Wild Wild Ranch
 Roasted Jalape&#241;o
 Grilled Habanero
 Cool Salsa Verde and Haunted Ghost Pepper.  Paqui provides our entry point into the multi-billion dollar tortilla chip sub-category
 where we believe no clear BFY market leader has emerged.  In early 2016
 we officially launched the Paqui brand nationally across the United States and Canada
In April 2016
 we acquired Boundless Nutrition
 which manufactures and distributes Oatmega protein snack bars and a line of BFY cookie products
 formally branded as the Perfect Cookie.  The Oatmega protein bar is currently offered in eight flavors which we will seek to expand upon in the future.  We believe the Oatmega protein bar is unique as it is one of the few
 if not only
We launched a line of Oatmega Kids protein bars in four kid-friendly flavors including Chocolate Chip
 Chocolate Peanut Butter
 Cinnamon Roll and Peanut Butter &amp; Jelly
 to a limited number of retailers in the United States.  These bars were developed specifically for kids and contain a good source of Vitamin D
We also leveraged the Oatmega brand to further our growth of the BFY cookie product line with a reformulated BFY cookie under the Oatmega brand name.  The Oatmega Cookie line is comprised of three flavors: Peanut Butter
 Chocolate Chip and White Chocolate Macadamia. The Oatmega Cookie contains grass-fed whey protein
With the acquisition of Tyrrells Group in September 2016
 we acquired the Thomas Chipman and Wholesome Food Company brands
 which are manufactured in Australia by our wholly-owned subsidiary Yarra Valley Snack Foods Pty. Limited (Yarra Valley)
 and Lisa&#8217;s Chips
Thomas Chipman Organic Chips are certified organic and gluten free and include a range of corn chips
 potato chips and vegetable chips
 with over 20 product offerings. The Wholesome Food Company offers a range of innovative snacks designed to appeal to the health-conscious consumer including popcorn and legume based chips. Products sold through the Wholesome Food Company contain no artificial ingredients
Aroma Snacks manufacturers hand cooked potato chips that are sold under four brand names. Lisa's Chips
 Lisa's Organic Chips
Given that we compete in the global snack category
 innovation is
 and will continue to be
 an important component of our growth strategy moving forward. Our innovation strategy is based on our ongoing research into consumers&#8217; BFY snacking needs and preferences.  We will continue to conduct extensive consumer research in order to develop successful new products including concept testing
Historically
 we marketed our products predominantly throughout the United States to a variety of channels including natural and conventional grocery
 drug
 convenience
 club
 mass merchandise and a variety of alternative channels.  In connection with our acquisition of Tyrrells Group in September 2016
 we expanded our geographic footprint into the United Kingdom
 Europe
Our largest customer
 Costco Wholesale
 accounted for approximately 22%
 31%
 36% and 33% of our consolidated net sales for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the period from July 17
 2014 to December 31
 2014 and the period from January 1
 2014 to July 16
 2014
 respectively.  A second customer
 Sam&#8217;s Club
 an affiliate of Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc.
 accounted for 12%
18%
 20% and 22% of our consolidated net sales for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the period from July 17
 2014 to December 31
 2014 and the period from January 1 2014 to July 16
 2014
 respectively.  No other customer accounted for more than 10% of our consolidated net sales for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 and the period from July 17
 2014 to December 31
 2014 and the period from January 1
 2014 to July 16
&#32;&#32;The majority of our natural grocery retailers
Our marketing organization is aligned by brand and is responsible for driving each brand&#8217;s growth and performance.  As we continue to build out our brands
 we aim to create impactful marketing communication and activation plans to drive awareness
We produce snack foods which primarily fall into five product categories: popcorn
 potato chips and potato crisps
 vegetable chips and vegetable crisps
 tortilla chips and protein bars.  The principal ingredients required to manufacture our SkinnyPop popcorn include popcorn kernels
 sunflower oil
 and seasonings.  Our assortment of potato chip/crisp and vegetable chip/crisp offerings are primarily produced using potatoes
 root vegetables
 sunflower oil and a variety of seasonings.  The principal ingredients within our tortilla chip offerings are ground corn
 canola oil and flavor seasonings.  Our protein bars are produced using a mix of grass-fed whey protein
 oats and various natural ingredients.  Our packaging supplies consists of flexible film
 cartons
 trays
 card cases
 pallet wrap and pouches.  All of our raw materials are purchased according to rigorous standards to assure food quality and safety.  These raw materials are generally available in adequate quantities from numerous sources and are often contracted out from three months up to two years.  Refer to Note 11 in the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 for more detailed information related to our purchase commitments.  Our North American operations utilize at least two suppliers for all their key ingredients except for our grass-fed whey which is purchased from a large multi-national supplier.  Internationally we single source many of our key ingredients but consider these ingredients to be readily available from multiple suppliers.  We visit with major suppliers to procure competitively priced
In North America
 where we produce SkinnyPop popcorn
 Paqui tortilla chips and Oatmega protein bars and cookies
 we rely on independent manufacturers referred to as co-manufacturers in our industry to manufacture our products.  Outsourcing allows us to operate an asset-light business model and focus our efforts on innovation
 marketing and sales.  Our co-manufacturers are regularly audited by third parties and are required to follow rigorous food safety guidelines.  We believe our co-manufacturers have the capacity to meet our current and near-term supply needs.  We monitor capacity and performance of our manufacturing partners and will qualify alternate suppliers as needed.  We have two different arrangements with our co-manufacturers.  For the majority of our business
In conjunction with the Tyrrells Group acquisition
 we acquired approximately 156
000 square feet of manufacturing
 warehousing and office space. We maintain two manufacturing facilities in the United Kingdom
 and one manufacturing facility in both Germany and Australia. Our batch fried potato crisps
 which is our most significant potato crisp category
 can be manufactured in all facilities
&#32;Our products are manufactured in facilities that have programs and controls in place regarding consistent quality and food safety.  Product attributes
 such as taste
 aroma
 texture and appearance are regularly monitored.  Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) and comprehensive Food Safety programs are designed to produce a safe
 wholesome product.  Our suppliers are required to have equally robust processes in place and confirm their compliance with product specifications with Letters of Guaranty and Certificates of Analysis for shipments of raw materials to be used in our Products.  Finally
 random samples of our finished goods are sent regularly to a third-party laboratory for testing. All of our co-manufacturers and four manufacturing facilities maintain at least one form of global food safety quality standards
 such as SQF
 BRC
 ISO 9001
 IFS
 ISO22000
We operate in a highly competitive environment and face competition in each of our product categories.  We have numerous competitors of varying sizes
 including manufacturers of private-label products
 as well as manufacturers of other branded food products
 that compete for trade merchandising support and consumer dollars.  We compete with large conventional consumer packaged foods companies such as Frito Lay
 Inc. and Walkers
 both of which are subsidiaries of PepsiCo
 Inc.
 The Kellogg Company
 ConAgra Foods
 Inc.
 General Mills
 Inc. and Snyder&#8217;s-Lance
 Inc. (including its subsidiary Kettle Foods Inc.).  We also compete directly with smaller
 local or regional BFY snack companies including Popcorn Indiana
 Angie&#8217;s
 Cliff
 Luna
 and Quest
 as well as private-label products manufactured by retailers
Competitive factors in our industry include product quality and taste
 brand awareness and loyalty among consumers
 product variety
 ingredients
 interesting or unique product names
 innovation of on-trend snacks
 product packaging
 access to supermarket shelf space
 reputation
 price
 advertising
As of December 31
 2016
 we had approximately 550 full-time employees and 73 part-time employees
 as compared to 45 employees at December 31
 2015.  The increase in our headcount from December 31
 2015 is primarily related to our acquisition of Tyrrells in September 2016
 which contributed 470 full-time employees and 71 part-time employees to our headcount.  We are continuing to build our workforce with experienced individuals in order to serve our operations.  Our Yarra Valley Snack Foods subsidiary
 located in Australia is subject to collective bargaining regulations. We are currently evaluating our obligations under those regulations
We market and sell our products primarily under the SkinnyPop
 Tyrrells
 Paqui and Oatmega brand names
 each of which is registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office
 as well as in various other non-U.S. jurisdictions.  Our Tyrrells
 Thomas Chipman
 the Wholesome Food Company
Our web content and the domain names
 including www.amplifysnackbrands.com
 www.skinnypop.com
  www.tyrrellscrisp.co.uk
 www.oatmega.com
 www.paqui.com
 www.yarravalleysnackfoods.com and www.lisachips.com are owned by us and the content is copyright protected.  We also rely on unpatented proprietary expertise
 recipes and formulations
Along with our co-manufacturers
 brokers
 distributors and ingredients and packaging suppliers
 we are subject to extensive laws and regulations in the United States by federal
 state and local government authorities.  In the United States
 the federal agencies governing the manufacture
 distribution and advertising of our products include
 among others
 the FTC
 the FDA
 the USDA
 Food Safety Inspection Service
 the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and similar state and local agencies.  Under various statutes
 these agencies
 among other things
 prescribe the requirements and establish the standards for quality and safety and regulate our marketing and advertising to consumers.  Certain of these agencies
 in certain circumstances
 must not only approve our products
Our operations and products are also subject to foreign and provincial regulation and oversight by governmental agencies in the countries in which we operate
 including the Food Standards Agency in the United Kingdom
 the European Food Safety Authority in the European Commission
 the Federal Ministry of Food Agriculture and Consumer Protection (BMELV) in Germany
 the Department of Agriculture and Water Resources in Australia and the Canadian Food Inspection Agency and the Ministry of Agriculture in Canada
 which regulate the processing
 packaging
 storage
 distribution
 advertising and labeling of the products we manufacture
 including food safety standards. We have been
 and we may be
We are subject to U.S and foreign labor and employment laws
 laws governing advertising
 privacy laws
 safety regulations and other laws
 including consumer protection regulations that regulate retailers or govern the promotion and sale of merchandise. Our operations
 and those of our contract co-manufacturers
 distributors and suppliers
We monitor changes in these laws and believe that we presently comply in all material respects with the foregoing laws and regulations. There can be no assurance
 however
 that future compliance with such laws or regulations will not have a material adverse effect on our business
We may be subject to additional laws or regulations administered by the FDA
 the USDA or other federal
 state
 or foreign regulatory authorities
 the repeal of laws or regulations
 or more stringent interpretations or enforcements of current laws or regulations
 from time to time in the future. We cannot predict the nature of such future laws
 regulations
 interpretations or applications
 nor can we predict what effect additional government regulations or administrative orders
 when and if promulgated
 would have on our business in the future. Such laws could
 however require the reformulation of products
 the recall
 withholding or discontinuance of products
 the imposition of additional record keeping requirements
 the revision of labeling
 advertising or other promotional materials
 and changes in the level of scientific substantiation needed to support claims. Any or all such government actions could have a material adverse  effect on our business
On September 2
 2016
 the Company completed the acquisitions of Tyrrells Group
 a diversified international company that manufactures and markets BFY snack foods. As a result of this transaction
 management determined that it operates in two operating and reportable segments. Our North America and International segments both operate in the large and growing global snack food category and whose brands and products are offered in the natural and conventional grocery
 drug
 convenience
 food service
 club
measures used by our CODM for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance of our segments
Certain expenses such as administrative costs required to operate effectively as a public company
 professional fees
 corporate-related insurance costs
 personnel costs of our executive team
 and certain individuals within our finance and human resource departments have been excluded from our individual segments profitability measures
 along with transaction-related expenses that are not part of revenue generating activities.  For purposes of our segment results
 revenue is attributed to individual geographies on the basis of the physical location of where the sales occur.  Prior to our acquisition of Tyrrells Group
Our website is located at http://www.amplifysnackbrands.com
 and our investor relations website is located at http://investors.amplifysnackbrands.com/.  Copies of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 Current Reports on Form 8-K
 and amendments to these reports&#160;filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 or the Exchange Act
 are available
 free of charge
 on our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such material electronically with or furnish it to the Securities and Exchange Commission
 or the SEC.  The SEC also maintains a website that contains our SEC filings. The address of the site is http://www.sec.gov.  Further
 a copy of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is located at the SEC&#8217;s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 NE
 Washington
We webcast our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the investment community on our investor relations website.  Additionally
 we provide notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial performance
 including SEC filings
 investor events
 press and earnings releases
 and blogs as part of our investor relations website.  Amplify has used
 and intends to continue to use
 our investor relations website as means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with its disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Further corporate governance information
 including our certificate of incorporation
 bylaws
 governance guidelines
 board committee charters
 and code of business conduct and ethics
 is also available on our investor relations website under the heading &#8220;Corporate Governance.&#8221;  The contents of our websites are not intended to be incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC
Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below
 together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 including our consolidated financial statements and related notes. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business
 operating results
 financial condition
 or prospects and cause the value of our common stock to decline
We rely on sales to a limited number of distributors and retailers for the substantial majority of our net sales
A substantial majority of our sales are generated from a limited number of distributors and retailers
 which we refer to as customers.  For the year ended December 31
 2016
 sales to our two largest customers
 Costco and Sam&#8217;s Club
 represented approximately 26% and 14% of our North America segment's net sales
 respectively
 and 22% and 12% of our consolidated net sales
 respectively.  Within our International segment
 one customer represented 11% of the segment's net sales for the year ended December 31
 2016
 none of which comprised more than 10% of our consolidated net sales. In addition
 Costco and Sam's accounted for approximately 12% of our consolidated accounts receivable as of December 31
 2016.  Although the composition of our significant customers may vary from period to period
our products to any of our customers. Consequently
 our financial results may fluctuate significantly from period to period based on the actions of one or more significant customers. A customer may take actions that affect us for reasons that we cannot always anticipate or control
 such as their financial condition
 changes in their business strategy or operations
 the introduction of competing products or the perceived quality of our products. In addition
 despite operating in different channels
 our retailers sometimes compete for the same consumers. As a result of actual or perceived conflicts resulting from this competition
 customers may take actions that negatively affect us. The loss of
 or a reduction in sales or anticipated sales to
 one or more of our most significant distributors or retailers may have a material adverse effect on our business
Further
 over the last several years our anchor brand SkinnyPop
 has gained several new relationships with some of the largest U.S. retail chains such as Walmart
 Target
 Albertsons
 Safeway and CVS Pharmacy
 and these customers may find
 as they gain more experience selling our products
 that their respective abilities to sell SkinnyPop products does not meet their expectations or they may not continue to place orders for our products. In 2016
Tyrrells Group products including Tyrrells brand
 Lisa's brand
 the Wholesome Food Company brand
 the Thomas Chipman brand
 in addition to the private label products are sold in over 30 countries throughout the world. Some of these relationships we have with retailers are in excess of 10 years
 however some of our relationships are relatively new. In particular
 there are countries
 such as China
The majority of our net sales for the year ended December 31
 2016 resulted from sales of our SkinnyPop products.  The majority of our SkinnyPop branded net sales came from a variety of stock-keeping-units
 or SKUs
 under our Original flavor. Most of SkinnyPop's secondary flavors
 White Cheddar Flavor
 Naturally Sweet
 and Sea Salt &amp; Black Pepper flavored SKUs
 were first introduced in late 2013 or 2014
 and Dusted Dark Chocolate and Jalape&#241;o
 were introduced in early 2016
 represent a relatively small portion of our sales.  Historically the majority of Tyrrells sales have been derived from five core flavors; lightly salted
 sea salt and cider vinegar
 sweet chili and red pepper
Because sales of our SkinnyPop products make up much of our historical profitability and cash flows
 reductions in sales of SkinnyPop products in particular will have an adverse effect on our profitability and ability to generate cash to fund our product development
The following factors
 among others
changes in consumer eating and snacking habits
 including trends away from certain categories
 including major allergen-free
any changes in government policies and practices related to our products
regulatory developments affecting the manufacturing
 labeling
Currently
 the substantial majority of our SkinnyPop products are produced by one third-party co-manufacturer
 which maintains only two facilities for all of its customers. Our agreement with our primary third-party co-manufacturer provides that we will order a minimum amount of products each year during the agreement&#8217;s term. If we do not meet the minimum order amount
 we must pay a penalty fee if such third-party co-manufacturer is no longer our exclusive manufacturer. The agreement may be terminated by us upon written notice and the payment of a termination fee.  There can be no assurance that the third-party co-manufacturer's capacity will be sufficient to fulfill our orders
 and while we recently added an additional co-manufacturer
 any supply shortfall could materially and adversely affect our business
Additionally
 we face the risk of disruption to our production and sales processes if our primary third-party co-manufacturer is unable or unwilling to produce sufficient quantities of our SkinnyPop products in a timely manner or renew contracts with us or suffers a natural disaster
 fire
 power interruption
 work stoppage or other unanticipated catastrophic event.  In addition
 we are responsible for any increase in either of our third-party co-manufacturers' costs and may not be able to pass these costs on to our customers.  In order to continue manufacturing our products in the event of a disruption to our production and sales processes
 we would have to increase our reliance on our other third-party co-manufacturer or identify and qualify new manufacturers
 including obtaining third party certifications for claims
 which we may be unable to do in a timely manner
From time to time
 we need to seek new manufacturers or enter into new arrangements with our existing manufacturers.  However
 only a limited number of manufacturers may&#160;have the ability to produce our products at the volumes we need
 and it could take a significant period of time to locate and qualify such alternative production sources.  Moreover
 it may be difficult or expensive to find manufacturers to produce small volumes of our new products.  Manufacturers may impose minimum order requirements and any failure on our part to meet these requirements could increase our costs.  There can also be no assurance that we would be able to identify and qualify new manufacturers in a timely manner or that such manufacturers could allocate sufficient capacity in order to meet our requirements
 which could materially adversely affect our ability to make timely deliveries of product.  In addition
 we may be unable to negotiate pricing or other terms with our existing or new manufacturers as favorable as what we currently enjoy.  Furthermore
Given that our primary third-party co-manufacturer's two operating facilities are in close geographic proximity to one another
 shipments to and from the warehouses where our products are stored could be delayed for a variety of reasons
 including weather conditions
 strikes and shipping delays. Any significant delay in the shipments of product would have a material adverse effect on our business
We rely
 in part
Our third-party co-manufacturers are required to maintain the quality of our products and to comply with our product specifications and requirements for certain certifications. Our third-party co-manufacturers are also required to comply with all federal
 state and local laws with respect to food safety. Additionally
 certain retail customers
 such as Costco
 require our third-party co-manufacturers to maintain minimum independent certifications
 such as SQF Level 2 Certification or Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points (HACCP)
 certification. However
 our third-party co-manufacturers may not continue to produce products that are consistent with our standards or that are in compliance with required certification programs or applicable laws
 and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to identify instances in which our third-party co-manufacturers fail to comply with such programs or laws. Any such failure
 particularly if it is not identified by us
these same issues with any new co-manufacturer
 and they may be exacerbated due to the newness of the relationship. The failure of any manufacturer to produce products that conform to our standards could materially and adversely affect our reputation in the marketplace and result in product recalls
We have undertaken efforts to expand our product portfolio with the acquisition of Tyrrells Group.  If we do not realize the expected benefits
 including synergies
 from the Tyrrells Group acquisition
On September 2
 2016
 we completed our acquisition of Tyrrells Group
 a company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales
Since the acquisition of Tyrrells Group
 our business has become significantly larger and more complex. Our future success significantly depends upon our ability to manage our expanded enterprise
 including multiple locations
 which pose substantial challenges for management
 including challenges related to the management and monitoring of new operations and associated increased costs and complexity. In order to support this expanded enterprise in the future
 we need to achieve net sales from the Tyrrells Group businesses and synergies consistent with our business expectations
 which may prove more difficult than currently expected.&#160; Any failure to achieve the expected level of net sales and synergies could affect our profitability
 our ability to service the debt that we took on to partially fund this acquisition
With the acquisition of Tyrrells Group
Strategic and transformative transactions like our recent acquisition of Tyrrells Group create numerous uncertainties and risks. With the consummation of the acquisition
 Tyrrells Group became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Amplify and has significantly broadened our operations in foreign countries. This addition to our business will entail many changes
 including the integration of Tyrrells Group and its personnel
 changes in systems and employee benefit plans and management of multiple geographic locations across the world. These transition activities are complex and we may encounter unexpected difficulties
 incur unexpected costs or experience business disruptions
increased commitments for the management team
 including the need to divert management's attention to integration matters
difficulties realizing the revenue projections
 financial benefits
challenges in leveraging our commercial expertise
difficulties in the assimilation and retention of employees
If any of these factors limits our ability to integrate Tyrrells Group into our operations successfully or on a timely basis
 the expectations of future results of operations
 including certain synergies expected to result from the acquisition
 might not be met. As a result
 we may not be able to realize the expected benefits that we seek to achieve from the acquisition
 which could also affect our ability to service our debt obligations. In addition
 we may be required to spend additional time or money on integration that otherwise would be spent on the development and expansion of our business
Further
 the market price of our stock may decline if our integration of Tyrrells Group is unsuccessful
 integration and synergies take longer than expected or the acquisition fails to achieve financial benefits to the extent anticipated by us
 financial analysts or investors
Our level of indebtedness and the terms of the&#160;Credit&#160;Facility could adversely affect our operations and limit our ability to plan for or respond to changes in our business or acquire additional products for our portfolio. If we are unable to comply with restrictions in the&#160;Credit Facility or cannot make payments on the Credit Facility
To consummate the Tyrrells Group acquisition
 we incurred a substantial amount of additional debt
 which could adversely affect our business.  As of December 31
 2016
 we had&#160;$614.9 million&#160;of total debt outstanding.  In September 2016
 we entered into a Credit Facility which provided for Term Loans in the aggregate principal amount of $600&#160;million and Revolving Loans in the aggregate principal amount of $50 million.  As of December 31
 2016
 our Term Loans and Revolving Loans had a floating interest rate of 6.50% and 6.23% per annum
 respectively. Our high level of indebtedness could adversely affect our business in the following ways
make it more difficult for us to satisfy our financial obligations under&#160;our current debt obligations
 or other indebtedness
&#160;as well as&#160;our contractual and commercial commitments
require us to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to pay interest and principal on&#160;our current debt obligations
 or other indebtedness
 which would reduce the funds available for working capital
limit our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital
 capital expenditures
 acquisitions and other investments
 or general corporate purposes
heighten our vulnerability to downturns in our business
limit our flexibility in planning for
 or reacting to
 changes in our business
Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of
 to pay interest on or to refinance our indebtedness depends on our future performance
 which is subject to economic
 financial
 competitive and other factors that may be beyond our control. Our business may not generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to service our debt and support our growth strategies. If we are unable to generate such cash flow
 we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives
 such as selling assets
 restructuring debt or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms
 which could result in a default on our debt obligations
 including under our current debt obligations.&#160;&#160;In addition
 if for any reason
 we are unable to meet our debt service and repayment obligations
 we would be in default under the terms of the agreements governing our indebtedness
 which would allow our creditors at that time to declare all outstanding indebtedness to be due and payable. Under these circumstances
The&#160;Credit Facility requires us to make certain payments of principal and interest over time and contains a number&#160;of other restrictive covenants. The&#160;Credit Facility also contains covenants and terms limiting our ability to enter into new acquisitions
 licenses
 mergers
 foreign investments
 and to take on new debt and sell assets. The maturity date of  the Credit Facility could also be accelerated in certain circumstances
Our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk
Borrowings under our Credit Facility will
 and other indebtedness we incur in the future may
 bear interest at variable rates exposing us to interest rate risk. If interest rates increase
 our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness would increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same
Exposure to United Kingdom political developments
 including the outcome of the United Kingdom referendum on membership in the European Union
On June&#160;23
 2016
 a referendum was held on the United&#160;Kingdom's membership in the European Union
creates an uncertain political and economic environment in the United&#160;Kingdom and potentially across other European Union member states
Article&#160;50 of the Treaty of the European Union
 or Article&#160;50
 allows a member state to decide to withdraw from the European Union in accordance with its own constitutional requirements. The formal process for leaving the European Union will be triggered only when the United&#160;Kingdom delivers an Article&#160;50 notice to the European Council
 although informal negotiations around the terms of any exit may be held before such notice is given. Delivery of the Article&#160;50 notice will start a two-year period for the United&#160;Kingdom to exit from the European Union
 although this period can be extended with the unanimous agreement of the European Council. Without any such extension (and assuming that the terms of withdrawal have not already been agreed)
The result of the referendum means that the long-term nature of the United&#160;Kingdom's relationship with the European Union is unclear and that there is considerable uncertainty as to when any such relationship will be agreed and implemented. In the interim
 there is a risk of instability for both the United&#160;Kingdom and the European Union
 which could adversely affect the results
 financial condition and&#160;prospects of Tyrrells and could adversely affect our business results
It is currently expected that the United Kingdom government will shortly commence negotiations in connection with any exit from the European Union and will make a decision regarding the timing for giving an Article&#160;50 notice. There is also considerable uncertainty as to whether
 following any Article&#160;50 notice being given
 the arrangements for the United&#160;Kingdom to leave the European Union will be agreed upon within the two-year period and
 if not
 whether an extension of that time period would be agreed upon. It is also possible that the European Union will pressure the United&#160;Kingdom to exit prior to the end of the two-year period. There is also a risk of the United&#160;Kingdom's exit from the European Union being effected without mutually acceptable terms being agreed and that any terms of such exit could adversely affect our operating results
 financial condition and&#160;prospects of Tyrrells and could adversely affect our business results
The political and economic instability created by the United&#160;Kingdom's vote to leave the European Union has caused and may continue to cause significant volatility in global financial markets and the value of the Pound Sterling currency or other currencies
 including the Euro. Depending on the terms reached regarding any exit from the European Union
Consequently
 no assurance can be given as to the impact of the referendum outcome and
 in particular
 no assurance can be given that the result will not adversely impact the operating results
 financial condition and prospects of Tyrrells and our operating results
Since completing the acquisition of Tyrrells Group
 we have begun making substantial sales in foreign countries. The risk of inadequate intellectual property protections and differences in packaging
 labeling
 food and related laws
 rules and regulations are all substantial matters that need to be continually evaluated while doing business in new territories.  Additionally
 Tyrrells Group's foreign sales and acquisitions could be adversely affected by economic
 legal
 political and regulatory developments in the countries in which we do business in the future or in which we expand our business
Examples of risks inherent in doing business outside of North America include changes in the political and economic conditions in the countries in which we operate
 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements
 changes in tariffs
 the adoption of foreign or U.S. laws limiting exports to or imports from certain foreign countries
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates and the value of the U.S. dollar
 restrictions on repatriation of earnings
 expropriation of property without fair compensation
 weak protection of intellectual property rights and the acceptance of business practices that are not consistent with or are antithetical to prevailing business practices we are accustomed to in the United States
Doing business outside the United States requires us to comply with the laws and regulations of the U.S. government and various foreign jurisdictions
 which place restrictions on our operations
 trade practices
decisions. In particular
 our operations are subject to U.S. and foreign anti-corruption and trade control laws and regulations
 such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
 or FCPA
 export controls and economic sanctions programs
 including those administered by the U.S. Treasury Department&#8217;s Office of Foreign Assets Control
 or OFAC. As a result of doing business in foreign countries and with foreign partners
In addition
 the United Kingdom Bribery Act
 or the Bribery Act
 extends beyond bribery of foreign public officials and also applies to transactions with individuals that a government does not employ. The provisions of the Bribery Act are also more onerous than the FCPA in a number of other respects
 including jurisdiction
 non-exemption of facilitation payments and penalties. Our continued expansion outside the United States
 including in developing countries
 and our development of new partnerships and joint venture relationships worldwide
 could increase the risk of FCPA
 OFAC or Bribery Act violations in the future. Violations of anti-corruption and trade control laws and sanctions regulations are punishable by civil penalties
 including fines
 denial of export privileges
 injunctions
 asset seizures
 debarment from government contracts and revocations or restrictions of licenses
Our customers do not provide us with firm
 long-term or short-term volume purchase commitments. As a result of the absence of such contracts
 we could have periods during which we have no or limited orders for our products
 but we will continue to have to pay our costs
 including those to maintain our work force and service our indebtedness with reduced sales. We cannot assure you that we will be able to timely find new customers to supplement periods where we experience no or limited purchase orders or that we can recover fixed costs as a result of experiencing reduced purchase orders. Periods of no or limited purchase orders for our products could have a material adverse effect on our net income
Conversely
Because we rely on a limited number of raw materials to create our products and a limited number of third-party suppliers to supply our raw materials
 we may not be able to obtain raw materials on a timely basis
The principal ingredients to manufacture our products include
 without limitation
 popcorn kernels
 white corn
 potatoes
 root vegetables
 sunflower oil
 canola oil
 whey protein
 oats and seasonings.  There may be a limited market supply of any of our core ingredients
 including in particular the specific popcorn kernel we use in our SkinnyPop products.  In addition to the market limitations of the raw materials used to make our products
 we rely on a limited number of third-party suppliers to supply us with such raw materials.  Although we have multiple suppliers for some of our principal ingredients
 we have more limited numbers of suppliers for other principal ingredients
 including two suppliers for the sunflower oil and two suppliers for the popcorn kernels used in our products. Our Tyrrells Group businesses
 currently individually single source many of their ingredients
 but we believe these ingredients are readily available from other suppliers. Any ordering error on our part or disruption in the supply of our principal ingredients could have a material adverse effect on our business
 particularly our profitability and our margins.  Our financial performance depends in large part on our ability to arrange for the purchase of raw materials in sufficient quantities at competitive prices.  We are not assured of continued supply
 pricing or exclusive access to raw materials from these sources.  Any of our suppliers could discontinue or seek to alter their relationships with us. Additionally
 we may be adversely affected if there are increases in demand for the specific raw materials we use in our products
 there is a reduction in overall supply of our required raw materials or our suppliers raise their prices
Events that adversely affect our suppliers could impair our ability to obtain raw material inventory in the quantities that we desire. Such events include problems with our suppliers&#8217; businesses
 finances
 labor relations
 ability to import raw materials
 costs
 production
 insurance
 reputation and weather conditions during growing
 harvesting or shipping
 including flood
 drought
 frost and earthquakes
If we experience significant increased demand for our products
 or need to replace an existing supplier
 there can be no assurance that additional supplies of raw materials will be available when required on acceptable terms
 or at all
 or that any supplier would allocate sufficient capacity to us in order to meet our requirements
 fill our orders in a timely manner or meet our strict quality standards. Even if our existing suppliers are able to expand their capacities to meet our needs or we are able to find new sources of raw materials
 we may encounter delays in production
 inconsistencies in quality and added costs. We are not able to pass increased costs onto the customer immediately
 if at all
 which may decrease or eliminate our profitability in any period. Any delays or interruption in
 or increased costs of
As a food production company
 all of our products must be compliant with regulations by the Food and Drug Administration
 or FDA
 and other international regulatory agencies
 and in addition a number of our products rely on independent certification that they are non-GMO
 gluten-free
 organic or Kosher. Any non-compliance with the FDA
 or other international regulatory agencies
We must comply with various FDA rules and regulations
 including those regarding product manufacturing
 food safety
 required testing and appropriate labeling of our products. Internationally
 we are subject to the laws and regulatory authorities of the foreign jurisdictions in which we manufacture and sell our products
 including the Food Standards Agency in the United Kingdom and European Food Safety Authority which supports the European Commission
 as well as individual country
 province
 state and local regulations.  It is possible that regulations by these agencies and their interpretation thereof may change over time. As such
 there is a risk that our products could become non-compliant with the applicable regulations and any such non-compliance could harm our business. In addition
 we rely on independent certification of our non-GMO
 gluten-free and Kosher products and must comply with the requirements of independent organizations or certification authorities in order to label our products as such. Currently
 the FDA does not directly regulate the labeling of Kosher or non-GMO products as such. The FDA has defined the term &#8220;gluten-free&#8221; and we must comply with the FDA&#8217;s definition if we include this label on our products. Our products could lose their non-GMO and gluten-free certifications if our raw material suppliers lose their product certifications for those specified claims. We could also lose our Kosher product certification if a contract manufacturing plant is found to be in violation of required manufacturing or cleaning processes. The loss of any of these independent certifications
 including for reasons outside of our control
We also must comply with state rules and regulations
 including in California
 Proposition 65. Interpretation and application of such rules
 including potential differences in application on a state by state basis
 may give rise to uncertainty as to the appropriate labeling and formulation of our products.  In addition
We must expend resources to create consumer awareness
 build brand loyalty and generate interest in our products. In addition
 competitors may offer significant price reductions
Our ability to develop
 market and sell new and existing products at an appropriate price may be hampered by unfavorable terms of sale imposed by our customers
 the inability to obtain shelf space or preferable shelf placement for our products at a reasonable cost or
 once placed
 the failure to have an attractive price set for our products. Competitors
 many of whom have greater resources than us
 vie for the same shelf placement and may offer incentives to the retailers that we cannot match. In addition
Even if we do obtain shelf space or preferable shelf placement
 our new and existing products may fail to achieve the sales expectations set by our retailers
 potentially causing these retailers to remove our products from the shelf. Additionally
 an increase in the number and quality of private-label products in the product categories in which we compete could create more pressure for shelf space and placement for branded products within each such category
To obtain and keep shelf placement for our products
 we may need to increase our marketing and advertising spending in order to create consumer awareness
 protect and grow our existing market share or to promote new products
could impact our operating results. In addition
 we consistently evaluate our product lines to determine whether or not to discontinue certain products. Discontinuing product lines may increase our profitability but could reduce our sales and hurt our brand
Ingredient and packaging costs are volatile and may rise significantly
We purchase large quantities of raw materials
 including ingredients such as popcorn kernels
 white corn
 potatoes
 root vegetables
 sunflower oil
 canola oil
 whey protein
 oats
 seasonings and salt. In addition
 we purchase and use significant quantities of film and corrugate to package our products.  In recent periods
 the prices of yellow corn (which impacts the price of popcorn kernels)
 white corn
 canola oil
 sunflower oil and fuel have been priced below their respective historical five-year averages and we have realized some benefits from these low prices in the form of reduced cost of goods sold and resulting higher gross profit margins. Costs of ingredients and packaging are volatile and can fluctuate due to conditions that are difficult to predict
 including global competition for resources
 weather conditions
 natural or man-made disasters
 consumer demand and changes in governmental trade and agricultural programs.  In particular
 the availability
 quality and cost of our specific type of popcorn kernels
 potatoes and sunflower oil are subject to risks inherent to farming
 such as crop size
 quality and yield fluctuations caused by poor weather and growing conditions
We currently secure raw materials capacity and pricing for up to two years forward on certain raw materials and not more than a year forward on other raw materials.  We do not hedge pricing or availability of any raw materials.  As such
 any material upward movement in raw materials pricing could negatively impact our margins
 if we are not able to pass these costs on to our customers
 or sales if we are forced to increase our prices. Additionally
 should raw materials prices move meaningfully lower
 there is no guarantee our customers will not ask us to pass some or all of our savings on to them in the form of price reductions. If we are not successful in managing our ingredient and packaging costs
 if we are unable to increase our prices to cover increased costs or if such price increases reduce our sales volumes
 then such increases in costs will adversely affect our business
Certain of our raw material contracts have minimum purchase commitments that could require us to continue to purchase raw materials even if our sales have declined. Future raw material prices may be impacted by new laws or regulations
 suppliers&#8217; allocations to other purchasers
 interruptions in production by suppliers
 natural disasters
In addition
 we compete with other food producers in the procurement of ingredients
 such as sunflower oil
 which are often less plentiful in the open market than conventional ingredients. If supplies of our core ingredients are reduced or there is greater demand for such ingredients from us and others
 we may not be able to obtain sufficient supply on favorable terms
 or at all
 which could impact our ability to supply products to distributors and retailers and may adversely affect our business
We currently rely on third-party transportation providers for a significant portion of our product shipments. Our utilization of delivery services for shipments is subject to risks
 including increases in fuel prices
 which would increase our shipping costs
 and employee strikes and inclement weather
 which may impact the ability of providers to provide delivery services that adequately meet our shipping needs. We may
 from time to time
 change third-party transportation providers
 and we could therefore face logistical difficulties that could adversely affect deliveries. In addition
 we could incur costs and expend resources in connection with such change. Moreover
 we may not be able to obtain terms as favorable as those we receive from the third-party transportation providers that we currently use
Changes in consumer preferences and discretionary spending may have a material adverse effect on our brand loyalty
 net sales
We compete in a market that relies on innovation and evolving consumer preferences. We focus on products that are or are perceived to be BFY
 an industry term not defined by the Food and Drug Administration. However
processing industry in general
 and the snacking and dietary-need specific industries (including the Kosher
 major allergen-free
 organic and gluten-free industries) in particular
 are subject to changing consumer trends
 demands and preferences. Therefore
 products once considered BFY may over time become disfavored by consumers or no longer perceived as BFY. Trends within the food industry change often and our failure to anticipate
 identify or react to changes in these trends could
 among other things
 lead to reduced demand and price reductions
 and could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition. Factors that may affect consumer perception of BFY products include dietary trends and attention to different nutritional aspects of foods
 concerns regarding the health effects of specific ingredients and nutrients
 trends away from gluten-free or non-GMO products
 trends away from specific ingredients in products and increasing awareness of the environmental and social effects of product production. Consumer perceptions of the nutritional profile of gluten-free and non-GMO products may shift
 and consumers may perceive food products with fewer carbohydrates
 higher levels of protein
 lower levels of fat and additional fiber as BFY. Our success depends
 in part
 on our ability to anticipate the tastes and dietary habits of consumers and to offer products that appeal to their needs and preferences on a timely and affordable basis. A change in consumer discretionary spending
 due to economic downturn or other reasons may have a material effect on sales. If consumer demand for our products decline
The market for snack foods is large and intensely competitive. Competitive factors in the snack food industry include product quality and taste
 brand awareness among consumers
 access to supermarket shelf space
 price
 advertising and promotion
 innovation of on-trend snacks
 variety of snacks offered
 nutritional content
 product packaging and package design. We compete in that market principally on the basis of product taste and quality
 but also brand recognition and loyalty
 marketing
 advertising
 price and the ability to satisfy specific consumer dietary needs (including Kosher
 major allergen-free and gluten-free needs) against numerous multinational
 regional and local companies. With the international expansion of our BFY platform to include SkinnyPop and Tyrrells
 the competition risks associated with being on-trend and satisfying consumer dietary demands will increase. Substantial advertising and promotional expenditures may be required to maintain or improve a brand&#8217;s market position or to introduce a new product to the market
 and participants in our industry are engaging with new media
 including consumer outreach through social media and web-based channels. Our ability to compete may be also dependent on whether our products are placed in the BFY snack aisle or in the traditional snack food aisle
A substantial majority of sales in the snack food industry is concentrated among large food companies
 including Frito-Lay
 Inc. and Walkers
 subsidiaries of PepsiCo
 Inc.
 The Kellogg Company
 ConAgra Foods
 Inc.
 General Mills
 Inc.
 Snyder&#8217;s-Lance
 Inc. (including its subsidiary Kettle Foods Inc.) and others that have substantially greater financial and other resources than us and sell brands that are more widely recognized than ours.  These and numerous other companies that are actual or potential competitors of ours
 many of which have greater financial and other resources (including more employees and more extensive facilities) than us
 offer products similar to ours or a wider range of products than we offer.  Local or regional markets often have significant smaller competitors
 many of whom offer products similar to ours and may have unique ties to regional or national retail chains.  Additionally
 many of our retail customers
 such as Costco
 Whole Foods and our U.K. customers in particular have historically emphasized private-label offerings across categories as a key part of their strategy and these customers may create or expand competitive private-label product offerings. With expansion of our operations into new markets
 we have and will continue to encounter significant competition from multinational
 national
 regional and local competitors that may be greater than that encountered by us in our existing markets. In addition
All of our sales involve the sale of BFY snack food products
All of our sales involve the sale of products designed to be BFY snack food options. While BFY snack food products are currently popular and sales of such products have been increasing rapidly
 consumers may not continue to be interested in BFY snack food products. Consumers may in the future choose to purchase other products that they perceive to be BFY or more &#8220;trendy&#8221; at a future time. Consumers may prefer products with fewer carbohydrates
 higher levels of protein
 lower levels of certain nutrients including fat
 additional fiber or different nutritional characteristics that do not favor our products or sub-segments in general. In addition
 our business could be adversely affected if larger
 well-capitalized companies elect to either enter into the healthier snack food space or competed in irrational ways that could damage our margins
 or if lower-priced private-label products gain market share. We also face the risk that competitors may significantly improve the taste and quality of the BFY snack foods they sell that are competitive with our products. Additionally
certain new &#8220;on trend&#8221; attributes in our products
Our reputation as a producer of BFY products may be diminished due to real or perceived quality or health issues with our products or a change in consumers&#8217; perception of what is BFY itself
We believe consumers of our products rely on us to provide them with high-quality
 BFY food products containing no GMOs
 gluten or major allergens and is organic.  Concerns regarding the ingredients used in our products or the healthfulness
 safety or quality of our products or our supply chain may cause consumers to stop purchasing our products
 even if the basis for the concern is unfounded
 has been addressed or is outside of our control.  Although we believe we have a rigorous quality control process
 there can be no assurance that our products will always comply with the standards we set for our products.  Adverse publicity about the healthfulness
 safety or quality of our products
 whether or not ultimately based on fact
 may discourage consumers from buying our products and have an adverse effect on our brand
We have no control over our products once purchased by consumers.  Accordingly
 consumers may store our products for long periods of time
 which may adversely affect the quality of our products.  If consumers do not perceive our products to be of high quality
 then the value of our brand would be diminished
 and our business
Any loss of confidence on the part of consumers in the ingredients used in our products or in the safety and quality of our products may be difficult and costly to overcome.  Any such adverse effect could be exacerbated by our position in the market as a purveyor of high-quality
 BFY food products and may significantly reduce our brand value.  Issues regarding the safety of any of our products
 regardless of the cause
 may have a substantial and adverse effect on our brand
Our SkinnyPop brand is of significant value and our brand and reputation may be diminished due to possible consumer disagreement with the use of the word &#8220;Skinny&#8221; on our product
 differences in opinion as to what products are &#8220;Skinny&#8221; or increased negative connotation with the word &#8220;Skinny&#8221;.  We may be subject to claims or litigation concerning our branding or labeling practices.  Food product companies are
 from time to time
 subject to class action lawsuits related their branding or labeling. In 2014
 we settled one such lawsuit for a nominal amount.  Related or similar claims or lawsuits may be brought against us in the future.  Additionally
 changes in applicable laws or regulations
 or evolving interpretations thereof
 could necessitate changes to our branding or labeling.  While we have never claimed that SkinnyPop is a low-fat product
 the FDA and FTC currently have no definition of the word &#8220;Skinny&#8221; and could
 in the future
Consumers&#8217; loyalty to our brands may change due to factors beyond our control
Our business currently depends in a large part on repeat purchases by the same consumers.  We believe this purchasing pattern is indicative of brand loyalty.  However
 these consumers are under no obligation to continue to repeatedly purchase our product and could stop purchasing our product at any time.  These consumers could cease purchasing our product for any number of reasons
 some of which are beyond our control
 including changing consumer trends
 negative publicity regarding our brand
 real or perceived quality or health issues with our products
 a change in consumers&#8217; perception of BFY
 or the availability of lower priced alternative snack products
We are subject to competition from companies
 including from some of our customers
 that either currently manufacture or are developing products directly in competition with our products.  These generic or store-branded products may be a less expensive option for consumers than our products making it more difficult to sell our product.  For example
 Costco is well known for its Kirkland Signature brand
 which offers high-quality products across a variety of categories at lower price points than many branded products.  The development of competing Kirkland Signature products may cause Costco to decrease their orders of our products
 require us to reduce the pricing of our products or drive Costco to change the shelf placement of our products in a detrimental way. Kroger
 one of our largest customers
 already competes with us through their Simple Truth RTE popcorn brand.  Within the United Kingdom
 our largest customers Tesco
 Lidl
 Sainsbury and Coop
 purchase both branded and private labeling offerings from us. If these customers ceased to purchase our branded products or selected another third-party manufacturer for their private label products
 our financial results could be adversely effected. Similarly
 other large retail customers could follow similar private-label strategies. Our Tyrrells' brands and their international subsidiaries face significant competition from private label brands as most of their customers have a private label offering
 some of which are manufactured by Tyrrells and their subsidiaries. In future years
 we may experience competition-induced pricing pressure from our customers due to such competition
If our brand or reputation is damaged
 the attractive characteristics that we offer retailers may diminish
We are currently an attractive brand for our customers because our products generate a high level of retail sales at a premium margin relative to their shelf space. This is due to both our premium price point and our sales velocity. If our brand or reputation is damaged for any reason
 consumers may no longer be willing to pay a premium price for our products and we may no longer be able to generate a high sales velocity at our then-current prices. If we no longer offer these characteristics
 customers may decrease their orders of our products and downgrade the in-store placement of our products
Our gross profit margins may be impacted by a variety of factors
 including but not limited to variations in raw materials pricing
 retail customer requirements and mix
We have operated our company with strong gross profit margins as compared to other food and snacking companies.  While we expect our gross profit to increase in absolute dollars in future periods
 we expect that our gross profit as a percentage of net sales will decrease as a result of the competitive and other factors described herein. Our gross profit is impacted by a number of factors
 including product pricing
 raw material
 labor
 packaging and fuel costs. Our Paqui
 Oatmega and Tyrrells Group brands typically operate at lower gross margins than our SkinnyPop products
 primary due to ingredient costs. Should the competitive dynamic change in our industry (which could impact our margins through forces including but not limited to requiring us to alter our pricing strategy or requiring additional promotional activity)
 raw materials prices increase dramatically
 or any of our customer relationships change materially
 then we may not be able to continue to operate at our current margins. Additionally
 should unforeseen events require our company to make significant and unplanned investments in additional infrastructure or marketing activities
We sell products for human consumption
 which involves risks such as product contamination or spoilage
 product tampering
 other adulteration
 mislabeling and misbranding. Under certain circumstances
 we may be required to
 or may voluntarily
 recall or withdraw products. A widespread product recall or product withdrawal may negatively and significantly impact our sales and profitability for a period of time and could result in significant losses depending on the costs of the recall
 the destruction of product inventory
 product availability
 competitive reaction and customer and consumer reaction. We may also be subject to claims or lawsuits resulting in liability for actual or claimed injuries
 illness or death. Any of these events may result in a material adverse effect on our business. Even if a product liability claim or lawsuit is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued
 the negative publicity surrounding any assertion that our products caused illness or physical harm could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential customers and consumers and our corporate and brand image. Moreover
insurance or by any rights of indemnity or contribution that we may have against others. We maintain product liability insurance in an amount that we believe to be adequate. However
 we cannot be sure that we will not incur claims or liabilities for which we are not insured or that exceed the amount of our insurance coverage. A product liability judgment against us or a product recall could have a material adverse effect on our business
 consolidated financial condition
From time to time
 we may be party to various claims and litigation proceedings. We evaluate these claims and litigation proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate
 if possible
 the amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments and estimates
 we establish reserves
For example
 in 2014
 a putative class action lawsuit was filed against our Predecessor related to the compliance of its product labels with various state and federal laws. The case settled for a nominal amount and was later dismissed with prejudice in July 2014 after SkinnyPop Popcorn LLC updated its product labels. From time to time
 we have received threats by plaintiffs&#8217; attorneys to bring similar class action lawsuits related to other alleged product label claims
 including relating to the BFY nature of our products. For example
There is an additional risk that these types of suits may lead to consumer confusion
 distrust and additional legal challenges for companies faced with them. Should we become subject to related or additional unforeseen lawsuits
 including claims related to our products or their labeling or advertising
 consumers may avoid purchasing our products or seek alternative products
 even if the basis for the claims against us is unfounded. Additionally
 adverse publicity about any lawsuit in which we are involved may further discourage consumers from buying our products. Any loss of confidence on the part of consumers in the truthfulness of our labeling or ingredient claims would be difficult and costly to overcome and may significantly reduce our brand value. Uncertainty as to the ingredients used in our products
 regardless of the cause
 may have a substantial and adverse effect on our brand and our business
 results of operations and financial condition. In addition
We have also been a party to several claims and proceedings in both the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and federal court regarding competitors&#8217; attempted or actual infringement of the &#8220;SKINNYPOP&#8221; trademark.  Each of these proceedings has resulted in a resolution whereby the competitor has expressly acknowledged our exclusive trademark rights to use &#8220;SKINNY&#8221; with respect to popcorn products. In some instances
 however
 we have expressly acknowledged the competitor&#8217;s rights to the term &#8220;SKINNY&#8221; with respect to non-popcorn snack foods.  Additional matters may continue to arise from time to time where other competitors use the term &#8220;SKINNY&#8221; to refer to their products
Our ability to compete effectively depends in part upon protection of our rights in trademarks
 trade dress
 copyrights and other intellectual property rights we own or license. Our use of contractual provisions
 confidentiality procedures and agreements
 and trademark
 copyright
 unfair competition
 trade secret and other laws to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights may not be adequate. For example
 we may not be able to preclude third parties from using the term &#8220;SKINNY&#8221; with respect to food or beverage products
 and may not be able to leverage our branding beyond our current product offerings. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights and protect our proprietary information
 or to defend against claims by third parties that our products or our use of intellectual property infringe their intellectual property rights. Any litigation or claims brought by or against us could result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources. A successful claim of trademark
 copyright or other intellectual property infringement against us could prevent us from providing our products
 which could harm our business
 financial condition or results of operations. In addition
 a breakdown in our internal policies and procedures may lead to an unintentional disclosure of our proprietary
 confidential or material non-public information
 which could in turn harm our business
We may not be successful in implementing our growth strategy
 including without limitation
 enhancing our brand recognition
 increasing distribution of our products
 attracting new consumers to our brands
 and introducing new products and product extensions
Our future success depends in large part on our ability to implement our growth strategy
 including without limitation
 enhancing our brand recognition
 increasing distribution of our products
 attracting new consumers to our brands
 driving repeat purchase of our products and introducing new products and product extensions.  Our ability to implement our growth strategy depends
 among other things
 on our ability to develop new products
 identify and acquire additional product lines and businesses
 secure shelf space in grocery stores and supermarkets
 increase customer awareness of our brands
 enter into distribution and other strategic arrangements with third-party retailers and other potential distributors of our products and compete with numerous other companies and products.  In late 2014 and early 2015
 SkinnyPop achieved significant distribution gains with some of the largest U.S. retail chains
 including Walmart
 Target and CVS Pharmacy. We cannot provide assurances to you that these customers will achieve performances comparable to our more seasoned retail customers nor that we will continue to expand retail distribution by adding more retail locations or SKU varieties as we have done with several other key customers in the past. We also cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully implement our growth strategy and continue to maintain growth in our sales. If we fail to implement our growth strategy
In April 2015
 April 2016
 and September 2016 we acquired Paqui
 Boundless Nutrition
 and Tyrrells Group respectively.  In addition
 we plan to selectively pursue acquisitions in the future to continue to grow and increase our profitability.  Our acquisition strategy is based on identifying and acquiring brands with products that complement our existing products and identifying and acquiring brands in new categories and in new geographies for purposes of expanding our platform of healthier snacks.  Although we regularly evaluate multiple acquisition candidates
 we cannot be certain that we will be able to successfully identify suitable acquisition candidates
 negotiate acquisitions of identified candidates on terms acceptable to us
Acquisitions involve numerous risks and uncertainties
 including intense competition for suitable acquisition targets
 which could increase prices and/or adversely affect our ability to consummate deals on favorable or acceptable terms
 the potential unavailability of financial resources necessary to consummate acquisitions in the future
 the risk that we improperly value and price a target
 the potential inability to identify all of the risks and liabilities inherent in a target company notwithstanding our due diligence efforts
 the diversion of management&#8217;s attention from the operations of our business and strain on our existing personnel
 increased leverage due to additional debt financing that may be required to complete an acquisition
 dilution of our stockholder&#8217;s net current book value per share if we issue additional equity securities to finance an acquisition
In addition
 any future acquisitions may pose risks associated with entry into new geographic markets
 including outside the United States
 distribution channels
 lines of business or product categories
regions where we have greater familiarity and brand recognition. Potential acquisitions may also entail significant transaction costs and require a significant amount of management time
In addition
 even when acquisitions
 such as the acquisition of Paqui
 Boundless Nutrition
 and Tyrrells Group are completed
 integration of acquired entities can involve significant difficulties
 such as failure to achieve financial or operating objectives with respect to an acquisition
 strain on our personnel
 systems and operational and managerial controls and procedures
 the need to modify systems or to add management resources
 difficulties in the integration and retention of customers or personnel and the integration and effective deployment of operations or technologies
 amortization of acquired assets (which would reduce future reported earnings)
 possible adverse short-term effects on cash flows or operating results
 diversion of management&#8217;s attention from the operations of our business
 integrating personnel with diverse backgrounds and organizational cultures
The food industry and retailers in the grocery industry use new products as a way of creating excitement and variety of choices in order to attract consumers. Therefore
 a key element of our growth strategy is to introduce new products and to successfully innovate our existing products and to keep up with changing consumer tastes and trends. Success in product development is affected by our ability to anticipate consumer preferences
 to leverage our research and development capabilities
The development and introduction of new products requires substantial research and development and marketing expenditures
 which we may be unable to recover if the new products do not achieve commercial success and gain widespread market acceptance. Product innovation may also result in increased costs resulting from the use of new manufacturing techniques
 capital expenditures
 new raw materials and ingredients
 new product formulas and possibly new manufacturers. There may also be regulatory restrictions on the production and advertising of our new products
 and our new products may cannibalize sales of our existing products. In addition
Further
 new products may not achieve success in the marketplace
 due to lack of demand
 failure to meet consumer tastes or otherwise. If we are unsuccessful in our product innovation efforts and demand for our products declines
Slotting fees and customer charges or charge-backs for promotion allowances
 cooperative advertising and damaged
Retailers in the grocery industry charge slotting fees for access to shelf space and often enter into promotional and advertising arrangements with manufacturers that result in the sharing of promotional and advertising costs among the retail customer
 distributor or manufacturer. As the retail grocery industry has consolidated and become more competitive
 retail customers have sought greater participation by manufacturers in cooperative promotional and advertising arrangements
 and are more inclined to pass on unanticipated increases in promotional and advertising costs to manufacturers. Additionally
 retailers are exhibiting a greater willingness to take deductions for damaged
 undelivered and unsold products or to return unsold products to manufacturers. If we are charged significant and unanticipated promotional allowances or advertising charges by retail customers
 or if our customers take substantial charge-backs or return material amounts of our products
 the operating results and liquidity of our business could be harmed
 perhaps substantially. Moreover
 an unresolved disagreement with a retail customer concerning promotional allowances
 advertising charges
 charge-backs or returns could significantly disrupt or cause the termination of a customer relationship
 immediately reducing our sales and liquidity. Because of the limited number of retail customers in the U.S. grocery market
Changes in retail distribution arrangements can result in the temporary loss of retail shelf space and disrupt sales of food products
From time to time
 retailers change distribution centers that supply some of their retail stores. If a new distribution center has not previously distributed our products in that region
 it may take time to get a retailer&#8217;s distribution center to begin distributing new products in its region. Even if a retailer approves the distribution of products in a new region
 product sales may decline while the transition in distribution takes place. If we do not get approval to have our products offered in a new distribution region or if getting this approval takes longer than anticipated
Fluctuations in our results of operations from quarter to quarter because of changes in our promotional activities may impact
 and may have a disproportionate effect on
Our business is subject to quarterly fluctuations due to the timing of and demand for customer-driven promotional activities
 which may have a disproportionate effect on our results of operations.  Historically
 we have offered a variety of sales and promotion incentives to our customers and to consumers
 such as price discounts
 consumer coupons
 volume rebates
 cooperative marketing programs
While we expect our net sales to increase in absolute dollars in future periods
 we expect that our net sales growth rate will not keep pace with our net sales growth rate in prior periods
Historical quarter-to-quarter and period-over-period comparisons of our sales and operating results are not necessarily indicative of future quarter-to-quarter and period-over-period results.  The national launch of our Paqui brand in 2016
 our acquisition of Boundless Nutrition in April 2016
Many aspects of our business have been
 and may continue to be
 directly affected by fuel costs. Increased fuel costs result in increased costs for the products and services we receive from our third-party providers including
 but not limited to
 increased distribution costs for our products and increased packaging costs. As the cost of doing business increases
 we may not be able to pass these higher costs on to our customers and
 therefore
 any such cost increases may adversely affect our earnings. In addition
Changes in the legal and regulatory environment could limit our business activities
 increase our operating costs
The conduct of our businesses
 including the production
 storage
 distribution
 sale
 display
 advertising
 marketing
 labeling
 health and safety practices
 transportation and use of many of our products
 are subject to various laws and regulations administered by federal
 state and local governmental agencies in the United States
 as well as to laws and regulations administered by government entities and agencies outside the United States in markets in which our products or components thereof (such as packaging) may be made
 manufactured or sold. These laws and regulations and interpretations thereof may change
 sometimes dramatically
 as a result of a variety of factors
 including political
laws and programs aimed at reducing
increased regulatory scrutiny of
 and increased litigation involving
 product claims and concerns regarding the effects on health of ingredients in
 or attributes of
taxation requirements
New laws
 regulations or governmental policy and their related interpretations
 or changes in any of the foregoing
 including taxes or other limitations on the sale of our products
 ingredients contained in our products or commodities used in the production of our products
 may alter the environment in which we do business and
 therefore
Loss of our key management or other personnel
 or an inability to attract and retain such management and other personnel
Our success is substantially dependent on the continued service of certain members of our senior management
 including Thomas Ennis
 our Chief Executive Officer (CEO); Brian Goldberg our current Chief Financial Officer (CFO) (who will transition to Chief Strategy Officer in 2017) and other senior executives including David Milner
 our International President and Executive Vice President (EVP). These executives have been primarily responsible for determining the strategic direction of our business and for executing our growth strategy and are integral to our brand and culture
 and the reputation we enjoy with suppliers
 contract manufacturers
 distributors
 retailers and consumers. The loss of the services of any of these executives could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects
 as we may not be able to find suitable individuals to replace them on a timely basis
 if at all. In addition
 any such departure could be viewed in a negative light by investors and analysts
 which may cause the price of our common stock to decline.  We have employment agreements with our key senior executives
 including our CEO
 CFO
 and EVP and International President and EVP.  However
 we do not maintain key-person life insurance with respect to any of them.  We also had employment agreements with each of our founders
 which expired on December 31
 2015.  In the year ended December 31
Additionally
 we also depend on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel to operate and expand our business. If we fail to attract talented new employees
As a result of our rapid growth over the past few years
We have experienced rapid growth in the past few years
 which involves various risks related to ensuring that our infrastructure and personnel are sufficient to meet the growing demand for our products.  For example
 we must seek to identify our personnel needs in light of expected demand for our products
 and we will need to identify
 recruit
 train and retain qualified employees in order to serve this anticipated demand
 in all areas of our operations.  Because we may hire additional employees in order to meet potential future needs and to ensure that our sales growth does not outgrow our infrastructure
 we may experience higher levels of costs of goods sold and general and administrative expense as we build this infrastructure.  While we do not anticipate extensive management needs
 as we grow
 we may add additional layers of management
 process and bureaucracy into our governing structure. In doing so
In addition
 with sales and demand growing rapidly
 we need to ensure that we have sufficient manufacturing capacity
 both internal capacity and manufacturing arrangements
 to meet actual and potential demand for our products. This could require us to make significant capital expenditure investments in order to make sure we have sufficient manufacturing capacity. For example
 with the acquisition of Tyrrells Group
 we added four manufacturing facilities located in the United Kingdom
 Germany and Australia. If growth does not materialize as planned
There can be no assurance that we will be successful in all of these efforts
We have a limited operating history
We have been in operation since 2010.  However
 we only have four years of available audited consolidated financial statements.  Our relatively limited available historical financial information does not necessarily reflect our future financial position
 results of operations
 or cash flows
 and the occurrence of any of the risks discussed in this &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; section
 or any other event
 could cause our future financial position
 results of operations
 or cash flows to materially differ from our historical financial information.  While we have been profitable in the past
 we cannot assure you that our profits will continue
We rely on information technology systems
 and any inadequacy
 failure
We are dependent on various information technology systems
 including
 but not limited to
 networks
 applications and outsourced services in connection with the operation of our business. A failure of our information technology systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and result in transaction errors
 processing inefficiencies and sales losses
 causing our business to suffer. In addition
 our information technology systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from circumstances beyond our control
 including fire
 natural disasters
 systems failures
In addition
 we sell our products over the internet through third-party websites
 including those operated by Amazon.com. The website operations of such third parties may be affected by reliance on other third-party hardware and software providers
 technology changes
 risks related to the failure of computer systems through which these website operations are conducted
 telecommunications failures
 electronic break-ins and similar disruptions. Furthermore
Further
 because of our rapid growth
 we need to ensure that we have sufficient personnel to manage our growing IT infrastructure
 and that our systems generate sufficient information and reports so that our management team can better anticipate future business needs. As we grow
Our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and ability to operate our company
As of December 31
 2016
 and December 31
 2015
 we had outstanding indebtedness in the aggregate principal amount of $614.9&#160;million and $201.1 million
 respectively.  Our debt level and the terms of our financing arrangements could adversely affect our financial condition and limit our ability to successfully implement our growth strategy.  In addition
Our ability to meet our debt service obligations will depend on our future performance
 which will be affected by the other risk factors described herein. If we do not generate enough cash flow to pay our debt service obligations
 we may be required to refinance all or part of our existing debt
 sell our assets
 borrow more money or raise equity. There is no guarantee that we will be able to take any of these actions on a timely basis
 on terms satisfactory to us
Our outstanding indebtedness under the Credit Agreement bears interest at variable rates. If market interest rates increase
 variable rate debt will create higher debt service requirements
We are required to comply with certain financial maintenance covenants pursuant to the Credit Agreement as of the end of each fiscal quarter
 including a total funded debt ratio and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. The Credit Agreement contains other negative incurrence-based covenants that
 among other things
Should we be in default under any of such covenants
 Jefferies Finance LLC shall have the right
 upon written notice and after the expiration of any applicable period during which such default may be cured
 to demand immediate payment of all of the then-unpaid principal and accrued but unpaid interest under the Credit Agreement and would permit lenders to foreclose upon the collateral securing the debt. As of December 31
 2016
As we execute our business strategy
 we may not be able to remain in compliance with our financial covenants because various risks
 uncertainties and events beyond our control could affect our ability to comply with these covenants. These restrictions on the operation of our business through the requirement that we meet certain ratios to take certain actions could harm us by
 among other things
 limiting our ability to take advantage of financing
 merger and acquisition opportunities and other corporate opportunities. Additionally
 any acceleration of the borrowings under the Credit Agreement prior to the applicable maturity dates could have a material adverse effect upon our business
Our TRA will require us to make cash payments to a counterparty in respect of certain tax benefits to which we may become entitled
In August 2015
 we entered into the TRA with the former holders of units of Topco
 our former parent entity.  In December 2015
 all of the former holders of units of Topco collectively assigned their interests to a new counterparty.  Pursuant to the TRA
 we are required to make cash payments to the counterparty equal to 85% of the tax benefits
 if any
 that we actually realize
 or in some circumstances are deemed to realize
The amount of the cash payments that we are required to make under the TRA is expected to be significant.  Assuming no material changes in the relevant tax law and that we earn sufficient taxable income to realize all tax benefits that are subject to the TRA
 we expect that the future reduction in tax payments for us associated with the federal
 state and local tax benefits described above would aggregate to approximately $104.7&#160;million through 2030.  Under such scenario
 we would be required to pay the counterparty 85% of such amount
Payments under the TRA may vary from the foregoing estimates and will be based on the tax reporting positions that we determine internally and based on the advice of our tax advisers.  Any payments made by us to the counterparty under the TRA will generally reduce the amount of overall cash flow that might have otherwise been available to us.  If the Internal Revenue Service (IRS)
 were to successfully challenge the tax benefits that give rise to any payments under the TRA
 our future payments under the TRA to the counterparty would be reduced by the amount of such payments
Our obligation to make timely payments under the TRA is not conditioned upon
 and will not be modified based upon
 our historical net income for any previous period or our ability to generate net income in any future period.  If
 however
 we fail to make any payments on a timely basis under the TRA because we do not have sufficient funds to make such payment despite using reasonable best efforts to obtain funds to make such payment (including by causing our subsidiaries to distribute or lend funds to us for such payment and accessing any sources of available credit to fund such payment)
timely payments under the TRA for this or any other reason
Furthermore
 our future obligation to make payments under the TRA could make us a less attractive target for an acquisition
 particularly in the case of an acquirer that cannot use some or all of the tax benefits that may be deemed realized under the TRA.  Unless earlier terminated in accordance with its terms
 the TRA will continue in force and effect until there is no further potential for tax benefit payments to be made by us to the counterparty in respect of the U.S. federal
Based on current tax rules and regulations as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
Disruptions in the worldwide economy may adversely affect our business
 results of operations
Adverse and uncertain economic conditions may impact distributor
 retailer and consumer demand for our products. In addition
 our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our suppliers
 contract manufacturers
 distributors
 retailers
 consumers and creditors may suffer. Consumers may shift purchases to lower-priced or other perceived value offerings during economic downturns
 making it more difficult to sell our premium products. During economic downturns
 it may be more difficult to convince consumers to switch to our brands or convince new users to choose our brands without expensive sampling programs and price promotions. In particular
 consumers may reduce the amount of products with no GMOs
 gluten
 or preservatives that they purchase when there are conventional offerings of similar products
 which generally have lower retail prices. In addition
 consumers may choose to purchase private-label products rather than branded products because they are generally less expensive. Distributors and retailers may become more conservative in response to these conditions and seek to reduce their inventories. For example
 during the economic downturn from 2007 through 2009
 distributors and retailers significantly reduced their inventories. Our results of operations depend upon
 among other things
 our ability to maintain and increase sales volume with our existing distributors and retailers
We have significant goodwill
&#32;of our total assets as of December 31
 2016
 and 2015
 respectively.  Our acquisition of Tyrrells Group in September 2016 increased this amount and any future acquisitions
 could also increase this amount.  Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. In accordance with GAAP
 we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting unit is less than their carrying amounts as a basis to determine whether it is necessary to perform the goodwill impairment test
 which we perform annually in the third fiscal quarter and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of goodwill may not be recoverable. Future events that may trigger impairment include
 but are not limited to
 significant adverse change in customer demand
 the business climate or a significant decrease in expected cash flows. When impaired
 the carrying value of goodwill is written down to fair value. In the event that an impairment to goodwill is identified
 an immediate charge to earnings would be recorded
We have significant indefinite-lived intangible assets
&#32;of our total assets as of December 31
 2016
 and 2015
 respectively. Our acquisition of Tyrrells Group in 2016 increased this amount and any future acquisitions could also increase this amount.  Indefinite-lived intangibles are tested for impairment annually in the third fiscal quarter and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets may not be recoverable.  When impaired
 the carrying value of indefinite-lived intangible assets is written down to fair value. In the event that an impairment is identified
 an immediate charge to earnings would be recorded
We are represented by approximately 25 sales agents who represent almost all of our product line to supermarkets and food stores in North America. There are a very limited number of national sales agents in the snack food industry. Our agreements with these agents are terminable by either us or them after satisfaction of a short notice period. The termination of these agreements would require us to seek other sales agents
 likely causing significant disruption to our business
We currently outsource the manufacturing of all of our products other than Tyrrells Group brand products to four third-party co-manufacturers and we expect that we will continue to outsource the manufacturing of all of our products other than Tyrrells Group brand products to one or more third-party manufacturers in the future. We do not consider employees of these third-party manufacturers to be our employees. As such
 we do not withhold federal or state income or other employment related taxes
 make federal or state unemployment tax or Federal Insurance Contributions Act payments
 provide workers&#8217; compensation insurance or other employee-related benefits with respect to these manufacturers&#8217; employees. Recently
 there has been an increase in litigation against companies across industries claiming that certain individuals associated with outsourced business functions should be considered employees. Although we are not unique in our outsourcing of certain aspects of our business
 such as manufacturing operations
 to third parties
 there is a risk that such claims may be brought against us. This risk would be increased to the extent that any of the employees of our third-party manufacturers work exclusively on the manufacture of our products. In the event of a determination by a court
 federal or state taxing authorities or other relevant governmental authorities that the employees of our third-party manufacturers constitute our employees
Our stock price may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance
The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors
 most of which we cannot control
the public&#8217;s response to press releases or other public announcements by us or third parties
 including our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission
economic
any future guidance we may provide to the public
future sales of our common stock by our officers
In addition
 the stock markets
 including the NYSE
 have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. In the past
 stockholders have instituted securities class action litigation following periods of market volatility. If we were involved in securities litigation
Future sales of our common stock
 or the perception in the public markets that these sales may occur
The market price of our common stock could decline significantly as a result of sales of a large number of shares of our common stock in the market in the future. These sales
 or the perception that these sales might occur
 could depress the market price of our common stock. We previously filed a shelf registration statement on November 28
 2016. These sales
 or the possibility that these sales may occur
Additionally
 the shares of common stock subject to outstanding options and restricted stock awards under our equity incentive plans and the shares reserved for future issuance under our equity incentive plans will become eligible for sale in the public market in the future
Also
 in the future
Concentration of ownership among our existing executive officers
 directors and principal stockholders
 and our stockholders agreement with TA Associates
As of December 31
 2016
 our directors
 officers and holders of 10% or more of our outstanding stock beneficially owned
 in the aggregate
 approximately 57.5% of our outstanding common stock.  As a result
 these stockholders are able to exercise significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval
 including the election of directors
 amendment of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions and will have significant control over our management and policies. This concentration of influence could be disadvantageous to other stockholders with interests different from those of the principal stockholders. As a result of these ownership positions
 these stockholders could take actions that have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of us or discouraging others from making tender offers for our shares
In addition
 we and entities affiliated with TA Associates have entered into a stockholders agreement
 which we refer to as our stockholders agreement. Under our stockholders agreement
 TA Associates has the right to designate three of the members of our board of directors if TA Associates owns at least 50% or more of the shares they held immediately following our IPO regardless of the percentage such shares represent of our total outstanding shares
 two members of our board of directors if TA Associates owns between 25% and 50% of the shares they held immediately following our IPO regardless of the percentage such shares represent of our total outstanding shares
Our stockholders agreement also provides that so long as the entities affiliated with TA Associates hold at least 25% of the shares they held immediately following our IPO regardless of the percentage such shares represent of our total outstanding shares
 we
 and our subsidiaries
issue
 create or assume any debt or equity security or debt obligation
 or refinance
 repurchase or prepay any security (other than repurchases of our common stock in accordance with agreements previously approved by our board of directors
pay or declare any dividend or make any distribution on
 or repurchase or redeem shares of our common stock (other than repurchases of our common stock in accordance with agreements previously approved by our board of directors
effect any sale
 liquidation or dissolution of the Company
 or sell
 transfer or otherwise dispose of any of the material assets or properties of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
 or merge with or into
 or consolidate with
 another entity or effect any recapitalization
 reorganization
 change of form of organization
 forward or reverse split
acquire any business
 material assets or property for consideration in excess of $15
000
000
 whether by acquisition of assets
 capital stock or otherwise
 and whether in consideration of the payment of cash
issuance of capital stock or otherwise or make any investment in any person or entity in an amount in excess of $15
000
hire or terminate any our executive officers
 or enter into
 amend or modify
take any action to initiate
 to cause or that would result in
 the voluntary bankruptcy
 insolvency
 dissolution
Accordingly
 our stockholders agreement will limit our ability to engage in significant transactions
 such as a merger
 acquisition or liquidation. Conflicts of interest could arise between us and TA Associates
If we fail to establish and maintain effective internal controls in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 or if we fail to successfully integrate acquired businesses (including the Tyrrells Group business) into our internal controls processes and procedures
As a public company
 we are required to document and test our internal control procedures in order to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  Beginning with this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 we will be required to provide annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting.  Additionally
 as of the date we are no longer an &#8220;emerging growth company&#8221; we will require a report by our independent registered public accounting firm that addresses the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. We may not be able to conclude that we have effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 and
 when applicable to us
 our independent registered public accounting firm may not be able or willing to issue an unqualified report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. If we identify any deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting
 any remediation measures or efforts we undertake to address such deficiencies or material weaknesses might not be successful to the extent we expect
 or at all.  If we are unable to successfully remediate any identified deficiencies or material weaknesses
 our ability to report our financial results on a timely and accurate basis may be adversely affected
 we may be subject to sanctions or investigations by regulatory authorities
 and investors may lose confidence in our financial information
If and when we acquire new businesses
 we will also be required to integrate those acquired businesses into our consolidated internal controls processes and procedures and determine whether our consolidated internal control environment is effective.  If we acquire businesses that are private companies at the time of acquisition and which are not previously subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 or other similar regulations requiring effective internal controls over financial reporting
In accordance with guidance issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission
 we are permitted to exclude acquisitions from our assessment of internal control over financial reporting for the first fiscal year in which the acquisition occurs.  For example
 our management&#8217;s evaluation of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2016
 as reported in Item 9A in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 excludes the internal control activities of Crisps Topco Limited and its subsidiaries (Tyrrells Group).  Our management will be required to include the internal control activities of the Tyrrells Group in its evaluation of our consolidated internal controls under Section 404 in 2017.  During the course of integrating the Tyrrells Group operations within our internal control structure and testing and evaluating internal controls at the Tyrrells Group
 we may identify deficiencies or material weaknesses.  If we are unable to successfully remediate any identified deficiencies or material weaknesses
 our ability to report our financial results on a timely and accurate basis may be adversely affected
 we may be subject to sanctions or investigations by regulatory authorities
 and investors may lose confidence in our financial information
Our costs will increase significantly as a result of operating as a public company
As a public company with SEC reporting
 regulatory and stock exchange listing requirements
 we are incurring additional legal
 accounting
 compliance and other expenses that we did not incur historically. We are obligated to file with the SEC annual and quarterly information and other reports that are specified in Section&#160;13 and other sections of the Exchange Act
 and therefore need to have the ability to prepare consolidated financial statements that are compliant with all SEC reporting requirements on a timely basis. In addition
 we are subject to other reporting and corporate governance requirements
 including certain requirements of the and certain provisions of Sarbanes-Oxley and the regulations promulgated thereunder
We are an emerging growth company
We are an emerging growth company (EGC)
 as defined in the JOBS Act
 and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not EGCs
 including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section&#160;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result
 there may be a less active trading market for our common stock
Although the JOBS Act permits an EGC such as us to take advantage of an extended transition period to comply with new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies
 we have chosen to &#8220;opt out&#8221; of this provision
 and
 as a result
If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish unfavorable research about our business
The trading market for our common stock is influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of our company or fails to publish reports on us regularly
 we could lose visibility in the financial markets
 which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. Moreover
 if our operating results do not meet the expectations of the investor community
 one or more of the analysts who cover our company may change their recommendations regarding our company
Provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
 amended and restated bylaws
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
 amended and restated bylaws and provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware
 or the DGCL
 to which we are subject contain provisions that could discourage
 delay
For as long as TA Associates continues to own a substantial number of shares of our common stock
 representing a substantial number of votes entitled to be cast by holders of our common stock
 it will have the ability to control decisions regarding an acquisition of us by a third party that are subject to a vote of our stockholders. In addition
 our stockholders agreement provides that so long as the entities affiliated with TA Associates hold at least 25% of the shares they held immediately following our IPO regardless of the percentage such shares represent of our total outstanding shares
 we
 and our subsidiaries
 shall not
 without the approval of at least one director designated by TA Associates
 amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws or effect any sale
 liquidation or dissolution of the Company
 or sell
 transfer or otherwise dispose of any of the material assets or properties of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. Accordingly
 even though TA Associates may own a small percentage of our total outstanding shares of our common stock
In addition
 our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
 amended and restated bylaws and the DGCL contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us without the consent of our board of directors. These provisions include a classified board of directors with each class serving three-year staggered terms
 restrictions on the ability of our stockholders to remove directors
 the inability of our stockholders to fill vacancies on our board of directors
 in certain instances supermajority voting requirements for stockholders to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws
 prohibition on action by our stockholders by written consent
 advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations
 and the inability of our stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders. In addition
 our board of directors has the right to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval
 which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer. Moreover
 we are subject to the restrictions on business combinations set forth in Section&#160;203 of the DGCL
 which generally will prohibit us from engaging in a business combination with a person who owns in excess of 15% of our outstanding voting stock for a period of three years after the time of the transaction in which the person acquired in excess of 15% of our outstanding voting stock
 unless
 among other exceptions
 the transaction is approved in a prescribed manner. Although we believe these provisions protect our stockholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics and thereby provide for an opportunity to receive a higher bid by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors
As of December 31
 2016
 we had outstanding 76
786
000 shares of our common stock
 including 2
948
995 shares of restricted stock.  In the future
 we may sell additional shares of our common stock or securities convertible into our common stock to raise capital or issue additional shares of our common stock or securities convertible into our common stock as consideration for future acquisitions
 which would dilute the voting power and ownership percentage of our stockholders.  We cannot predict the size of future issuances of our common stock or securities convertible into our common stock or the effect
 if any
 that such future issuances might have on the market price for our common stock.  The issuance and sale of substantial amounts of our common stock or securities convertible into our common stock
 or the perception that such issuances and sales may occur
Our corporate headquarters are located in Austin
 Texas.  A summary of our physical properties as of December 31
 2016
Austin
11
Corporate headquarters
 supply chain
 sales and marketing
Austin
14
Skokie
2
Former call center
54
European headquarters
 manufacturing
 warehouse
 supply chain
33
Manufacturing
9
Manufacturing
 warehouse
 supply chain
59
Manufacturing
 warehouse
 supply chain
From time to time
 we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. We have received
 and may in the future continue to receive
 claims from third parties asserting
 among other things
 infringement of their intellectual property rights. Future litigation may be necessary to defend ourselves
 our partners and our customers by determining the scope
 enforceability and validity of third-party proprietary rights or to establish our proprietary rights. The results of any current or future litigation cannot be predicted with certainty and regardless of the outcome
 litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs
 diversion of management resources
Item 5.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Market for Registrant's Common Equity
Shares of our common stock are listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol BETR and have been so traded since our IPO on August 5
Period from August 5
 2015 to September 30
Quarter ended December 31
Quarter ended March 31
Quarter ended June 30
Quarter ended September 30
Quarter ended December 31
According to the records of our transfer agent
 we had 47 holders of record of our common stock as of March 15
 2017
 including Cede &amp; Co. as nominee for The Depository Trust Company (DTC). Cede &amp; Co. as nominee for DTC holds shares of our common stock on behalf of participants in the DTC system
Except as described below
 we have not declared or paid a cash dividend on our capital stock.  Any future determination to declare cash dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors
 subject to applicable laws
 and will depend on a number of factors
 including our financial condition results of operations
 capital requirements
 contractual restrictions
 general business conditions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant.  The Credit Agreement governing our credit facility prohibits the payment of any dividends without obtaining the prior written consent of the lenders representing a majority of the outstanding principal under the Credit Agreement
In December 2014
 SkinnyPop made a $59.8 million distribution to the Company in connection with the second amendment to our Credit Agreement. The Company then distributed such amount to Topco
In May 2015
 SkinnyPop made a $22.3 million distribution to the Company in connection with our Third Amended Credit Facility.  The Company then distributed such amount to Topco
The graph set forth below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock between August 5
December&#160;31
 2016
 with the cumulative total return of (i) the S&amp;P Packaged Foods &amp; Meats Index and (ii) the S&amp;P Small Cap 600 Index.  This graph assumes the investment of $100 on August 5
 2015 in our common stock at our IPO offering price of $18.00 per share
 the S&amp;P Packaged Foods &amp; Meats Index and the S&amp;P Small Cap 600 Index
 and assumes the reinvestment of dividends
See Item&#160;12
The following tables set forth our historical consolidated financial data.  We have derived the selected statements of income data for the years ended December 31
 2016 and December&#160;31
 2015 and for the period July&#160;17
 2014 to December 31
 2014 for the Successor (as discussed below) and for the period January 1
 2014 to July 16
 2014 for the Predecessor (as discussed below) and balance sheet data as of December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015 from our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  We have derived the selected statements of income data for the year ended December 31
 2013 for the Predecessor and balance sheet data as of December 31
Our financial data prior to the date of the Sponsor Acquisition
 which are the year ended December&#160;31
 2013 and the period January&#160;1
 2014 to July&#160;16
 2014
 are presented as the financial data of the Predecessor
 which includes the results of the then-existing SkinnyPop Popcorn LLC.  The financial data after the date of the Sponsor Acquisition
 which is the period July&#160;17
 2014 to December&#160;31
 2014
 and the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 are presented as the financial data of the Successor.  The balance sheet data as of December 31
 2016
 December&#160;31
 2015 and December&#160;31
After the consummation of the Sponsor Acquisition
 the Company along with its subsidiary SkinnyPop Popcorn LLC
 are referred to collectively in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as the &#8220;Successor&#8221;.  Prior to the consummation of the Sponsor Acquisition
 SkinnyPop Popcorn LLC is referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as the &#8220;Predecessor&#8221;.  We applied Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB)
 Accounting Standards Codification Topic 805
 &#8220;Business Combinations&#8221; on July&#160;17
 2014
 the closing date of the Sponsor Acquisition
 and as a result
 the merger consideration in the Sponsor Acquisition was allocated to the respective fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed from the Predecessor.  The fair value of identifiable intangibles totaled approximately $265.3 million and amortization of finite-lived intangibles was approximately $4.2 million for the year ended December 31
 2015 and $1.9 million for the Successor period July&#160;17
 2014 to December&#160;31
 2014. In the year ended December 31
 2016 we acquired Tyrrells Group and Boundless Nutrition and as a result recorded $306.0 million and $11.6 million of identifiable intangibles
 respectively. In the year ended December 31
 2016 we recorded amortization expense of $4.3 million related to our three North American acquisitions and $0.9 million of amortization expense related to the Tyrrells Group acquisition.  As a result of the application of acquisition method accounting
You should read the following selected consolidated financial data below in conjunction with &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221;
 &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; and all of our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report (in thousands
Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
July 17
 2014 to December 31
January 1
 2014 to July 16
Year Ended December 31
270
183
64
68
55
140
80
28
29
23
130
102
35
38
32
32
18
6
5
5
38
46
13
1
1
1
2
1
69
66
22
8
7
60
36
12
30
24
22
12
4
(6
1
42
24
8
30
24
15
14
3
27
9
4
30
24
76
61
75
471
74
747
68
716
75
553
74
747
68
716
46
12
26
22
(388
(8
(294
380
(25
287
(28
(19
December 31
December 31
December 31
10
18
5
19
(20
1
Property and equipment
45
2
713
316
312
838
357
335
592
198
196
141
97
6
51
15
121
Current assets consist of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable- net
 inventories
Current liabilities consist of accounts payable and accrued liabilities
 current portion of indebtedness
contained in Item 8
Consists of goodwill
 intangible assets-net
 and other non-current assets. Upon our adoption of ASU 2015-03 on January 1
 2016
 we began presenting deferred financing costs
 net as a reduction to the related liability in the consolidated balance sheets.  As a result
 the deferred financing costs
 net balance of approximately $2.9 million and $3.4 million were reclassified from Other assets to Indebtedness in the table above as of December 31
 2015 and 2014
Consists of the current and non-current portion of indebtedness.  Upon our adoption of ASU 2015-03 on January 1
 2016
 we began presenting deferred financing costs
 net as a reduction to the related liability in the consolidated balance sheets.  As a result
 the deferred financing costs
 net balance of approximately $2.9 million and $3.4 million were reclassified from Other assets to Indebtedness in the table above as of December 31
 2015 and 2014
Consists of deferred tax liabilities-net
 contingent consideration
 equity awards liability
Represents the recognizable portion of Founder Contingent Compensation as of December 31
 2014
The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.  Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed below.  Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include
 but are not limited to
Amplify Snack Brands, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company
&lt;div style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;BUSINESS OVERVIEW&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amplify Snack Brands, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company

begin 644 betr-123120_chartx33846.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_P  1 &0 IH# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#^_BBBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHK\T?BI_P4BTSX?_




MZ3XWU_QIX.\)M+XIG^(VG


M[PKH5A\)/VA;[X3G4KKQ;:_#74M+\6ZSXOLFN/#NA^(_&W@F7XB^#? D'Q+\


M^&?!FIZEX*^'6H_M;7GQ/\5Z9;6:Z9X:F\9_ ;1_7@^[\1.;BYEGUW4+)=

M^

K_%C2_B:$M=
L
MY? _AW1?$.E_$=?#WC*73-!U#]\ 
 #T&*0*H)8*H8]2  3]3U/XTM 'XW:=

YO@KI7_!*3X6_%C3OA:OB75[?P/:?$O5_P!K

Z=9:%/JX7[3+I=O%9R








'_A&]+]+[
M_P '&M?_ QKFM3TBT@\0^&K2*744M[P:W]JA76M:3?9K&&6#S!_://ER
6
M3!&2:]#KD-8_P1I\(_3Q%_Z;8* -'_ (1O2_2^_P#!QK7_ 
L:/^$;TOTO

'_
M (1O2_2^_P#!QK7_ 

MH_X1O2_2^_\ !QK7_P L:WJ* 
'_ (1O2_2^_P#!QK7_ 
L:Y[7=&M+:[\+Q


ME^E]_P#C6O_ )8T?\(WI?I??^#C6O\ Y8UO44 8/_-Z7Z7W_@XUK_Y8T?\

#E)H)9(G&.4=@


MO_!QK7_RQK3L/^/&R_Z]+;_T2E6Z 
'_ (1O2_2^_P#!QK7_ 
L:/^$;TOTO

'_
M (1O2_2^_P#!QK7_ 



M])TKJJ 

M?P


OP3'Q8


*8?BS\'_AEXKUW5(_!ECH#?##Q;/X?\(B;XA:=J%YX
MKL/USZT ?AGX<_Y60?BM_P!H8_@Y_PMI_$VOW

MQ^@#9HK&_P$C\/?]!W1O_!I8_\ Q^C_ (2/P]_T'=&_\&EC_P#'Z -FN//_
M /:?]BG+_Z?(:U_^$C\/?\ 0=T;_P &EC_\?KDCK^A?\)PDO]M:3Y7_  BL



M@TL?_C] &S16-_PD?A[_ *#NC?\ @TL?_C]'_1^'O\ H.Z-_P#2Q_^/T ;



M)/\ C^\'?]C4O_J.^(JT?^$C\/?]!W1O_!I8_P#Q^N8\1:_H3WOA$IK6DN(_





M@TL?_C] &S16-_PD?A[_ *#NC?\ @TL?_C]'_1^'O\ H.Z-_P#2Q_^/T ;
M-%8W_1^'O\ H.Z-_P#2Q_^/UK1R1S1I+#(DL4J+)'+&ZO'(C@
CHZDJZ
I


:?=?N-10!\=_&3]G+Q1\1_VJ?V




MBBB@ KD-8_Y&GPC]/$7_IM@KKZY#6/^1I\(_3Q%_PFV@#KZ*** BBB@

S[03C% '


M% !137=$!+L%J68D@!5'5F)X51_$QPJCDDO@WQG_P4#^%DGB;5/AI^SAX9

M'=ZI9O@!^Q[K.IV7BF\LI@TJZ=\1?VK/$.F:=XZOIO+N#::C:?!?PC\)H%DM
M]MOXGU2!_/?Q#]H'_@AA^P9^T':^!-)U'PYX]^&7A[X?VVO_ -G:!\(?%6F^

^*/&7Q#\=:C%I^GZ=-XI\8^)]8U&/3;)+:W



M@N2\7?FBM(MNV]M'U;5^H4445QG0%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !2%@.IQ^? ]


M^)'P8^


M[T_PMX3^%'B'PY9^'_%;^%_!O@R+5_%.M:G)IUWK/AWP=IS:#KOH'Q'\;?M+


=J]DCJ/\ AM/XF_



W[CG




/?_+V@#9HK&_M2




L8\O6G.^0@(A8*@9@9'1

M2O'H/A.U^$/AN108]:\1MH/C/XA7





:9JNHKHR:C8127D7F00:EI^OQ:FEI(TLC-9K
M
UJTK^8T.[+T ?GI_P $\_B#XR\





M






AJ[[^U+T=?#NL_P#?_P /?_+Z@#9HKP'XS_M-?!S]G?P[!XJ^-_B_1_AG







ZAIKN
MZA0%@

M6E_$7]IRZ^)G[9/Q5TJY&I:3K_Q\O/!6H_#OP9J9\TM/\
/@!H6H:9\&/ 9@

+VXC-P_WK'?W


MJ5$E*7NK6


_\


$[WXJ_$ ^#OB?X2@T?QSX;T_QIXJTVVU2:.^TR71OT.H
MH ^8/%?[(?P7\3^ OV<?AC;Z3JOA+P)^RKX_^#/Q^#GAKPAJK:=8:'=_ ;3


MO[$GCO;-=.
FIF6&\%X@@]LHH ^%/A#_ 




M*M/I7PTT#4(A:NI!:%_%GBG2KA3M-QH17*-=T[X!^%KF]MM;^(^IZ[\7_$5M

ME\&6TNXAK(H
'WZ...)$CC1(XXT5(T151(T10JHB* J(J@*JJ H    I] ''
M^#_ '@KX?V#:9X
\


NBWD86237=:^)W[4OC
MNQ5O*W2'2ML_P!GSP):WRCS2D:^)?$EBC[%9[A 6;^=3_@MW\$?^E/Q%N_

M16AV4VG^%/A5^PWX&OCOU.*?Q=I_Q:_:FU327MV
:Z.ESX3\0? KX0ZG?1SJ
MS'64^






.*Y._\ AUX U4O_ &GX'\'ZCYBHD@O_  QH=YO2
[HT


2
M$-)I]M:NR-U:
L8RP#E=R@C\\OVS?V/O$6HWOA[QG\%?DVK6%AH\NC^(OV












MJ/Z9X3S+&9[PCPMQ#C:%.CB
]X=R3.
1XA_ZFC?^*^_P#F
MCH V:Y#6/^1I\(_3Q%_Z;8*UO(\0_P#04T;_ ,$5]_\ -'7)ZO#KO_3^% V






D9SJ%U;C&01GU!'8X\CD^ &B7J*NOZ[XC\



6IZMXF

MC;QC)::-XBU'7/OAV]UK099_#3:V=7UG3]!L+;4X[K5[VQU#4V-Y#8Z;-'!
M'JURWV33HYYPMK@!X/^Q5K/Q9^.?@;7O#_BOXK^-=

M/$N#X1\


M\.?A?IGPH\+67@[P'!H&B:#9/+.(5T;4KJZO+RY(:ZU'4]0N/$C76HZC=%4\


M#O



9/


M!!/45_-S_P $=O'GC[_@I)^S8TOQ:_;9_:2B\6_ ?4]+^%_BWX2_#/Q'X4^#


7C3QSXHBN=\




M]V+RR^$^ALC




M 

Z/8%%D
[M?A[\1]<\*:+J/
MBWPK#=RQW&-+UBZLY+R)[&ZC:\T65I7ET&]N+V\T1[ZO[V:?W6B@# U#PKX
M7U;6O#_B35?#F@ZEXB\)G53X6U[4-'TZ]UKPV==LETW6SH&J7-M+?:
=8TY$


426*=$\




414



M)J^H_!?QO/=%S(;W6;GP-+IN@^

M^SV[77[.?[3&A?&_PI:/+-;_  _^.
M![NXFM]+O;NTBM8[74=2MK6?2[*:*X1HKQ+F]B-@ZE;W[.00


M/ O@M/



MP



M*F2WUBQE8



M
M'OAQIFTE@)#:7=WKGB]5PNXJ_A-)5RH9%)X[+5_%OPM^%NFI%KOB3P'\.](M




)2_)


REF:11I5^;5&;4+


MM[:*2[FLF^S_ -H3W


\2?MT#0





M\@8V=BXQR1Z
S



M+DU[C?-RVMNN;%4




MI0HRFHO5*3DJEVMKJ6MKV5[+:G2E[.'MI2=3E2FXU:BBY+=I)P6N]N72]KNU



PHEL\+V!AEM UK+');O)&WVY16?UBOTJSAY4W[-?=#


MK.3&L3O-J]YH%SJD\LB#][+/=R2S

8_
M#&




8JT4HKLDDO






^)FL?&+P+^S=\
O\ AJKP]\-/ O\
MP4M3]I-OA-X]^ &F:!\
?AWX/\
_'_6/VD_&'Q)L?VN;#2;OPG\2_@G\2?$^

M9\
?!NH^.%D\83_$U^$OC[7_ASXM\._?XZ7?PGO+BP^)MK\%_B/JEA#X=\

+8?-[I3:
_P#06. !


'N
MJ?\ R30!N9'J/S%&1ZC\Q6'_ &!;_P#00UW_ 
'NJ?\ R31_8%O_ -!#7?\




M/O#GBW0-9\+^)8]1UOP]XATR^T;6M(U#6-3FLM2TO4K:2TO;*YC-S\T5Q;RR

*5.I3]GB8T_
MWD\OQ^&JU\MS*G3M5G@


6SZ;_LW_Z&N_^#W5/_DF



ZI_P#)-']@6_\
MT$-=_P#![JG_ ,DU<*E2DVZ<YP;5GRR<;KM*S]Y=T[I]43*$)JTXJ26JND[/
MNNS\T?E-K7['_PV'\
M0EU+X7?%[X5?'O3YI)X_M7Q4\-7W[./[06FVLT9@


K36L_PX5=
O\
M4HB_+ZKXBBE
WE1N/[V+_P .S/97:Z9J^J6VI-;3C3[B]U36+VR@OC$_V2:\

+O%_C'Q%J7[/@DN]6\0ZQ<3:[KE]<J_QAE

MQNN+%1Q

Y.51/E4&FHWJ2YFINW
N9KEBU9)L_6#X
:_P#$F#X;

.
MM_$_]I;PGINOY&9$?4)_AA\(/C+J

'(]+T6_OEU:<ZO/IIU65()[R6%/H/^P+?_ *&N_\ @]U3_P2
M:X)3I0DXQI4JBBW%5&ZZYTG93M[2%E*W,HN:O9KH=2C.24G.<&TFX)4GRMZ
MN-^25^7:ZDT[;O=_'45O_P %&=:NMQJ_PQ5\-[20A6:WT+X\?&J[MU.V-I

]K\






MIMO:Q*-D
2X ;8HUZ(@#O[ M_\ H(:[_P#W5/_ ))H_LW_P@AKO_ (/=

?EP0E/Z#_ .P+?_H(:[_X
K*DYI*3C:[2=TKM/2_3KUO8BK0I5DE5@IJ+;2=[)O=V36OY:V
MW9XK^QC^R7X._8C^!.@_L\_#WQU\2/'/@3PIJWB#4/LWQ1U?0=:UWP]I_B/

M*P_[ M_^@AKO_@]U3_Y)H_LW_Z&N_^#W5/_DFL9SE4G*I-N4YR



CU'YBL/^P+?_ *&N_\ @]U3_P2

I#%Y=A\31C&FXRQ5-5%K<8IO7M??S79WZGZH?LL_P#!0G2/
 _%VD?M4M:^(_#'C+PTUI\+O%5U=C4-(U[


5/&9S#B'-



CU'YBL/^P+?_



M Z G)R1SR?4TM% 8 YP._Z\G'ID\G'4\FEHHH _#/PY_P K(/Q6_PT

M_P#6T_B;7[F5^&?AS_E9!^*W_:&/X.?^MI_$VOW
H **** N//_ /:?]BG

UII_P 7

M)-KK?AS6+:[TR_CY25H4N[9Y;.ZMII/1NO6OD3QQG]GKXJ_\+=M?]'^$7Q8U



M(_3Q%_Z;8*Z^N0UC_D:?/T\1?\ IM@H Z^BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ KE?$
MG_']X._[&I?_ %'?$5=57*^)/^/[P=_V-2_^H[XBH ZJBBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ KEO%W_'AIG_ &-/A+_U(],KJ:Y;Q=_QX:9_V-/A+_U(],H ZFBBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ KD?'?_(JZO_UQ@_\ 2VUKK6(4$GH 3^5?DS^T=_P4IT7X



;C89=AL1/!YAC55QDZ%?$QH^SR

NKSCQ-\
M1CHNI:A: J0MQX;\

M#S*MFU?ZO5E0K2I9%'!?VW4IPJPE!U89?*D[7C-Q:;'%K=6V]-=M=CZ5JG?Z
215'<U\[?\(U^


V
ME$4UA\'/#=_XYLH7QRM[XNM1:^ =+(;:C?VIXLLBC.FX '(K#7?VGO&K[=%\
M%_#_ .^D2.T9U/X@ZU/\2O&:P.WRSIX



M_P (C\-5\.?VA;#+?N/$VL^(MX;$[S8R?8_!WPZ\!?#RQ;3? G@SPOX.L75%
MEMO#.A:9HJ7!CY62Z;3[:2[E))9IKIYI79F=W9F8GLZ*[LOX9R+*Z_US9;






ML?#?Q9$5WXC\-1*ZV]EX^@\0:3$BMXHTJ ?$X[_C&




OV:OAEX6_9S/@

M !3\

0:58_L\:UI







OPA^&_B_QE:+X)UR_D^&^N0:)X(UMO%


@#?_M_0_\ H,Z5_P#*R_^/T?V_H?_
M $&=*_\ !E9?_'ZT/LMM_P ^\'_?F/\ ^)H^RVW_ #[P?]^8_P#XF@#/_M_0
M_P#H
Z5_X


%?$\ +.SOH=6AC-_I%B\?3?7XAZ!\6O!.G^+=.TR32+PW%_HWB;PQJ
M<,*:WX-\7Z'=/IOB?PAKL*H/*U30-5AGLY7B&^MQ:ZI9-+87UK-)\AP_5J9
M+CJG!^


M_P#C]:'V6V_Y]X/^_
?_ 


WB;PI(NK:64C&O[V&HV15-^G0JFX^?A=Q! W$9[5WGV6V_Y
M]X/^_
?_ 

Z5
M_P#*R_^/T?V_H?_ $&=*_\ !E9?_'ZT/LMM_P ^\'_?F/\ ^)H^RVW_ #[P
M?]^8_P#XF@#/_M_0_P#H,Z5_X,K+_P/T?V_H?\ T&=*_P#!E9?_ !^M#[+;
M?\^\'_?F/_XFC[+;?\^\'_?F/_XF@#/_ +?T/_H
Z5_X
K+_ ./T?V_H?_09
MTK_P967_ 
?K0^RVW_/O!_WYC_\ B:/LMM_S[P?]^8__ (F@#/\ [?T/_H
Z
M5_X
K+_X_1_;^A_]!G2O_!E9?_'ZT/LMM_S[P?\ ?F/_ .)H^RVW_/O!_P!^
M8_\ XF@#/_M_0_\ H

M#_B!-S$3X5=SJH)PS*H^9E![?[+;?\ /O!_WYC_ /B:Y;Q';VXOO!^((!GQ
M2H/[J/D?\(]XA.#\O3(!^H!H V?[?T/_ *#.E?\ @RLO_C]']OZ'_P!!G2O_
M  967_Q^M#[+;?\ /O!_WYC_ /B:/LMM_P ^\'_?F/\ ^)H S_[?T/\ Z#.E
M?^#*R_\ C]']OZ'_ -!G2O\ P967_P ?K0^RVW_/O!_WYC_^)H^RVW_/O!_W
MYC_^)H S_PW]#_Z#.E?^#*R_P#C]']OZ'_T&=*_\&5E_P#'ZT/LMM_S[P?]



$=C:EKF2
M1GN@K-([1B?V:U'XY:AX\U\\



M


\.7%S97&GZE)JXM;/1K






SEQ(+[XLRW20JGW;A+29))/W488AF7Z#-I:


LRG


MH^RVW_/O!_WYC_\ B:2R''M.-7B[B2M%[IT^&J#Z;5

M_)?C^K/G.&__ &@[HXN?B#^SEH4;-@FU\-^-/$\T:J



Z INYM6T#0K#1;LQ2;K)7L+

'C
)]7]EF^:5


M!E9?_'Z/[?T/_H
Z5_X

M /$T 9_]OZ'_ -!G2O\ P967_P ?H_M_0_\ H

M1(FKZ6[OH6L(B+J-FS







*E1_QL

M_P ?H_M_0_\ H

M37UPC/\ [?T/_H
Z5_X
K+_X_1_;^A_]!G2O_!E9?_'ZT/LMM_S[P?\ ?F/_
M .)H^RVW_/O!_P!^8_\ XF@#/_M_0_\ H




C]/\^WF:
M*L&4,"

'Q,
M(JCCL'4PV/PKGA,50J3&K?IYH*Y#6/\ D:?/T\1?^FVNOKD-8_Y&GPC]/$
M7_IM@KV1'7T444 %%%% !1110 4444 %<KXD_P/[P=_V-2_^H[XBKJJY7Q)
M_P ?W@[_ +&I?_4=\14 =51110 4444 %'3K7%^//B+X(^&.@R^)O'OB73/#
M.C1S1VT=SJ$KF:^OIR5MM
TC3[=)]2UO6+M@8[+1]'M+[5+V7$5K:2N0I\%&
MH?'/XZ832(-:_9W^%=SC?KFIVMD_QW\76+DHZZ+H5VE]H_PEL+N)G9-2\10Z

3CJE6




H8+):D'#FR*6(H



)G6787
\$ZGL




M-MJ]YIUQHVBZ;\'_  WJ_AWPMI?A6VTRTO['3I6U_7==U*TU#4-3BDU_6=2
MO;(6,5Y-;N ?D3^RQ\:_VBKB'_@F-^TSXW^/7CKQ];?\%)_$'BW2_BI\%]9L
MO;_  I^&UGXQ_9Q^

-2:_\ $6NR




M_P!^M







O7 R:]%CD25$DC971U5T96#*RL RLK*2K*P(*LI*LI#*2






:7J_Q/^+-Q;QW%I\-/!(MKK5K&WN5Q;:KXSUBZEAT#X?^
M'6=HRVL^*[^Q^T1LW]D66KW(6UD\_



M6I^+]/PT378/@CXO^+%Q%K/[2FN6&L:0LT=WIOP*\&7-]#\*=-*
)(/^$VO[
MB*RUOXN:I 4A:1==ATKP3'
KFU\&R.$O6^H+.RM-.M+:PL+6WLK*RMX;2SL[





_^6U']LW/_ $+^N?\ ?K3/_EM6]17I 8/]LW/_ $+^

M4
R*2Z^AURWB[_CPTS_L:?7_J1Z90!;_MFY_PA?US_ +]:9_\ +:C^V;G_
M *%_7/\ OUIG_P MJWJ* 

'^V;G_
M *%_7/\ OUIG_P MJY;QKJUQ)X8U5&T/6HE

.9'BT[8N+RV/.S5';DC PIY

M_P#39=4 06.L7(LK


M_P!^M





JJTJ#JYMFF*3W^7XK


M^$O#D:Z'K4H31[!1(D6G;'Q;I\R;M45MIZJ6521@E5)P.F_MFY_Z%_7/^_6F
M?_+:J?@;_D3O#/\ V!=/_P#2=*ZJ@#!_MFY_Z%_7/^_6F?\ RVH_MFY_Z%_7

MJVH7




X?B@#IJ*YO3O&7A+6/$&N^%-*\3^'
MM3\3^%UL'\2^'=/UO2[W7?#R:I;C3&UW1[6[EU+1UU&!6FL6U*UM1=Q R6Y
MD7FNDH _#/PY_P K(/Q6_PT

MMI_$VOW
H **** N//_ /:?]BG+_Z?(:[N//_ /:?]BG+_Z?(: .PHHH







M




MKX'LY1C*OYWQ0U[P1


)
M74?B)\)?!:DD^7X7^&_B3Q7?@

L-RKF1)'\
L!(RJ\4D:$3*?



LXJ9A15KZ2RYS7_/L++NOQO^5O

OVJY[V(OK7@%O[+U2YN;/\


$R_P!JFVNX


:E2
EDCP7]KQPV499'#N%L9]47M
6JCEBU&5


MBY\

6J^'




M+2M6L;34]
U&QF2YLM0T^_MX[JROK.XB9HY[6[MI8KBWFC9DDBD1U)!!KY_A

_]@73_P#TG2NJH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ IKXV/DE1M;+


M



9;K_ (13XEZ?X+TJ6/1-7DL--;^ET=!GK@9KR#PG


M/_RVH\KQ+_S^:'_X+]1_^6U;U% &#Y7B7_G\T/\ \%^H_P#RVKE#'XA_X39!
M]JT7SO\ A%Y3N^P:CL\O^V8AMV_VGNW[\'=OVXXV]QZ37'G_ )'M/^Q3E_\

M\T/_ 
%^H_\ RVH\KQ+_ 





M'+!XFO$NKJ;Q1K&A:[K







M?^?S0_\ P7ZC_P#+:MZBNX#!\KQ+_P _FA_^_4?_EM1Y7B7_G\T/_P7ZC_\
MMJWJ* ,'RO$O_/YH?_@OU'_Y;5S/B&+Q+WPEYEWHK$^)@(MMAJA9/^$?U_
MYG!U1BRA-XJ4.\H2VT


MH?\ X+]1_P#EM6]10!@^5XE_Y_-#_P#!?J/_ 
MJ/*\2_P#/YH?_ (+]1_\



M_G\T/_P7ZC_\MJWJ* 

MJ* 
'RO$O_/YH?\ X+]1_P#EM1Y7B7_G\T/_ 

MYH?_ (+]1_\ EM1Y7B7_ )_-#_\ !?J/_P MJWJ* 
'RO$O_ #^:'_X+]1_^

0P[E2PU!7(^V6V






+]EM]H.GZB2!Y28!/]JC/'? SZ5:\KQ+






VPN













4 +129'





CU'YBC(]1^8H 6BDR/4?F*
CU'YB@!:
M*3(]1^8HR/4?F* %HI
CU'YBC(]1^8H 6N6\7?\ 'AIG_8T^$O\ U(]
KJ
C
MU'YBN6\6D?8=





;3]IGPU:W$^C66FVGAK]H+0-/

6LJ3VMW:7423VUU;3QLT<UO<021S02QLR21.C




M%W_!2A[W]E'P;^TA\(?VE/%GQ'UNT\9? #6O!&M_$']G#]JSP3XK^+O[#OAK

MR?!T[[*X^SR-G]M+XG#:S;'RO/*XY&1D9R/VX_L(_P#08UW_ 
&1_P#C%?BE


M -!C7?\ P9'_ .
5OT4 8']A'_H
:[_X
C_\8H_L(_\ 08UW_P &1_\ C%;]
M% &!_81_Z#&N_P#@R/\ \8H_L(_]!C7?_!D?_C%;]% &!_81_P@QKO_ (,C
M_P#&*/[/_08UW_P9'_XQ6_10!@?V$?^@QKO_@R/_P 8KE=6T8KXE\*Q_P!K
M:X?
&O?

MT&-=_P#!D?\ XQ1_81_Z#&N_^#(__&*WZ* 
#^PC_P!!C7?_  9'_P,4?V$
M?^@QKO\ X,C_ /&*WZ* ,#^PC_T&-=_\&1_^,4?V$?\ H,:[_P#(_\ QBM^
MB@# _L(_]!C7?_!D?_C%']A'_H
:[_X
C_\ &*WZ* 
#^PC_ -!C7?\ P9'_
M .

4?V$?\ H

&1
M_P#C%']A'_H
:[_X

M
7AG59/[6UM]L



M!C7?_!D?_C%']A'_ *#&N_\ @R/_ 
8K?HH P/[/_08UW_P9'_XQ1_81_Z#
M&N_^#(__ !BM^B@# _L(_P#08UW_ ,&1_P#C%']A'_H,:[_X,C_\8K?HH P/
M[/_ $&-=_\ !D?_ (Q6#XIT0Q^&?$3_ -KZVVS0M7;:VHDHVW3KEMKKY W*


MK/]A'_H,:[_ .#(_P#QBM2P_P/&R_Z]+;_ -$I5N@# _L(_P#08UW_ 
&1
M_P#C%']A'_H
:[_X


MO&6I:GIZS:SHEWI-\9=.EBCMY5:UU&Y$*

VP%=R@J<DH

C_P#&

MQ%_8W@[4/H+XC?MW6/A7]N?]GC]C#PIX#D\7I\3KCXDV'Q:^*AUU-.\._![Q
//!
M]EJ(!^@U%?EO\!?^@OCSXK^)_V:_$?BKX&Z)X


M?$7_ 

MOD;3&#QYWF9&?+V?/0!^T]%?CU_P_P#/^./_207]G[_ ,'/B+_YFJ/^'_G_
M  1Q_PD@O[/W_@Y\1?_ #-4 ?L+17X]?\/_ #_@CC_TD%_9^_\ !SXB_P#F

U0!^PM%?CU_P /_/\ @CC_ -)!?V?O_!SX
MB_\ F:H_X?\ G_!''_I(+^S]_P#GQ%_\S5 '[T5^/7_#_S_@CC_P!)!?V?





S5
M '[UR/CO_D5=7_ZXP?^EMK7Y4?\/_/^./_ $D%_9^_\'/B+_YFJY[Q5_P7

M/W_@Y\1?_
U0!^PM%?CU_P /_/\ @CC_ -)!?V?O_!SXB_\ F:H_X?\ G_!'
M'_I(+^S]_P#GQ%_\S5 '[T5^/7_#_S_@CC_P!)!?V?O_!SXB_^9JC_ (?^


M?[8\2G


U0!^PM%?CU_P_P#/^./_207]G[_
M ,'/B+_YFJ/^'_G_  1Q_PD@O[/W_@Y\1?_ #-4 ?L+17X]?\/_ #_@CC_T

U0!^K?@;_D3O#/_8%T

4C03

/V
MP?V@?VU?AUK.I_#[X#7&A^/'!\=_!?]MW0-2E\&_%;X%?[0_C?^RK\3+KX
M8ZQX5L/!]]XH\3_%6+1O 'QF^&'A62S^(EK\+_B/\.?BWK]_X\LM#CT;Q3X

GAKX@ZC\#KB_

Y=2\



MQ10!C_\ /Z'_P! C2__  6V'_R/1_PC^A_] C2__!;8?_(];%% &/\ \(_H
M?_0(TO\ \%MA_P#(]?*TGP=U]OVUK3XK#PEIG_N(OV7-1^'DFM[= #QG/\
M8=*\3Q:4=*W?VFS-X?MIKX7XL38*R&!KH7C+$?L&B@#'_P$?T/_ *!&E_\

M .@1I?\ X+;#_P1ZV** ,?_ (1_0_\ H$:7_P"VP_^1Z/^$?T/_H$:7_X+
M;#_Y'K8HH Q_^$?T/_H$:7_X+;#_ .1Z/^$?T/\ Z!&E_P#@ML/_ )'K8HH
MQ_\ A']#_P@1I?_ (+;#_Y'KY6^+'P=U_Q%^TS^REX]T'PEIEWX
^'$/Q^3



M 
?_ (1_0_\ H$:7_PVP_^1Z/^$?T/_H$:7_X+;#_Y'K8HH Q_^$?T/_H$

M./&_C?4_.U!K2*8:3X4T+5]1:Q@DDO\ 45MVL=/MKN[N(K:7ZNHH QE\/Z)@


M  C^A_\ 0(TO_P %MA_\CUL44 8__/Z'_T-+_\%MA_\CT?\(_H?_0(TO\
M\%MA_P#(];%% &/_ 
(_H?\ T-+_P#!;8?_ /1_P (_H?_ $-+_\ !;8?
M_(];%% &/_PC^A_] C2__!;8?_(]'_/Z'_T-+_ /!;8?\ R/6Q10!C_P#
M/Z'_ - C2_\ P6V'_P CUX/^U+\+[SXA?LR_M$^ ?!'AC3-5\9^./@5\7O!_
MA/3%AT73FU'Q-XG^'GB/1-!L%U#4!:6-BUYJU]:6PO+RZMK2V\TS7
\

MCT?\(_H?_0(TO_P6V'_R/6Q10!C_ //Z'_T-+_ /!;8?\ R/1_PC^A_P#0
M(TO_ 









M/X;\$:/JNMZKX?T6ZCO/%FM'7M7N/#7A?;_93_88\;_!+XK6WQ7^)'CCP1XT


MAD^#OP\^)5Y\&_@_\*/C]\




MCWQZ_:8L_=[\ --_9U^$*Z'^P7X/\ VU?BI%^T'J'B[Q3%K&L^+O&GQ:^'





M_'WX:6OBK1?V;OB5X[^+?A[P=X@\6:YK/A3_ (3SQUXMMIOV=K'4_&+_ !'\

/B[X;^!WQIL/ ?
MQ%FT[]F[P!\ _'?B+PZGQ+L]^_[*_PV^'?A+P3\._BGX?U2#01K]E\0M8T










Q? ?P#H?COX.



MBO$GP?C^(NK_  (\+_L\:3X.^ 7ASQ;HO@R\\.:'XTU+XB:KXX\;:QXYOKKQ

GBS]C



M3H_B;5M5T#P#I5U\038:]XE^(XM-6U/7;6;0/#.A3Z7I4WC'5L;P'^PWXZ\+








$T'X?\ PMUW

M/\1_#/Q(^&D-]X5\1_&#2]

M4;\0/A)XE\*^%OC/^S7\8X_C%\.)_'6D:IJ_@CQ(VI_#GX@_!_QUX$\8#0+J


M_P /7_CGX=?''X3ZC\:?BE^T1\3/V@_VD? /BGP!JL'P!^*#_$CPEX6\!Z#X



M^S#^V#\?/%?[3'Q _9G^-
W[._Q&\:^ /V=]%^-'Q3L/V7CXKDF_9L^)6J^)

MINM^$YI[7[
_[ OQ^NJ7^L:[\6?#D6L3_#[]IRZ\/:O\




MB777\8:I%:^'M.T\ QO@%^W=\1_%O@S_ (*!_$/]H?X
67P-LOV-?B)J.G6?






M'X!ZSI*7K9Z+#X9\;R07A-]8R&X^A?V@?V?];^













M?!WQJ^/47QE^#7C_ /9_N(?BVXF3P)XTNV^''Q$U34_&?AOX:V-_H'Q^)N


M^
W[-VB?$CXAZGKEIH7@;X4_#C]IKXOV7A[P-X4T#PNWB:]^(?C?XW?\(%KV



\=3T]B1^!
M]1V.1DXS7Y#?M#_\$]OC!\0?%'[:GA_X4_$KX4^&?@S_ 
%'-\'Z)^TLOC/
MP#K.K_$OP'=Z/\*M^ ?C3Q'\(K_ $34;'P[XGO/''P:\-:!I.A:5\1([6S^

MY)YY-B+YDTSO+*^Z21B[




M=/\ %VGV
.J7O@_Q'#/:ZQX2\7VNE7
]K;ZK/X5\5Z7HGB!-*GN[.+4O[.-B



]/_;2^$GQ /P;^)'[2/[-?@G]G





MF=F



TZ'7]-6VU:*PLTO








MGT2_U+X


^+?PLU1O&::!X

?&'B!?AUXA\'^/FU#X;?#+4=:\3?$WPWJOC7PY8Z7QGP#_8#_


M/AGPD;4 [7QM^UU\7_#O_!03X%_LI)\%(_#_ 





5NPAN^$ /FG]H7_@HKXF^'[?



OA3QC^RW
M\=O@#XL^$?\ PO'X!?LQ^(?V3O%6G_%?P[XME\!?$+X:^+O^%2^(+J_T[6_!
M]ZGC+P;X@\+?$+X/:%KVCB*UUC2_$7AS6O$WAC7+6QO[C1?$VA?37['?[.D7


Z\ VMI#HO@VWUKXAWNES#Q':3'5+S3-2UZ*&P



MP.7YA]8Q56
Y0I?5
=2YE3INI-\]?#4Z:M!-ZS5[65W9.+/^OE_FCTZBOF+]



K


WP9_:7UKP-XY^%/C



MB;7/%/Q(M/#OB+QSJ=[XP@\1V/A+X7:OXPU[Q)X M+OQQX9\/7FEVWDW !^G






]
^)/P\_:*6UUK]G




\(^(M
\9

M;^



^KVTUBXU7Q\GPA^'5]IOQ%^)T.G:


F_9LNO$.C





VNN:3\4[

MX+M_BC#XV\9:-I&E_$+QCX@\6^-]-LK/2-5G\):+HO@:\USQ?K_AG2[G1=3\


M@'Z4T5^=B?\ !3+X!W_C+Q3X$\-Z1XZ\7^(='\2ZMX'\
6WAB#P;J4?C_P =

MKPUK&H6W-:M^VQ\3'_91\;?'.W\$Z;X(\9:)^V0_[--GX=\3^#?%OCNY\/\

N
MBWT

MH^$
/BV^\%6?C#QY\._C?\0G^(UNC:MH/BV_CL] AU_7]9\+^$?$GBO2_#(T






03WT37


L)X-^&F!XJ?&V$
MX6PU'BAYEC




M16?[ _P-MOCCXD^


M? VEZ
/ACX.TWPKXD\%6FE/\/-8UF\\6^
]+\-ZYX8_9\D_9B\(ZEJGA[4_%




I^#-<T.POO!EUH$L6X\W;?L%?LO6^FP:
W@
M77[[2#XY\0_$C6M+UCXI?%C6M/\ &OC/Q5XST3XCZ[J_Q&L]5\;7EM\1OM?Q
M\.:+XT@LO&\6NV&EZ]9M-I-M8VM[J%I=_8E%   # &!DG\222?J223ZDTM

M6^\%ZUXR\ _V.GB[3?#NM&.V\1VFC3:[IVJZ9;3:[HC7^@W-W-83SVUCJ=W+

MKIIK3LS^9CPY_P &PW[
G@_Q!H'BOPK^U%^U)X?\2^%-;T;Q)X9UK3)/A!;W



M?X4X@$$'H1@_0T45S&Q\RS_L??L^W?B76O$E]X(NM2B\0:]XP\6ZIX
U3QCX
MXU/X5R^

M.HO(-6U_6;^^YOPG^PA^R[X*\80?$'0_AYJ!\=Q:O\/]:E\9ZU\1/B;XG\4:



MA@\6^$M

MCWN@^+M$U/QS\1Y['XEZ7?\ C+6OB-/%\7E_X2]9/BY=)\0_$6N^/;/5/B/+
MXFU73_&6L:KXBL;ZWU'4KZ6X^C?AW\


;:76I_%?C1_P $Q?A5\2_#$G@7PAXF\0?#KPGXJ_X6Q:_%AWU;
MX@^-?&OQ!TSXX:MX.U?XGP2^/=9^)UCK2R^*KOPA;7U]I_C/X@^#K+V^NC



MYOI+KH?#O[+_ 


M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
D !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 ?__9
end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2016
Mar. 10
 2017
Jun. 30
 2016













 Inc.













































  2016






































































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



753
412






































If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











323


751



Accounts receivable
 net of allowances of $9
261 and $2
272
 respectively

852


977





250


829





804


293





229


850



Property and equipment
 net

884


153












953


421



Intangible assets
 net

996


468





178







240


932












582


302





505


230





936


750







197





114


632



Notes payable
 net- current portion















036


328












576


704





210





Notes payable
 net

678


757





890


115





905


498





211


107





470


181

















Common stock
 $0.0001 par value
 375
000
000 shares authorized at December 31
 2016 and 2015 and 76
786
000 and 74
843
470 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 respectively








279





Common stock held in treasury
 at par
 2
948
995 and 4
991
858 shares at December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 respectively








916


623





469)







734


423





240


932







Contingent Compensation
 Fair Value Disclosure
 Current

























































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)
























































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences with jurisdictional netting.




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).






















































































Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))



























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount of obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
























































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the noncurrent portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)

















































































































Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the portion of long-term
 collateralized debt obligations due within one year or the operating cycle
 if longer. Such obligations include mortgage loans
 chattel loans
 and any other borrowings secured by assets of the borrower.




























Carrying amount of collateralized debt obligations with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer
 excluding the current portion. Obligations include
 but not limited to
 mortgage loans
 chattel loans
 and other borrowings secured by assets.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
























































The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued
 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











261


272










Common stock
 shares authorized (in shares)

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued (in shares)

786
000


843
470



Common stock
 shares outstanding (in shares)

786
000


843
470



Treasury stock
 shares held (in shares)

948
995


991
858







A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.






















































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2014
Jul. 16
 2014
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015















004




811


915





724




698


972





280




113


943





977




049


527





611




205


261











521





215











803




749


309





477




364


634





253




898


428









287)











100







224




653


206





486




360


321





738




293


885



Other comprehensive loss
 net of income taxes





469)







738




176)


885
















716
568




471
059


747
605





716
568




553
885


747
605


















353











429











924











661











394






















288











343











581












































581






















581







Other comprehensive loss
 net of income taxes














581











452.74

































This element represents acquisition-related costs incurred to effect a business combination which costs have been expensed during the period. Such costs include finder's fees; advisory
 legal
 accounting
 valuation
 and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs
 including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in the value of a contingent consideration liability
 including
 but not limited to
 differences arising upon settlement.




























Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.



















































































































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.





























 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.






















































































Amount of income related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.

























































The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Beginning members' equity balance (in units) (Predecessor) at Dec. 31
 2013














Beginning members' equity balance (Predecessor) at Dec. 31
 2013

067








067






















581








581







533)








533)





Beginning members' equity balance (in units) (Predecessor) at Jul. 16
 2014














Beginning members' equity balance (Predecessor) at Jul. 16
 2014

115








115





Ending balance (in shares) (Successor) at Jul. 16
 2014














Ending balance (Successor) at Jul. 16
 2014































738








738









000
000













950




942











755)




755)















































411
263







Ending balance (in shares) (Successor) at Dec. 31
 2014



000
000




411
263







Ending balance (Successor) at Dec. 31
 2014

168




423




738






















885








885







285)




285)











785




785











130)




130)

















262
875)











530)




530)







Ending balance (in shares) (Successor) at Dec. 31
 2015



843
470




991
858







Ending balance (Successor) at Dec. 31
 2015

423








623





Ending balance at Dec. 31
 2015

423






























293








293







291




291













251




880
453)











083
689













319




318













410)




410)
























469)










469)



Ending balance (in shares) (Successor) at Dec. 31
 2016



786
000




948
995







Ending balance (Successor) at Dec. 31
 2016

734




279




916


469)



Ending balance at Dec. 31
 2016

734

















Stockholders' Equity
 Issuance of Tax Receivable Agreement




























Treasury Stock
 Shares
 Recapitalized




























Treasury Stock
 Shares
 Vesting of Restricted Stock Awards




























Treasury Stock
 Value
 Recapitalized




























This element represents the amount of recognized equity-based compensation during the period
 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Alternate captions include the words stock-based compensation.






















































































Amount of paid and unpaid cash
 stock
 and paid-in-kind (PIK) dividends declared
 for example
 but not limited to
 common and preferred stock.

























































Amount of ownership interest in limited liability company (LLC)
 attributable to the parent entity.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
 -Subparagraph (b
c)






































































































































































































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2014
Jul. 16
 2014
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015



















751











323


751



Paqui
 LLC | Contingent Consideration for Earn-Out Period


























































581




















































































Loss on disposal of property
 plant and equipment





















Changes in operating assets and liabilities
 net of effects of acquisitions:














600)


































































339


































































533)













































































533)






















472)









047


519











047













































































































































































































Purchase of acquisition
 net of cash acquired






















































Purchase of acquisition
 net of cash acquired










Predecessor | Paqui
 LLC











































Purchase of acquisition
 net of cash acquired










Predecessor | Boundless Nutrition
 LLC





















Purchase of acquisition
 net of cash acquired


































738




293


885









431







904




316


228









752







126)




661


241









669


305











521














Loss on disposal of property
 plant and equipment
















100





Changes in operating assets and liabilities
 net of effects of acquisitions:
















993)


777)





964)




857)











744)







231




097


604





687




339)







500)




197)







719






999




















937)







630)




077)


607)
















950











755)






285)





000




420


500









813)


187)









500


000









000)


000)





669)




540)











595)







526




972


256)
















615




428)


136









751


615





615




323


751
















600




901


105





961




679


506




















319













130










































085

































776


715



























000































Purchase of acquisition
 net of cash acquired





618)





























437






261














Purchase of acquisition
 net of cash acquired

452)









Successor | Paqui
 LLC





























521














Purchase of acquisition
 net of cash acquired







830)



Successor | Boundless Nutrition
 LLC





















Purchase of acquisition
 net of cash acquired





522)









Business Combination
 Contingent Consideration Arrangements
 Payment for Contingent Compensation



















































































































The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in the value of a contingent consideration liability
 including
 but not limited to
 differences arising upon settlement.

























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.















































































































































Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.

























































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.






















































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.















































































































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.






















































































Cash outflow in the form of capital distributions and dividends to common shareholders
 preferred shareholders and noncontrolling interests.

























































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of a business
 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.






















































































The cash inflow from a contractual arrangement with the lender
 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with maturities due beyond one year or the operating cycle
 if longer.




























The cash outflow for the settlement of obligation drawn from a contractual arrangement with the lender
 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with maturities due beyond one year or the operating cycle
 if longer.

























































The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.





















































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]





Amplify Snack Brands
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 and its subsidiaries (collectively
 the Company, and herein referred to as we
 us
 and our) is a high growth
Prior to the consummation of our initial public offering (IPO) on August 4
 2015
TA Topco 1
 LLC (Topco)
 the former parent entity of the Company
 of the capital stock of the Company
 which was allocated to such unit holders pursuant to the distribution provisions of the existing limited liability company agreement of Topco based upon the liquidation value of Topco.  Since Topco was liquidated at the time of our IPO
On September 2
 2016
 the Company completed its acquisition of Crisps Topco Limited (&#8220;Tyrrells Group&#8221;)
 a company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales
 which owns the Tyrrells international portfolio of premium snack brands
 through Thunderball Bidco Limited (the &#8220;Purchaser&#8221;)
 a direct
 wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.  The acquisition was completed pursuant to a Share Purchase Agreement (the &#8220;Purchase Agreement&#8221;) with SkinnyPop Popcorn LLC
 a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 Crisps Holdings Limited
On July&#160;17
 2014
 SkinnyPop Popcorn LLC (&#8220;SkinnyPop&#8221;) was acquired (the &#8220;Sponsor Acquisition&#8221;) by investment funds and entities associated with TA Associates for aggregate purchase consideration of 
. The aggregate purchase consideration
 plus transaction-related expenses and financing costs
 was funded by TA Associates' equity investment in Topco
The accompanying consolidated financial statements are presented for two periods: predecessor and successor
 which relate to the periods preceding and succeeding the Sponsor Acquisition
 respectively.  The Sponsor Acquisition results in a new basis of accounting beginning on July&#160;17
December&#160;31
 and December 31
The year ended December 31
 2014 includes the predecessor period of the Company from January 1
 2014 to July 16
 2014 and the successor period
 reflecting the Sponsor Acquisition from July 17
 2014 to December 31
 2014.







The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business
 major products or services
 principal markets including location
 and the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination
 including but not limited to
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings. For an entity that has not commenced principal operations
 disclosures about the risks and uncertainties related to the activities in which the entity is currently engaged and an understanding of what those activities are being directed toward.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







The consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with GAAP.  Management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses during the reporting period.  The Company routinely evaluates its estimates
 including those related to accruals and allowances for customer programs and incentives
 bad debts
 income taxes
 long-lived assets
 inventories
 equity-based compensation
The Company&#8217;s future results of operations involve a number of risks and uncertainties.  Factors that could affect the Company&#8217;s future operating results and cause actual results to vary materially from expectations include
 but are not limited to
 fluctuations in commodity prices
 specifically popcorn kernels
 potatoes and sunflower oil
 continued acceptance of the Company&#8217;s products
 competition from substitute products and larger companies and dependence on strategic relationships.  In North America
 the Company relies on contract manufacturers to manufacture and third-party logistics to distribute its products. The Company&#8217;s manufacturers and suppliers may encounter supply interruptions or problems during manufacturing due to a variety of reasons
 including failure to comply with applicable regulations
 equipment malfunction and weather and environmental factors
Exchange adjustments resulting from foreign currency transactions are recognized as a component of other non-operating income (loss) in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).  For the Company's non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the reporting date. The accounting guidance establishes a three-tiered hierarchy
Level 2&#8212;Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable
 either directly or indirectly
The carrying amounts of the Company&#8217;s financial instruments
 including cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities
 approximate fair value due to their relatively short maturities.  Our term loan and revolving credit facility bear interest at a variable interest rate plus an applicable margin and
 therefore
 carrying amount approximates fair value.  The fair value of our term loan and revolving credit facility are estimated based on Level 2 inputs
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
25
2
1
2
27
entered into in connection with the Company's acquisition of SkinnyPop in July 2014.  As of December 31
 2015
in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).  To determine the fair value
 the Company valued the total contingent compensation liability based on the expected probability weighted compensation payments corresponding to certain contribution margin benchmarks defined in the employment agreements
 at December 31
 2015
 in remaining payments based on the Company's achievement of certain contribution margin benchmarks defined in the employment agreements
Balance as of July 17
8
(1
Balance as of December 31
6
18
Balance as of December 31
25
(25
Balance as of December 31
In connection with the acquisition of Boundless Nutrition
 LLC (&#8220;Boundless Nutrition&#8221;) in April 2016
 payment of a portion of the purchase price is contingent upon the achievement for the year ending December 31
 2018 (Boundless Earn-out Period) of a defined contribution margin in excess of the sum of the original principal amount and accrued interest of the notes issued to the sellers of Boundless Nutrition (see Notes Payable discussion below for additional details).  As of the acquisition date
.  At December 31
 2016
 the Company adjusted the fair value of the contingent consideration to be approximately 
 based on a change in estimate used in the fair value calculation as of the acquisition date.  This adjustment resulted in a decrease to goodwill and intangible assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet.   The Company is required to reassess the fair value of the contingent consideration at each reporting period.  During the year ended December 31
 2016
In connection with the acquisition of Paqui
 LLC (&#8220;Paqui&#8221;) in April 2015
 payment of a portion of the purchase price is contingent upon the achievement for the year ending December 31
 2018 (Earn-out Period) of a defined contribution margin in excess of the sum of the original principal amount and accrued interest of the notes issued to the sellers of Paqui (see Notes Payable discussion below for additional details).  As of the acquisition date
 (see Note 3) and the Company is required to reassess the fair value of the contingent consideration at each reporting period.  At December 31
 2015
 the Company remeasured the fair value of the contingent consideration based on a revised forecast of Paqui operating results for the Earn-out Period
 resulting in a non-cash loss of approximately 
 which is included in loss on change in fair value of contingent consideration in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the successor year ended December 31
 2015.  During the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company again remeasured the fair value of the contingent consideration to be approximately 
 based on a revised forecast of Paqui operating results for the Paqui Earn-out Period.  This adjustment resulted in non-cash gain of approximately 
 which is included in gain on change in fair value of contingent consideration in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the successor year ended December 31
The significant inputs used in the fair value estimates include numerous gross sales scenarios for the Earn-out Periods for which probabilities are assigned to each scenario to arrive at a single estimated outcome (Level 3).  The estimated outcome is then discounted based on the individual risk analysis of the liability.  The present value of the estimated outcome is used as the underlying price and the sum of the original principal amount and accrued interest of the notes issued to the sellers of Paqui (earn-out threshold) is used as the exercise price in the Black-Scholes option pricing model.  Although the Company believes its estimates and assumptions are reasonable
 different assumptions
 including those regarding the operating results of Paqui
Balance as of December 31
1
Balance as of December 31
1
1
Balance as of December 31
2
In April 2016
 with principal and interest due at varying maturity dates between April 29
 2017 and December 31
 based on market rates for debt instruments with similar terms (Level 3)
In April 2015
 with principal and interest due at maturity on March&#160;31
 based on market rates for debt instruments with similar terms (Level 3)
In our North American operations
In our international operations
 inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market using the first-in
 first-out method. The Company owns the manufacturing facilities used for production. The costs of finished goods inventories include raw materials
 direct labor
 indirect production
Write-downs are provided for finished goods expected to become non-saleable due to age and provisions are specifically made for slow moving or obsolete raw ingredients and packaging.  We also adjust the carrying value of our inventories when we believe that the net realizable value is less than the carrying value. These write-downs are measured as the difference between the cost of the inventory
 including estimated costs to complete and estimated selling prices. Charges related to slow moving or obsolete items are recorded as a component of cost of goods sold. Charges related to packaging redesigns are recorded as a component of selling and marketing expenses. Once inventory is written down
 a new
Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation.  Depreciation on machinery and equipment is provided in amounts sufficient to relate the cost of the assets to operations over their estimated service lives
 years
 years
We continually evaluate whether events and circumstances have occurred that indicate the remaining estimated useful life of long-lived assets may warrant revision
 or that the remaining balance of these assets may not be recoverable. When deemed necessary
 we complete this evaluation by comparing the carrying amount of the assets against the estimated undiscounted future cash flows associated with them.  If such evaluations indicate that the future undiscounted cash flows of amortizable long-lived assets are not sufficient to recover the carrying value of such assets
Costs incurred in connection with debt issuances have been deferred
Goodwill is tested annually for impairment or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred.  We have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount.  Otherwise
 the impairment analysis for goodwill includes a comparison of our carrying value (including goodwill) to our estimated fair value.  If the fair value does not exceed the carrying value
 then an impairment charge for the shortage is recorded. If the excess of the fair value of our identifiable assets and liabilities is less than the carrying value of recorded goodwill
 an impairment charge is recorded for the difference.  The Company performs its required annual assessment of goodwill as of July&#160;1
Other intangible assets are comprised of both finite and indefinite-lived intangible assets.  Indefinite-lived intangible assets
 including our trade names
 are not amortized.  The Company has the option to first assess the qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount.  Otherwise
 indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested annually for impairment
An intangible asset is determined to have an indefinite useful life when there are no legal
 regulatory
 contractual
 competitive
 economic or any other factors that may limit the period over which the asset is expected to contribute directly or indirectly to our future cash flows.  In each reporting period
 we also evaluate the remaining useful life of an intangible asset that is not being amortized to determine whether events and circumstances continue to support an indefinite useful life.  If an intangible asset that is not being amortized is determined to have a finite useful life
The Company generally expenses legal and related costs incurred in defending or protecting its intellectual property unless it can be established that such costs have added economic value to the business enterprise
Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable and prior to any annual impairment test.  Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset.  If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows
 impairment of long-lived assets during the successor years ended December&#160;31
 2016 and 2015
 the successor period July 17
 2014 to December 31
 2014
 and the predecessor period January 1
 2014 to July 16
Recognition of Net Sales
Net sales are recognized when the earnings process is complete and the risks and rewards of ownership have transferred to the customer
 which occurs upon the receipt and acceptance of product by the customer.  The Company&#8217;s customers are primarily businesses that are stocking its products.  The earnings process is complete once the customer order has been placed and approved and the product shipped has been received by the customer or when product is picked up by the Company&#8217;s customers at the Company&#8217;s co-manufacturer.  Product is sold to customers on credit terms established on a customer-by-customer basis.  The credit factors used include historical performance
The Company offers its customers a variety of sales and incentive programs
 including price discounts
 coupons
 slotting fees
As of December&#160;31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company recorded total allowances against trade accounts receivable of $
Balance as of December 31
1
1
8
8
(9
(9
Balance as of July 16
11
11
(9
(9
Balance as of December 31
2
2
28
28
(29
(29
Balance as of December 31
2
2
41
41
(34
(34
Balance as of December 31
9
9
Cost of goods sold consists of the costs of ingredients and packaging utilized in the manufacture of products
 contract manufacturing fees
 shipping and handling costs to external customers
 equipment repairs
 in-bound freight charges
Sales and marketing expenses include salaries and wages
 commissions
 broker fees
Also
 included in sales and marketing expense are costs and fees related to the execution of in-store product demonstrations with club stores or grocery retailers
 for the successor years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 for the successor period July 17
 2014 to December 31
 for the predecessor period January&#160;1
 2014 to July&#160;16
 2014.  The cost of product used in the demonstrations
 which is insignificant
 and the fees paid to the independent third-party providers who conduct the in-store demonstrations
 are recorded as an expense when the event occurs.  Product demonstrations are conducted by independent third-party providers designated by the various retailer or club chains.  During the in-store demonstrations
We advertise through several forms of media
 including print
 social and digital and sponsorships. For the successor years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 we incurred approximately 
 respectively
 of advertising-related expenses.  Advertising expense was immaterial for the successor period July 17
 2014 to December 31
 2014 and the predecessor period January 1
 2014 to July 16
The Company has defined contribution plans covering substantially all domestic and international employees who meet certain service and eligibility requirements.  For the successor years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company contributed 
 respectively
 towards these plans.  The Company did not have any defined contribution plans in the successor period July 17
 2014 to December 31
 2014 and the predecessor period January 1
 2014 to July 16
The Company records equity-based compensation in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board&#8217;s (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) Topic 718
 &#8220;Compensation&#8212;Stock Compensation&#8221;
Financial instruments which potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash
Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
July 17
 2014 to December 31
January 1
 2014 to July 16
December&#160;31
 2016
 no customers represented more than 10% of our consolidated accounts receivable balance. Costco and Sam's club represented 
 respectively
December&#160;31
.  The Company outsources the manufacturing of its products to Assemblers Food Packaging LLC (&#8220;Assemblers&#8221;)
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2015
Basic earnings per share/unit has been computed based upon the weighted average number of common shares/units outstanding.  The Company's unvested shares of restricted common stock contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends and are considered to be participating securities in accordance with GAAP and
 therefore are included in the computation of basic earnings per share under the two-class method.  The two-class method is an earnings allocation formula that determines earnings per share for each class of common shares and participating securities according to dividends declared and participation rights in undistributed earnings.  Diluted earnings per share/unit has been computed based upon the weighted average number of common shares/units outstanding plus the effect of all potentially dilutive common stock equivalents
 except when the effect would be anti-dilutive.  The dilutive effect of unvested restricted stock units (RSUs) and unvested stock options has been accounted for using the two-class method or the treasury stock method
As discussed in Note 1
 in August 2015
 the Company completed the Corporate Reorganization immediately prior to the Company's IPO.  For purposes of computing net income per share
 it is assumed that the reorganization of the Company had occurred for all successor periods presented and therefore the outstanding shares have been adjusted to reflect the conversion of shares that took place in contemplation of the IPO.  Accordingly
 the denominators in the computations of basic and diluted net income per share for the successor period July 17
 2014 to December 31
 2014
(in thousands
Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
July 17
 2014 to December 31
January 1
 2014 to July 16
27
9
4
30
(1
25
9
4
30
75
471
74
747
68
716
(4
032
(6
410
(1
127
71
438
68
337
67
588
76
75
471
74
747
68
716
82
75
553
74
747
68
716
(4
032
(6
410
(1
127
71
521
68
337
67
588
76
402
15
 unvested RSUs for the successor years ended December 31
2016 and 2015
 respectively
220
6
31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
Deferred income taxes are provided for the differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and income tax purposes
 measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse.  A valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized based on historical and projected earnings and realization. We record a liability for all tax positions if it is not &#8220;more likely than not&#8221; that the position is sustainable based on its technical merits.  The Company's policy is to accrue interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense.  At December&#160;31
 2016
Considerable management judgment is necessary to assess the inherent uncertainties related to the interpretations of complex tax laws
 regulations and taxing authority rulings
It is the Company's intention to permanently reinvest all foreign earnings outside the United States
As discussed in more detail in Note 10
 immediately prior to the consummation of the IPO in August 2015
 the Company entered into a TRA with the former holders of units in Topco.  In December 2015
 all of the former holders of the units in Topco collectively assigned their interests to a new counterparty.  In August 2015
 based on the full and undiscounted amount of expected future payments under the TRA in consideration of a reduction in the Company's future U.S. federal
 state and local taxes resulting from the utilization of certain tax attributes.  The Company accounted for the obligation under the TRA as a dividend and elected to reduce additional paid in capital.  Subsequent adjustments of the TRA obligation due to certain events
 such as potential changes in tax rates or insufficient taxable income
 under the TRA during 2016
In January 2017
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2017-04
 Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment.  ASU 2017-04 simplifies the accounting for goodwill impairments by eliminating Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. Under the previous guidance an impairment of goodwill is when the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value
 whereas under the new guidance a goodwill impairment loss would be recognized if the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to the that reporting units. The ASU is effective for annual and any interim impairment tests for periods beginning after December 15
 2019.  Early adoption is permitted for interim or annual goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1
 2017.  We adopted this standard in January 2017
In August 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-15
 Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  ASU 2016-15 clarifies how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows under Topic 230.  This ASU is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2017.  Early application is permitted. The Company is in the process of assessing the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-15 on its financial position
 results of operations
In June 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13 &#8220;Financial Instruments-Credit Losses&#8221; (Topic 326)
 which amends the guidance on the impairment of financial instruments. The standard adds an impairment model
 referred to as current expected credit loss
 which is based on expected losses rather than incurred losses. The standard applies to most debt instruments
 trade receivables
 lease receivables
 reinsurance receivables
 financial guarantees and loan commitments. Under the guidance
 companies are required to disclose credit quality indicators disaggregated by year of origination for a five-year period. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those fiscal years beginning after December 15
In March 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net). ASU 2016-08 clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations. In April 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing. ASU 2016-10 clarifies the implementation guidance on identifying performance obligations. In May 2019
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients.  ASU 2016-12 addresses narrow-scope improvements to the guidance on collectability
 non-cash consideration
 and completed contracts at transition. Additionally
 this ASU provides a practical expedient for contract modifications at transition and an accounting policy election related to the presentation of sales taxes and other similar taxes collected from customers. These ASUs apply to all companies that enter into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services. These ASUs are effective for public entities for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017. Early adoption is permitted
 but not before interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
In March 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09
 Compensation &#8211; Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting
 which is intended to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions
 including the income tax consequences
 classification of awards as either equity or liabilities
 and classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016. Early application is permitted. The Company adopted the standard on October 1
 2016 and the adoption did not have an impact on its results of operations
In February 2016
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842)
 which requires lessees to recognize assets and liabilities related to lease arrangements longer than twelve months on the balance sheet. This standard also requires additional disclosures by lessees and contains targeted changes to accounting by lessors.  The updated guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 and early adoption is permitted.  The Company is in the process of assessing the impact of the adoption of ASU No. 2016-02 on its financial position
 results of operations
 cash flows and financial statement disclosures but does not believe the adoption will have a material impact.  As of December 31
 2016
In September 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-16
 Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments
 which simplifies the accounting for adjustments made to provisional amounts recognized in a business combination by eliminating the requirement to retrospectively account for those adjustments.  This revised guidance was effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2015
In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15
 &#8220;Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated With Line-of-Credit Arrangements-Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18
 2015 EITF Meeting&#8221; to clarify that given the absence of authoritative guidance within ASU No. 2015-03 for debt issuance costs related to the line-of-credit arrangements
In July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-11
 Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory
 which applies to inventory that is measured using first-in
 first-out (FIFO) or average cost.  Under the updated guidance
 an entity should measure inventory that is within scope at the lower of cost and net realizable value
 which is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal and transportation.  This ASU is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2016
In April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#160;2015-03
 &#8220;Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs&#8221;
&#160;which changes the presentation of debt issuance costs in financial statements.  ASU No.&#160;2015-03 requires an entity to present such costs in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the related debt liability
 rather than as an asset.  Amortization of the costs will continue to be reported as interest expense.  The Company adopted the provisions of ASU 2015-03 retrospectively on January 1
 2016.  Debt issuance costs are now presented as a reduction to the Senior term loan and revolving credit facility balances on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015.  As a result
 of debt issuance costs from Other assets to Senior term loan on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
In August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#160;2014-15
 &#8220;Presentation of Financial Statements&#8212;Going Concern: Disclosures about an Entity&#8217;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern&#8221;.  The new standard requires management to perform interim and annual assessments of an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date the financial statements are issued.  An entity must provide certain disclosures if conditions or events raise substantial doubt about the entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.  We applied the standard for our year ended December 31
In May 2014
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) No.&#160;2014-09
 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&#8221;.  This ASU supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Accounting Standards Codification 605
 &#8220;Revenue Recognition&#8221;
 and most industry-specific guidance throughout the Codification.  The standard requires entities to recognize the amount of revenue that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Deferral of the Effective Date
 which deferred the effective date of ASU No. 2014- 09 by one year
 to December 15
 2017 for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after that date. The FASB will permit early adoption of the standard
 but not before the original effective date of December 15
 2016. The Company is in the process of assessing both the method and the impact of the adoption of ASU No. 2014-09 on its financial position
 results of operations
 cash flows and financial statement disclosures. The company anticipates the primary impact of the adoption on our consolidated financial statements will be the additional disclosure requirements around revenue recognition in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. Other areas where we may potentially be impacted relate to the timing of the transfer of ownership and accounting surrounding our trade promotions.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







On September 2
 2016
 of the voting interests of Tyrrells Group
 an international manufacturer and distributor of BFY snacks
This acquisition has been accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting
 whereby the purchase consideration was allocated to tangible and intangible net assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their estimated fair values on the date of acquisition.  The excess purchase consideration over fair value of net assets acquired and liabilities assumed was recorded as goodwill and represents a value attributable to brand recognition associated with Tyrrells Group's products and position in the BFY snack category.  For tax purposes the basis in assets carried over from Tyrrells
 of acquisition-related costs during the year ended December 31
 2016
 which is included as part of general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). Since the acquisition date
 of net income to the Company for the successor year ended December 31
 2016.  As of the acquisition date
 of gross accounts receivable
 will be uncollectable related to promotional activities and uncollectable receivables. In connection with the Tyrrells Group acquisition
 of goodwill from expected synergies due to our ability to expand our North American products overseas
 added diversification of our BFY snack portfolio
 year from the acquisition date to finalize the valuation of the acquired intangible assets
 including goodwill.  Management is responsible for these internal and third-party valuations and appraisals and is continuing to review the amounts and allocations.  The Company&#8217;s purchase price allocation for the Tyrrells Group acquisition is preliminary and subject to revision as additional information is obtained related to the fair value of assets and liabilities associated with potential uncertain tax positions
 the fair value of acquired property
 plant and equipment
 as well as valuations related to trade names and customer relationships.  During the&#160;three months ended&#160;December&#160;31
 2016
 the Company revised the fair value estimates associated with its acquisition accounting for the Tyrrells Group acquisition consummated on September 2
 2016 that resulted in adjustments to the previously reported allocation of purchase consideration. The adjustments were a result of changes to the original fair value estimates of certain items acquired and are the result of additional information obtained since September 2
381
381
35
35
416
416
(15
(15
Total purchase price
400
400
21
21
8
8
47
(5
42
2
2
252
9
261
33
10
44
(19
(19
(15
1
(13
(55
4
(51
276
20
297
124
(20
103
The following unaudited pro forma combined statements of operations presents the Company's operations as if the Tyrrells Group acquisition and related financing activities had occurred on January 1
 2015.  The pro forma information includes the following adjustments (i) amortization of acquired definite-lived intangible assets; (ii) depreciation based on the fair value of acquired property and equipment; (iii) interest expense incurred in connection with incremental term loan borrowings used to finance the acquisition of Tyrrells Group; (iv) inclusion of equity-based compensation expense associated with equity awards granted to certain Tyrrells Group's employees in connection with the acquisition; and (v) inclusion of acquisition-related expenses in the earliest period presented.  The pro forma combined statements of operations are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations as they would have been had the transaction been effected on the assumed date and are not intended to be a projection of future results (in thousands
Year Ended December 31
358
301
6
(7
In April 2016
 of the voting rights of Boundless Nutrition
 a manufacturer and distributor of the Oatmega protein snack bar and a line of BFY cookie products
 of acquisition-related costs during the year ended December 31
 2016
Since the acquisition date
 for the successor year ended December 31
 2016.  The Company does not allocate overhead to the Oatmega brand and therefore has not reported net income as a result of this acquisition. In connection with the Boundless Nutrition acquisition
 of goodwill from expected synergies due to our ability to diversify our product offerings and leverage our North American distribution channels. For tax purposes
 the acquisition is treated as an acquisition of assets
The Company completed its review of the purchase consideration and estimated fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition
16
3
1
21
21
2
9
2
(1
12
8
In April 2015
 of the voting rights of Paqui
. This acquisition has been accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting
 of acquisition-related costs during the successor year ended December&#160;31
 2015
 for the successor years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.  The Company does not allocate overhead to the Paqui brand and therefore has not reported net income as a result of the acquisition.  In connection with the Paqui acquisition
 of goodwill
 related to acquiring a BFY brand
 which competes in the tortilla chip category
 where we believe no BFY company has emerged as the industry leader. We expect to leverage our existing sales and distribution channels to grow the brand. For tax purposes
 the acquisition is treated as an acquisition of assets
8
3
12
11
9
1
10
1
727







The entire disclosure for a business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations) completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. The disclosure may include leverage buyout transactions (as applicable).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Inventories
 net of reserves and provisions
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
9
4
8
2
Inventories
18
6
December&#160;31
 and 2015
 we had approximately 
 respectively
 in reserves for finished goods deemed unsaleable and raw materials and packaging deemed obsolete.  If future demand or market conditions are less favorable than those projected by our management
 additional inventory write-downs may be required.



































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]





Property and equipment are recorded at cost.  Accumulated depreciation is recognized ratably over the expected useful life of the asset.  Property and equipment
December 31
December&#160;31
35
1
4
3
3
Property and equipment
48
2
(2
Property and equipment
45
2
 for the successor years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 for the successor period July 17
 2014 to December 31
 for the predecessor period January 1
 2014 to July 16
 2014.  Depreciation expense is included in cost of goods sold and general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Balance as of December 31
45
45
1
1
Balance as of December 31
47
47
8
103
111
(7
(7
Balance as of December 31
55
96
151
Tyrrells Group in September 2016
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
464
464
211
211
106
(11
95
63
(6
57
571
(11
559
275
(6
269
 for the successor years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 for the successor period July 17
 2014 to December 31
 amortization expense in the predecessor period January 1
 2014 to July 16
 2014.  Amortization of finite-lived intangible assets is included as part of general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). The weighted average remaining amortization period of intangible assets at December 31
December&#160;31
7
7
7
7
7
59
95
ASC 350
 Intangibles - Goodwill and Other
 requires companies to test goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles for impairment annually and more frequently if indicators of impairment exist.  Accordingly
 the Company performed its annual assessment of fair value as of July 1
 2016
 for its reporting units and trade names and concluded there was 



































The entire disclosure for the aggregate amount of goodwill and a description of intangible assets
 which may include (a) for amortizable intangible assets (also referred to as finite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 the amount of any significant residual value
 and the weighted-average amortization period
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization (also referred to as indefinite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 and (c) the amount of research and development assets acquired and written off in the period
 including the line item in the income statement in which the amounts written off are aggregated
 if not readily apparent from the income statement. Also discloses (a) for amortizable intangibles assets in total and by major class
 the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization
 the total amortization expense for the period
 and the estimated aggregate amortization expense for each of the five succeeding fiscal years
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization the carrying amount in total and by major class
 and (c) for goodwill
 in total and for each reportable segment
 the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the period (including the aggregate amount of goodwill acquired
 the aggregate amount of impairment losses recognized
 and the amount of goodwill included in the gain (loss) on disposal of a reporting unit). If any part of goodwill has not been allocated to a reportable segment
 discloses the unallocated amount and the reasons for not allocating. For each impairment loss recognized related to an intangible asset (excluding goodwill)
 discloses: (a) a description of the impaired intangible asset and the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method for determining fair value
 (c) the caption in the income statement or the statement of activities in which the impairment loss is aggregated
 and (d) the segment in which the impaired intangible asset is reported. For each goodwill impairment loss recognized
 discloses: (a) a description of the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method of determining the fair value of the associated reporting unit
 and (c) if a recognized impairment loss is an estimate not finalized and the reasons why the estimate is not final.  May also disclose the nature and amount of any significant adjustments made to a previous estimate of an impairment loss.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets Disclosure [Abstract]





December&#160;31
December&#160;31
16
3
(1
Deferred financing costs
15
2
 for the successor years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 for the successor period July 17
 2014 to December 31
 amortization expense for deferred financing costs in the predecessor period January 1
 2014 to July 16
 2014.  Amortization of deferred financing costs is included as part of interest expense on the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







December&#160;31
December&#160;31
2
2
2
3
1
12
5
230








 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)
20
24)




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Term loans
 net of unamortized original issue discount of $6
321 and $-0-
592
197
8
Notes payable
 net of unamortized discount of $236 and $147
7
3
Deferred financing costs
 net of accumulated amortization of $813 and $1
094
(15
(2
592
198
(6
(12
585
185
Upon adoption of ASU 2015-03
 the Company began to present deferred financing costs
 net as a reduction to the related liability in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015.  As a result
 the deferred financing costs
 was reclassified from Other assets to Senior term loan on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
In connection with the acquisition of Tyrrells Group
 the Company entered into a Credit Agreement on September 2
 2016 (the Credit Facility)
 (the Revolving Loans)
 of which $20 million is denominated in pounds sterling.  The Company borrowed from the Term Loans in full to finance the acquisition of Tyrrells Group and pay down all outstanding indebtedness under the Credit Agreement entered into on July 17
 2014 (the Prior Credit Facility).  As of December 31
 2016
In connection with the issuance of the Credit Facility
 the Company incurred an original issue discount (OID) of approximately 
 which are capitalized and presented as a direct reduction to the related debt instrument in the consolidated balance sheets. These costs are recognized as additional interest expense over the term of the related debt instrument using the effective interest method.  In addition
 per quarter due on the last day of each quarter beginning with the quarter ending December 31
 2016
.  The Term Loans and Revolving Loans are scheduled to mature on September 2
 2023 and September 2
 2021
In addition to the installment payments described above
 of the Company's excess cash flow as measured on annual basis
 of the Company's excess cash flow if the Company's Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Facility)
 tested as of the last day of the Company's fiscal year
 to 1.00
 to 1.00
 respectively.  Excess cash flow is generally defined as the Company's  Consolidated Net Income (as defined in the Credit Facility) less debt service costs
 unfinanced capital expenditures
 unfinanced acquisition expenditures
 and certain restricted payments
 as adjusted for changes in the Company's working capital and less other customary items.  The excess cash flow requirement discussed above will commence with the fiscal year ending December 31
In addition
 the Credit Facility requires mandatory prepayment of the Term Loans from the net cash proceeds of (i) certain debt issuances and (ii) certain asset sales outside the ordinary course of business and from proceeds of property insurance and condemnation events
 of the principal amount of such prepayment
 if such prepayment is made on or prior to the date that is twelve months after September 2
The Term Loans bear interest
 at the Company's option
 at either the Eurodollar rate plus a margin of 
 with step-downs to 
 respectively
 floor with respect to the Term Loans.  As of December 31
 2016
 per annum
The Credit Facility is secured by liens on substantially all the Company's assets
 of the non-voting equity interests in the Company's direct foreign subsidiaries.  All obligations under the Credit Facility are unconditionally guaranteed by substantially all of the Company's direct and indirect domestic subsidiaries
 with certain exceptions.  These guarantees are secured by substantially all of the present and future property and assets of the guarantors
As of the last day of any fiscal quarter of the Company
 to 1.0
 initially
 to 1.0 over the term of the New Credit Facility.  As of December&#160;31
 2016
The Credit Facility contains customary affirmative covenants for transactions of this type and other affirmative covenants agreed to by the parties
 including
 among others
 the provision of annual and quarterly financial statements and compliance certificates
 maintenance of property
 insurance
 compliance with laws and environmental matters. The Credit Facility contains customary negative covenants
 including
 among others
 restrictions on the incurrence of indebtedness
 granting of liens
 making investments and acquisitions
 paying dividends
 repurchases of equity interests in the Company
 entering into affiliate transactions and asset sales.  The Credit Facility also provides for a number of customary events of default
 including
 among others
 payment
 bankruptcy
 covenant
 representation and warranty
In April 2016
 with principal and interest due at varying maturity dates between April 29
 2017 and December 31
 based on market rates for debt instruments with similar terms
In  April 2015
 with principal and interest due at maturity on March&#160;31
 based on market rates for debt instruments with similar terms
 which is amortized to interest expense over the term of the notes using the effective-interest method.
 deferred financing costs
December&#160;31
 2016
7
12
6
6
14
568
614
905



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







In connection with the Sponsor Acquisition in July 2014
 the Company entered into employment agreements with the founders of SkinnyPop.  Under the terms of the founders' employment agreements
 which ended on December 31
 2015
$200
 (the &#8220;Cash Payment&#8221;)
 based on achievement by the Company of certain contribution margin metrics during the period commencing on January&#160;1
 2015 and ending on December&#160;31
 2015.  Furthermore
 in connection with the Cash Payment
 the Company provided each founder with an additional payment equal to (i)&#160;in the case of the taxable year in which the cash payment is paid or any subsequent taxable year
 the net excess (if any) of (A)&#160;the taxes that would have been paid by the Company in respect of such taxable year calculated without taking into account the payment of the cash payment over (B)&#160;the actual taxes payable by the Company in respect of such taxable year and (ii)&#160;in the case of any taxable year prior to the year in which the cash payment is paid
Immediately prior to the consummation of the IPO in August 2015
 the Company entered into a Tax Receivable Agreement (TRA) with the former holders of units in Topco.  In December 2015
 of the U.S. federal
 of the U.S. federal
 state and local tax benefits realized from the utilization of such tax attributes.  Unless earlier terminated in accordance with its terms
 the TRA will continue in force and effect until there is no further potential for tax benefit payments to be made by us to the counterparty in respect of the U.S. federal
 state and local tax benefits that are subject of the agreement.  Based on current tax rules and regulations
The amount payable to the counterparty is based on an annual calculation of the reduction in our U.S. federal
 state and local taxes resulting from the utilization of these tax attributes.  For purposes of determining the reduction in taxes resulting from the utilization of these pre-IPO tax attributes
 we were required to assume that pre-IPO tax attributes are utilized before any other attributes.  We expect the payments that we may make under the TRA will be substantial.  In addition
 if the IRS were to successfully challenge the tax benefits that give rise to any payments under the TRA
 our future payments under the TRA would be reduced by the amount of such payments
In August 2015
 based on the full and undiscounted amount of expected future payments under the TRA
 was paid in October 2016.  Subsequent adjustments of the TRA obligation due to certain events
 such as potential changes in tax rates or insufficient taxable income
 will be recognized as a period expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).  At December 31
 2016
 based on changes to current year actual results and estimates of the future state blended tax rate
 we reduced our TRA obligation by approximately 
 which is included within other income and expense on the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the successor year ended December 31
As of December 31
 2016
7
6
6
6
6
55
89
 consulting services agreements with one of our former shareholders
 Precision Capital Group LLC
-day period subsequent to the Sponsor Acquisition.  Our executive vice president of sales and marketing is a former employee and a current equity holder of Precision.  In addition to his investment in the Company in connection with the Sponsor Acquisition
 for the successor period July 17
 2014 to December 31
 for the predecessor period January 1
 2014 to July 16
 fees related to these agreements for the successor years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 and the Company was not a party to any agreements with Precision as of December 31
The Company leases office space from a related party
 Monticello Partners LLC
 which is wholly owned by one of the Company's shareholders.  The lease agreement expires on August&#160;31
Future minimum lease payments for this lease
December&#160;31
 2016
 were as follows (in thousands):













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







The Company entered into certain supply contracts for ingredients such as popcorn kernels
 oils
 potatoes
 root vegetables and various ingredients used in Oatmega protein bars.  Certain contracts also stipulate that if the Company fails to purchase the stated quantities within the time period specified
 the Company has the option to purchase all remaining quantities under the contract
 or the seller has the right to assess liquidated damages
December&#160;31
 2016
26
7
34
On April&#160;29
 2015
 the Company and a third-party co-manufacturer amended their manufacture and supply agreement dated February 27
 2014 (the &#8220;Amended Contract&#8221;).  The Amended Contract extends the initial term through February 27
 2022.  Pursuant to the terms of the Amended Contract
 the Company is required to pay an early termination fee and is obligated to make certain annual minimum purchases from the third-party co-manufacturer.  As part of the Amended Contract
The Company entered into an operating lease on February 26
 2015 (Effective Date) for its corporate headquarters located in Austin
Boundless Nutrition entered into an operating lease for an office space and manufacturing facility in November 2014
December&#160;31
 and 2015
 respectively.  Rent expense was not material for the successor period July 17
 2014 to December 31
 2014 and predecessor period January 1
 2014 to July 16
December&#160;31
 2016
1
1
5
From time to time
 the Company is subject to claims and assessments in the ordinary course of business.  The Company is not currently a party to any litigation matter that
 individually or in the aggregate
 is expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company&#8217;s business
 financial condition
 results from operations or cash flow.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
July 17
 2014 to December 31
32
24
8
9
42
24
8
Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
July 17
 2014 to December 31
11
4
5
2
1
1
13
6
6
1
6
(2
1
1
8
(3
15
14
3
December 31
December&#160;31
1
4
1
1
9
3
(1
(63
(8
(64
(8
(54
(5
Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
July 17
 2014 to December 31
State taxes
At December 31
 2016
 from the acquisition of  the Tyrrells Group's U.S. subsidiary
At December 31
 2016
 we had foreign net operating loss carryforwards of 
 which are available to offset future foreign taxable income
In the U.S.
 tax returns for 2014 and 2015 remain open and subject to examination.&#160;&#160;In the U.K.
 tax years ending in 2014 and later remain open and subject to examination.&#160; In Australia
 tax years ending in 2013 and later remain open and subject to examination.  In Germany
It is the Company&#8217;s intention to indefinitely reinvest all foreign earnings outside the United States
 have any uncertain tax positions as of December 31
 2016.  The Company's policy is to accrue interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense.  For the periods presented
 the Company did not recognize any interest or penalties.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]





In July 2015
 the Amplify Snack Brands
 Inc. 2015 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan) was adopted by our board of directors
 approved by our stockholders and became effective immediately prior to the consummation of our IPO in August 2015.  The 2015 Plan provides for the grant of various equity-based incentive awards to officers
 employees
 non-employee directors and consultants of the Company and its subsidiaries.  The types of awards that may be granted under the 2015 Plan include incentive stock options
 non-qualified stock options
 restricted stock awards (RSAs)
 restricted stock units (RSUs)
13
050
 shares of our common stock for issuance under the 2015 Plan
 which is subject to certain adjustments for changes in the Company's capital structure
December&#160;31
 2016
3
953
The equity-based compensation expense
 net of forfeitures
 is recognized using a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the awards
 for the successor years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 for the successor period July&#160;17
 2014 to December&#160;31
 equity-based compensation expense in the predecessor period January&#160;1
 2014 to July&#160;16
The Company awards stock options to certain employees under the 2015 Plan
 which are generally subject to the following time-based vesting conditions
 on the first anniversary of the grant date
 and thereafter
 months
 subject to continued service through each applicable vesting date.  Upon a termination of service relationship by the Company
Year Ended December 31
The risk-free interest rate was based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant
The following table summarizes the Company's stock option activity for the successor years ended December 31
Outstanding as of December 31
150
Outstanding as of December 31
150
342
(150
Outstanding as of December 31
342
Exercisable as of December 31
37
During the year ended December 31
 2016
37
150
 options was forfeited.  As a result
As of December 31
 2016
 over which it is expected to be recognized.  As of December 31
 2016
 intrinsic value as of December 31
 2016
The Company awards RSUs to certain employees under the 2015 Plan
-year period are subject to the following time-based vesting conditions
 on the first anniversary of the grant date
 and thereafter
 months
-year period are generally subject to the following time-based vesting conditions
 on the first anniversary of the grant date
 and thereafter
 months
 subject to continued service through each applicable vesting date.  Upon a termination of service relationship by the Company
The following table summarizes the activity of the Company's unvested RSUs for the successor years ended December 31
Unvested as of December 31
98
Unvested as of December&#160;31
98
1
619
(56
(21
Unvested as of December 31
1
640
Based on our closing stock price at December 30
 2016
 as of December 31
As discussed in Note 1
 in connection with the Corporate Reorganization in August 2015
 all of the outstanding equity awards (which were comprised of Class C-1 and C-2 units of Topco) that were granted under the TA Topco 1
 LLC 2014 Equity Incentive Plan
 were converted into shares of the common stock and restricted stock of the Company.  The portion of outstanding Class C units that had vested as of the consummation of the Corporate Reorganization were converted into shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock and the remaining portion of unvested outstanding Class C units were converted into shares of the Company&#8217;s restricted stock
The shares of restricted stock of the Company are generally subject to the following time-based vesting conditions
 in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Class C units from which such shares were converted
 on the first anniversary of the vesting reference date applicable to individual grants
 and thereafter
 months
 subject to continued service through each applicable vesting date.  Upon a termination of service relationship by the Company
The following table summarizes the activity of the Company's unvested RSAs for the successor years ended December 31
Unvested as of December&#160;31
6
343
(156
(1
194
Unvested as of December&#160;31
4
991
(162
(1
880
Unvested as December 31
2
948
12
182
 Class C Units of Topco
Based on our closing stock price at December 30
 2016
 as of December 31
 2016.  We anticipate this expense will be recognized over a weighted average remaining period of 







The entire disclosure for compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation
 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







On September 2
 2016
 the Company completed the acquisition of Tyrrells Group
 a diversified
 international company that manufactures and markets BFY snack foods.  As a result of this transaction
 operating and reportable segments
 North America and International. The North America and International segments both operate in the large and growing global snack food category and whose brands and products are offered in the natural and conventional grocery
 drug
 convenience
 food service
 club
Management considers its chief executive officer to be the Company's chief operating decision maker (CODM) as he regularly reviews operating results of the North America and International segments for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance.  Certain expenses such as professional fees
 insurance and costs related to employees who focus on both our domestic and international business have been excluded from our individual segments profitability measures
 along with non-recurring transaction related expenses that are not part of revenue generating activities.  For purposes of our segment results
 revenue is attributed to individual geographies on the basis of the physical location of where the sales occur.  Prior to the Tyrrells Group acquisition
For the year ended December 31
 2016
 our brands were primarily only sold within their respective geographic segment
  however it is our intention to expand certain brands outside of their current segment. Our segment managers will be responsible for the expansion of brands within their segment. For example
 it is our intention to launch certain Tyrrells brand products in North America nationally in early 2018 and SkinnyPop in international markets in early 2017. It will be the respective geographic segment manager who will be held accountable for the financial performance of the brand expansion by our CODM.  Within our North America segment
 our primary product categories are popcorn
 flavored tortilla chips
 nutritional bars and to a lesser degree cookies
 our International segment primary product families are kettle cooked potato chips or crisps
 vegetable based crisps
We have provided information on our net sales
 depreciation
 amortization
 segment operating income
 stock compensation
 corporate overhead expenses and non-recurring and unusual transaction expenses. Additionally
 we have provided information related to capital expenditures
Year ended December&#160;31
Year ended December&#160;31
July&#160;17

January&#160;1

229
183
64
68
41
270
183
64
68
1
2
4
4
1
5
4
1
82
76
25
32
2
(7
(6
(1
(11
(30
(11
(1
(5
(3
60
36
12
30
22
12
4
(6
1
42
24
8
30
213
182
64
68
33
10
6
1
3
4
270
183
64
68
Included in corporate overhead are administrative costs required to operate effectively as a public company
 recurring professional fees
 corporate-related insurance costs
 personnel costs of our executive team
Included in non-recurring and unusual transactions are expenses that impact operating income that management considers non-recurring in nature
In addition to the transaction-related expenses presented in the Adjusted EBITDA table in Item 7 of this Annual Report
In addition to the transaction-related expenses presented in the Adjusted EBITDA table in Item 7 of this Annual Report
Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
July 17
 2014 to December 31
January 1
 2014 to July 16
 of the segment's net sales for the year ended December 31
Year ended December&#160;31
Year ended December&#160;31
July&#160;17

January&#160;1

1
3
5
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
4
2
41
45
2
December 31
December 31
378
357
459
838
357
932



































The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







2
083
22
000
Pound sterling (&#163;) to U.S. dollar ($) exchange rate on August 5
28
692
Closing stock price on August 5
2
083
On May 19
 2016
11
500
 per share.  The selling stockholders
 which included certain of our directors
 of offering-related expenses during the year ended December 31
 2016
As discussed in Note 1
 immediately following the Corporate Reorganization
15
000
 per share.  The selling stockholders (formerly holders of units in Topco)
 which includes certain of our directors and officers
As of December 31
 2016
 investment funds affiliated with TA Associates
 L.P.
 of the Company's outstanding common shares and are able to exercise a significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval
December&#160;31
As discussed in more detail in Notes 1 and 10
 immediately prior to the consummation of the IPO in August 2015
 the Company entered into a TRA with the former holders of units in Topco pursuant to which such holders received the right to future payments from the Company.  As a result
 based on the full and undiscounted amount of expected future payments under the TRA
Prior to the Corporate Reorganization
 in May 2015 and December 2014
 respectively
 to Topco (the former parent entity of the Company)
 which subsequently distributed such proceeds to its unit holders.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







The following table presents unaudited quarterly consolidated financial results of the Company for the successor year ended December 31
March 31
June 30
September 30
December 31
54
59
67
88
25
27
35
51
28
32
32
36
5
7
8
9
5
6
15
10
11
14
24
20
17
18
7
16
3
3
5
11
(4
(2
1
14
15
5
7
5
6
3
8
8
1
8
74
838
74
798
75
455
76
777
74
838
74
847
75
557
76
811
During the three months ended September 30
 2016
expenses in connection with the acquisition of Tyrrells Group
 which closed in September 2016.  Transaction related expenses     include legal
 accounting
 consulting
On September 2
 2016
    The decrease in income tax expense for the three months ended December 31
The following table presents unaudited quarterly consolidated financial results of the Company for the successor year ended December 31
March 31
June 30
September 30
December 31
44
47
45
46
19
20
20
20
24
26
25
26
3
5
5
4
9
11
16
9
1
12
17
21
15
11
9
4
10
2
3
3
3
8
6
1
7
3
3
4
3
4
3
(2
4
74
449
74
685
74
982
74
865
During the successor three months ended March 31
 2015
 June 30
 2015 and September 30
 2015
 the Company incurred
 
 respectively
payroll taxes paid to employees upon the completion of the IPO
the IPO
 and legal
 accounting
 consulting
 printing
During the successor three months ended September 30
 2015
costs as well as equity-based compensation charges
 both of which were not tax deductible.



































The entire disclosure for quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tabular presentation of financial information for fiscal quarters
 effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability of the information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







The Company entered into a foreign currency option contract in August 2016
 to hedge its exposure to currency fluctuations in connection with the anticipated acquisition of Tyrrells Group
.  In connection with the acquisition of Tyrrells Group on September 2
 2016
 the Company settled this forward currency exchange contract and recorded a gain of approximately 
 and the spot rate on the settlement date.  The Company did not designate this forward currency exchange contract as a cash flow hedge for accounting purposes and the resulting gain was recognized within other income in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the year ended December 31
 2016.



































The entire disclosure for derivative instruments and hedging activities including
 but not limited to
 risk management strategies
 non-hedging derivative instruments
 assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses
 and methodologies and assumptions used in determining the amounts.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016












The consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with GAAP.  Management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses during the reporting period.  The Company routinely evaluates its estimates
 including those related to accruals and allowances for customer programs and incentives
 bad debts
 income taxes
 long-lived assets
 inventories
 equity-based compensation
 accrued broker commissions and contingencies. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.  Actual results could differ from those estimates.




The Company&#8217;s future results of operations involve a number of risks and uncertainties.  Factors that could affect the Company&#8217;s future operating results and cause actual results to vary materially from expectations include
 but are not limited to
 fluctuations in commodity prices
 specifically popcorn kernels
 potatoes and sunflower oil
 continued acceptance of the Company&#8217;s products
 competition from substitute products and larger companies and dependence on strategic relationships.  In North America
 the Company relies on contract manufacturers to manufacture and third-party logistics to distribute its products. The Company&#8217;s manufacturers and suppliers may encounter supply interruptions or problems during manufacturing due to a variety of reasons
 including failure to comply with applicable regulations
 equipment malfunction and weather and environmental factors
 any of which could delay or impede the Company&#8217;s ability to meet demand.




Exchange adjustments resulting from foreign currency transactions are recognized as a component of other non-operating income (loss) in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).  For the Company's non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries
 assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars by using year-end exchange rates. Income and expense items are translated at a weighted-average exchange rate prevailing during the year. Adjustments resulting from translation of financial statements are reflected as a separate component of shareholders' equity.




Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the reporting date. The accounting guidance establishes a three-tiered hierarchy
Level 2&#8212;Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable
 either directly or indirectly
The carrying amounts of the Company&#8217;s financial instruments
 including cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities
 approximate fair value due to their relatively short maturities.  Our term loan and revolving credit facility bear interest at a variable interest rate plus an applicable margin and
 therefore
 carrying amount approximates fair value.  The fair value of our term loan and revolving credit facility are estimated based on Level 2 inputs
 which were quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active.









In our North American operations
In our international operations
 inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market using the first-in
 first-out method. The Company owns the manufacturing facilities used for production. The costs of finished goods inventories include raw materials
 direct labor
 indirect production
Write-downs are provided for finished goods expected to become non-saleable due to age and provisions are specifically made for slow moving or obsolete raw ingredients and packaging.  We also adjust the carrying value of our inventories when we believe that the net realizable value is less than the carrying value. These write-downs are measured as the difference between the cost of the inventory
 including estimated costs to complete and estimated selling prices. Charges related to slow moving or obsolete items are recorded as a component of cost of goods sold. Charges related to packaging redesigns are recorded as a component of selling and marketing expenses. Once inventory is written down
 a new
 lower-cost basis is established. These adjustments are estimates that require management judgment.  Actual results could vary from our estimates and additional inventory write-downs could be required.




We continually evaluate whether events and circumstances have occurred that indicate the remaining estimated useful life of long-lived assets may warrant revision
 or that the remaining balance of these assets may not be recoverable. When deemed necessary
 we complete this evaluation by comparing the carrying amount of the assets against the estimated undiscounted future cash flows associated with them.  If such evaluations indicate that the future undiscounted cash flows of amortizable long-lived assets are not sufficient to recover the carrying value of such assets
Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation.  Depreciation on machinery and equipment is provided in amounts sufficient to relate the cost of the assets to operations over their estimated service lives
 years
 years
 and leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the lease term or estimated useful lives.  Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred.  Assets not yet placed in use are not depreciated.




Costs incurred in connection with debt issuances have been deferred
 and are amortized using the effective interest method over the term of the related debt instrument as interest expense.




Goodwill is tested annually for impairment or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred.  We have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount.  Otherwise
 the impairment analysis for goodwill includes a comparison of our carrying value (including goodwill) to our estimated fair value.  If the fair value does not exceed the carrying value
 then an impairment charge for the shortage is recorded. If the excess of the fair value of our identifiable assets and liabilities is less than the carrying value of recorded goodwill
 an impairment charge is recorded for the difference.  The Company performs its required annual assessment of goodwill as of July&#160;1
Other intangible assets are comprised of both finite and indefinite-lived intangible assets.  Indefinite-lived intangible assets
 including our trade names
 are not amortized.  The Company has the option to first assess the qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount.  Otherwise
 indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested annually for impairment
An intangible asset is determined to have an indefinite useful life when there are no legal
 regulatory
 contractual
 competitive
 economic or any other factors that may limit the period over which the asset is expected to contribute directly or indirectly to our future cash flows.  In each reporting period
 we also evaluate the remaining useful life of an intangible asset that is not being amortized to determine whether events and circumstances continue to support an indefinite useful life.  If an intangible asset that is not being amortized is determined to have a finite useful life
The Company generally expenses legal and related costs incurred in defending or protecting its intellectual property unless it can be established that such costs have added economic value to the business enterprise
 in which case it capitalizes the costs incurred as part of intangible assets.




Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable and prior to any annual impairment test.  Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset.  If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows
 an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset.



Recognition of Net Sales
 Sales Incentives and Trade Accounts Receivable
Recognition of Net Sales
Net sales are recognized when the earnings process is complete and the risks and rewards of ownership have transferred to the customer
 which occurs upon the receipt and acceptance of product by the customer.  The Company&#8217;s customers are primarily businesses that are stocking its products.  The earnings process is complete once the customer order has been placed and approved and the product shipped has been received by the customer or when product is picked up by the Company&#8217;s customers at the Company&#8217;s co-manufacturer.  Product is sold to customers on credit terms established on a customer-by-customer basis.  The credit factors used include historical performance
The Company offers its customers a variety of sales and incentive programs
 including price discounts
 coupons
 slotting fees
 in-store displays and trade advertising.  The costs of these programs are recognized at the time the related sales are recorded and are classified as a reduction in net sales.  These program costs are estimated based on a number of factors including customer participation and performance levels. 




Cost of goods sold consists of the costs of ingredients and packaging utilized in the manufacture of products
 contract manufacturing fees
 shipping and handling costs to external customers
 equipment repairs
 in-bound freight charges
 reserves for inventory obsolescence and depreciation of manufacturing equipment.




Sales and marketing expenses include salaries and wages
 commissions
 broker fees
Also
 included in sales and marketing expense are costs and fees related to the execution of in-store product demonstrations with club stores or grocery retailers
 for the successor years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 for the successor period July 17
 2014 to December 31
 for the predecessor period January&#160;1
 2014 to July&#160;16
 2014.  The cost of product used in the demonstrations
 which is insignificant
 and the fees paid to the independent third-party providers who conduct the in-store demonstrations
 are recorded as an expense when the event occurs.  Product demonstrations are conducted by independent third-party providers designated by the various retailer or club chains.  During the in-store demonstrations
We advertise through several forms of media
 including print
 social and digital and sponsorships. For the successor years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 we incurred approximately 
 respectively
 of advertising-related expenses.  Advertising expense was immaterial for the successor period July 17
 2014 to December 31
 2014 and the predecessor period January 1
 2014 to July 16
 2014.









The Company records equity-based compensation in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board&#8217;s (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) Topic 718
 &#8220;Compensation&#8212;Stock Compensation&#8221;
 which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all equity-based payment awards made to employees and directors including incentive units or employee stock options based on estimated fair values. See Note 13 for a further discussion of the valuation process.  




Financial instruments which potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash
 cash equivalents and trade receivables. We maintain the majority of our cash and cash equivalents in the form of demand deposits with financial institutions that management believes are creditworthy.




Basic earnings per share/unit has been computed based upon the weighted average number of common shares/units outstanding.  The Company's unvested shares of restricted common stock contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends and are considered to be participating securities in accordance with GAAP and
 therefore are included in the computation of basic earnings per share under the two-class method.  The two-class method is an earnings allocation formula that determines earnings per share for each class of common shares and participating securities according to dividends declared and participation rights in undistributed earnings.  Diluted earnings per share/unit has been computed based upon the weighted average number of common shares/units outstanding plus the effect of all potentially dilutive common stock equivalents
 except when the effect would be anti-dilutive.  The dilutive effect of unvested restricted stock units (RSUs) and unvested stock options has been accounted for using the two-class method or the treasury stock method
As discussed in Note 1
 in August 2015
 the Company completed the Corporate Reorganization immediately prior to the Company's IPO.  For purposes of computing net income per share
 it is assumed that the reorganization of the Company had occurred for all successor periods presented and therefore the outstanding shares have been adjusted to reflect the conversion of shares that took place in contemplation of the IPO.  Accordingly
 the denominators in the computations of basic and diluted net income per share for the successor period July 17
 2014 to December 31
 2014
 reflect the Company's reorganization.




Deferred income taxes are provided for the differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and income tax purposes
 measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse.  A valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized based on historical and projected earnings and realization. We record a liability for all tax positions if it is not &#8220;more likely than not&#8221; that the position is sustainable based on its technical merits.  The Company's policy is to accrue interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense.  At December&#160;31
 2016
Considerable management judgment is necessary to assess the inherent uncertainties related to the interpretations of complex tax laws
 regulations and taxing authority rulings
It is the Company's intention to permanently reinvest all foreign earnings outside the United States
 therefore no provision for U.S. federal or state income taxes has been recorded. 




In January 2017
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2017-04
 Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment.  ASU 2017-04 simplifies the accounting for goodwill impairments by eliminating Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. Under the previous guidance an impairment of goodwill is when the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value
 whereas under the new guidance a goodwill impairment loss would be recognized if the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to the that reporting units. The ASU is effective for annual and any interim impairment tests for periods beginning after December 15
 2019.  Early adoption is permitted for interim or annual goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1
 2017.  We adopted this standard in January 2017
In August 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-15
 Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  ASU 2016-15 clarifies how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows under Topic 230.  This ASU is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2017.  Early application is permitted. The Company is in the process of assessing the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-15 on its financial position
 results of operations
In June 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13 &#8220;Financial Instruments-Credit Losses&#8221; (Topic 326)
 which amends the guidance on the impairment of financial instruments. The standard adds an impairment model
 referred to as current expected credit loss
 which is based on expected losses rather than incurred losses. The standard applies to most debt instruments
 trade receivables
 lease receivables
 reinsurance receivables
 financial guarantees and loan commitments. Under the guidance
 companies are required to disclose credit quality indicators disaggregated by year of origination for a five-year period. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those fiscal years beginning after December 15
In March 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net). ASU 2016-08 clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations. In April 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing. ASU 2016-10 clarifies the implementation guidance on identifying performance obligations. In May 2019
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients.  ASU 2016-12 addresses narrow-scope improvements to the guidance on collectability
 non-cash consideration
 and completed contracts at transition. Additionally
 this ASU provides a practical expedient for contract modifications at transition and an accounting policy election related to the presentation of sales taxes and other similar taxes collected from customers. These ASUs apply to all companies that enter into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services. These ASUs are effective for public entities for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017. Early adoption is permitted
 but not before interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
In March 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09
 Compensation &#8211; Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting
 which is intended to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions
 including the income tax consequences
 classification of awards as either equity or liabilities
 and classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016. Early application is permitted. The Company adopted the standard on October 1
 2016 and the adoption did not have an impact on its results of operations
In February 2016
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842)
 which requires lessees to recognize assets and liabilities related to lease arrangements longer than twelve months on the balance sheet. This standard also requires additional disclosures by lessees and contains targeted changes to accounting by lessors.  The updated guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 and early adoption is permitted.  The Company is in the process of assessing the impact of the adoption of ASU No. 2016-02 on its financial position
 results of operations
 cash flows and financial statement disclosures but does not believe the adoption will have a material impact.  As of December 31
 2016
In September 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-16
 Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments
 which simplifies the accounting for adjustments made to provisional amounts recognized in a business combination by eliminating the requirement to retrospectively account for those adjustments.  This revised guidance was effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2015
In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15
 &#8220;Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated With Line-of-Credit Arrangements-Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18
 2015 EITF Meeting&#8221; to clarify that given the absence of authoritative guidance within ASU No. 2015-03 for debt issuance costs related to the line-of-credit arrangements
In July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-11
 Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory
 which applies to inventory that is measured using first-in
 first-out (FIFO) or average cost.  Under the updated guidance
 an entity should measure inventory that is within scope at the lower of cost and net realizable value
 which is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal and transportation.  This ASU is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2016
In April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#160;2015-03
 &#8220;Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs&#8221;
&#160;which changes the presentation of debt issuance costs in financial statements.  ASU No.&#160;2015-03 requires an entity to present such costs in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the related debt liability
 rather than as an asset.  Amortization of the costs will continue to be reported as interest expense.  The Company adopted the provisions of ASU 2015-03 retrospectively on January 1
 2016.  Debt issuance costs are now presented as a reduction to the Senior term loan and revolving credit facility balances on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015.  As a result
 of debt issuance costs from Other assets to Senior term loan on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
In August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#160;2014-15
 &#8220;Presentation of Financial Statements&#8212;Going Concern: Disclosures about an Entity&#8217;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern&#8221;.  The new standard requires management to perform interim and annual assessments of an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date the financial statements are issued.  An entity must provide certain disclosures if conditions or events raise substantial doubt about the entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.  We applied the standard for our year ended December 31
In May 2014
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) No.&#160;2014-09
 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&#8221;.  This ASU supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Accounting Standards Codification 605
 &#8220;Revenue Recognition&#8221;
 and most industry-specific guidance throughout the Codification.  The standard requires entities to recognize the amount of revenue that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Deferral of the Effective Date
 which deferred the effective date of ASU No. 2014- 09 by one year
 to December 15
 2017 for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after that date. The FASB will permit early adoption of the standard
 but not before the original effective date of December 15
 2016. The Company is in the process of assessing both the method and the impact of the adoption of ASU No. 2014-09 on its financial position
 results of operations
 cash flows and financial statement disclosures. The company anticipates the primary impact of the adoption on our consolidated financial statements will be the additional disclosure requirements around revenue recognition in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. Other areas where we may potentially be impacted relate to the timing of the transfer of ownership and accounting surrounding our trade promotions.







Recognition of Net Sales
 Sales Incentives and Trade Accounts Receivable [Policy Text Block]





















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for recognition of costs in the period which correspond to the sales and revenue categories presented in the statement of operations. The accounting policy may include the amount and nature of costs incurred
 provisions associated with inventories
 purchase discounts
 freight and other costs included in cost of sales incurred and recorded in the period. This disclosure also includes the nature of costs of sales incurred and recorded in the statement of operations for the period relating to transactions with related parties.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial assets
 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for (1) transactions denominated in a currency other than the reporting enterprise's functional currency
 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for recognizing interest expense
 including the method of amortizing debt issuance costs.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for plans
 other than pension plans
 that provide postretirement benefits (including both defined benefit and defined contribution plans). This accounting policy may address (1) the types of plans sponsored by the entity
 and the benefits provided by each plan (2) groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) how plan assets
 liabilities and expenses are measured
 including the use of any actuaries and (4) significant assumptions used by the entity to value plan assets and liabilities and how such assumptions are derived.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for inclusion of significant items in the selling
 general and administrative (or similar) expense report caption.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured
 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Fair Value
 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation [Line Items]





December&#160;31
December&#160;31
25
2
1
2
27
108




 Property and equipment
December 31
December&#160;31
35
1
4
3
3
Property and equipment
48
2
(2
Property and equipment
45
2
153




Balance as of December 31
1
1
8
8
(9
(9
Balance as of July 16
11
11
(9
(9
Balance as of December 31
2
2
28
28
(29
(29
Balance as of December 31
2
2
41
41
(34
(34
Balance as of December 31
9
9
261




Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
July 17
 2014 to December 31
January 1
 2014 to July 16
 2014




(in thousands
Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
July 17
 2014 to December 31
January 1
 2014 to July 16
27
9
4
30
(1
25
9
4
30
75
471
74
747
68
716
(4
032
(6
410
(1
127
71
438
68
337
67
588
76
75
471
74
747
68
716
82
75
553
74
747
68
716
(4
032
(6
410
(1
127
71
521
68
337
67
588
76
402
15
 unvested RSUs for the successor years ended December 31
2016 and 2015
 respectively
220
6
31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 because the effects of their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.








Fair Value
 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation [Line Items]





Balance as of July 17
8
(1
Balance as of December 31
6
18
Balance as of December 31
25
(25
Balance as of December 31
 2016



Paqui
 LLC




Fair Value
 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation [Line Items]





Balance as of December 31
1
Balance as of December 31
1
1
Balance as of December 31
2
491







Tabular disclosure of liabilities
 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 by class that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).  Where the quoted price in an active market for the identical liability is not available
 the Level 1 input is the quoted price of an identical liability when traded as an asset.

























































Tabular disclosure of the fair value measurement of liabilities using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3)
 a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances
 separately presenting changes attributable to the following: (1) total gains or losses for the period (realized and unrealized)
 segregating those gains or losses included in earnings (or changes in net assets)
 and gains or losses recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) and a description of where those gains or losses included in earnings (or changes in net assets) are reported in the statement of income (or activities); (2) purchases
 sales
 issues
 and settlements (each type disclosed separately); and (3) transfers in and transfers out of Level 3 (for example
 transfers due to changes in the observability of significant inputs) by class of liability.




























Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.




























Tabular disclosure of the various types of trade accounts and notes receivable and for each the gross carrying value
 allowance
 and net carrying value as of the balance sheet date. Presentation is categorized by current
 noncurrent and unclassified receivables.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
4)



























Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.




























Tabular disclosure of the nature of a concentration
 a benchmark to which it is compared
 and the percentage that the risk is to the benchmark.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







22
000
Pound sterling (&#163;) to U.S. dollar ($) exchange rate on August 5
28
692
Closing stock price on August 5
2
083
689




The pro forma combined statements of operations are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations as they would have been had the transaction been effected on the assumed date and are not intended to be a projection of future results (in thousands
Year Ended December 31
358
301
6
(7
603














381
381
35
35
416
416
(15
(15
Total purchase price
400
400
21
21
8
8
47
(5
42
2
2
252
9
261
33
10
44
(19
(19
(15
1
(13
(55
4
(51
276
20
297
124
(20
103
472



Boundless Nutrition
 LLC










16
3
1
21
21
2
9
2
(1
12
8
451



Paqui
 LLC










8
3
12
11
9
1
10
1
727

































































Tabular disclosure of a material business combination completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. This table  does not include leveraged buyouts.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Inventories
 net of reserves and provisions
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
9
4
8
2
Inventories
18
6
829



































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]





 Property and equipment
December 31
December&#160;31
35
1
4
3
3
Property and equipment
48
2
(2
Property and equipment
45
2
153



































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Balance as of December 31
45
45
1
1
Balance as of December 31
47
47
8
103
111
(7
(7
Balance as of December 31
55
96
151
Tyrrells Group in September 2016
 Boundless Nutrition in April 2016 and Paqui in April 2015.




December&#160;31
December&#160;31
464
464
211
211
106
(11
95
63
(6
57
571
(11
559
275
(6
269
468




December&#160;31
December&#160;31
464
464
211
211
106
(11
95
63
(6
57
571
(11
559
275
(6
269
468




December&#160;31
7
7
7
7
7
59
95
508



































Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.

























































Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and exist in perpetuity
 by either major class or business segment.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(d)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets Disclosure [Abstract]





December&#160;31
December&#160;31
16
3
(1
Deferred financing costs
15
2
859



































Tabular disclosure of the amounts paid in advance for capitalized costs that will be expensed with the passage of time or the occurrence of a triggering event
 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer; the aggregate carrying amount of current assets
 not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet; and other deferred costs.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







December&#160;31
December&#160;31
2
2
2
3
1
12
5
230













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Term loans
 net of unamortized original issue discount of $6
321 and $-0-
592
197
8
Notes payable
 net of unamortized discount of $236 and $147
7
3
Deferred financing costs
 net of accumulated amortization of $813 and $1
094
(15
(2
592
198
(6
(12
585
185
Upon adoption of ASU 2015-03
 the Company began to present deferred financing costs
 net as a reduction to the related liability in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015.  As a result
 the deferred financing costs
 was reclassified from Other assets to Senior term loan on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
 2015. 





 deferred financing costs
December&#160;31
 2016
7
12
6
6
14
568
614
905



































Tabular disclosure of long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including identification
 terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity
 if longer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e)
(f))





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







As of December 31
 2016
7
6
6
6
6
55
89
019




Future minimum lease payments for this lease
December&#160;31
 2016
December&#160;31
 2016
1
1
5
930










































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







December&#160;31
 2016
26
7
34
508




Future minimum lease payments for this lease
December&#160;31
 2016
December&#160;31
 2016
1
1
5
930



































Tabular disclosure of key provisions of an arrangement under which the entity has agreed to purchase goods or services over a period of time greater than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 including the item for which expenditures will be made
 minimum quantities
 milestones
 time period and committed amount.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
July 17
 2014 to December 31
32
24
8
9
42
24
8
224




Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
July 17
 2014 to December 31
11
4
5
2
1
1
13
6
6
1
6
(2
1
1
8
(3
15
14
3
486




December 31
December&#160;31
1
4
1
1
9
3
(1
(63
(8
(64
(8
(54
(5
115




Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
July 17
 2014 to December 31
State taxes
 net of federal benefit



































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]





Year Ended December 31
The risk-free interest rate was based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant
 which 




The following table summarizes the Company's stock option activity for the successor years ended December 31
Outstanding as of December 31
150
Outstanding as of December 31
150
342
(150
Outstanding as of December 31
342
Exercisable as of December 31
37
During the year ended December 31
 2016
37
150
 options was forfeited.  As a result
 the Company reversed equity-based compensation expense of approximately 




The following table summarizes the activity of the Company's unvested RSUs for the successor years ended December 31
Unvested as of December 31
98
Unvested as of December&#160;31
98
1
619
(56
(21
Unvested as of December 31
1
640
301




The following table summarizes the activity of the Company's unvested RSAs for the successor years ended December 31
Unvested as of December&#160;31
6
343
(156
(1
194
Unvested as of December&#160;31
4
991
(162
(1
880
Unvested as December 31
2
948
12
182
 Class C Units of Topco
 the former parent entity of the 





























































































Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average exercise prices (or conversion ratios) for share options (or share units) that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Year ended December&#160;31
Year ended December&#160;31
July&#160;17

January&#160;1

229
183
64
68
41
270
183
64
68
1
2
4
4
1
5
4
1
82
76
25
32
2
(7
(6
(1
(11
(30
(11
(1
(5
(3
60
36
12
30
22
12
4
(6
1
42
24
8
30
213
182
64
68
33
10
6
1
3
4
270
183
64
68
Included in corporate overhead are administrative costs required to operate effectively as a public company
 recurring professional fees
 corporate-related insurance costs
 personnel costs of our executive team
Included in non-recurring and unusual transactions are expenses that impact operating income that management considers non-recurring in nature
In addition to the transaction-related expenses presented in the Adjusted EBITDA table in Item 7 of this Annual Report
In addition to the transaction-related expenses presented in the Adjusted EBITDA table in Item 7 of this Annual Report
 also includes founder contingent compensation of approximately 




Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
July 17
 2014 to December 31
January 1
 2014 to July 16
 2014




Year ended December&#160;31
Year ended December&#160;31
July&#160;17

January&#160;1

1
3
5
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
4
2
41
45
2
December 31
December 31
378
357
459
838
357
932







Tabular disclosure of long-lived assets
 excluding financial instruments
 long-term customer relationships of a financial institution
 mortgage rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred tax assets
 by geographic areas located in the entity's country of domicile and foreign countries in which the entity holds assets.




























Tabular disclosure of the extent of the entity's reliance on its major customers
 if revenues from transactions with a single external customer amount to 10 percent or more of entity revenues
 including the disclosure of that fact
 the total amount of revenues from each such customer
 and the identity of the reportable segment or segments reporting the revenues. The entity need not disclose the identity of a major customer or the amount of revenues that each segment reports from that customer. For these purposes
 a group of companies known to the entity to be under common control is considered a single customer
 and the federal government
 a state government
 a local government such as a county or municipality
 or a foreign government is each considered a single customer.




























Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







22
000
Pound sterling (&#163;) to U.S. dollar ($) exchange rate on August 5
28
692
Closing stock price on August 5
2
083
689



































Tabular disclosure of a material business combination completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. This table  does not include leveraged buyouts.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







The following table presents unaudited quarterly consolidated financial results of the Company for the successor year ended December 31
March 31
June 30
September 30
December 31
54
59
67
88
25
27
35
51
28
32
32
36
5
7
8
9
5
6
15
10
11
14
24
20
17
18
7
16
3
3
5
11
(4
(2
1
14
15
5
7
5
6
3
8
8
1
8
74
838
74
798
75
455
76
777
74
838
74
847
75
557
76
811
During the three months ended September 30
 2016
expenses in connection with the acquisition of Tyrrells Group
 which closed in September 2016.  Transaction related expenses     include legal
 accounting
 consulting
On September 2
 2016
    The decrease in income tax expense for the three months ended December 31
The following table presents unaudited quarterly consolidated financial results of the Company for the successor year ended December 31
March 31
June 30
September 30
December 31
44
47
45
46
19
20
20
20
24
26
25
26
3
5
5
4
9
11
16
9
1
12
17
21
15
11
9
4
10
2
3
3
3
8
6
1
7
3
3
4
3
4
3
(2
4
74
449
74
685
74
982
74
865
During the successor three months ended March 31
 2015
 June 30
 2015 and September 30
 2015
 the Company incurred
 
 respectively
payroll taxes paid to employees upon the completion of the IPO
the IPO
 and legal
 accounting
 consulting
 printing
During the successor three months ended September 30
 2015
costs as well as equity-based compensation charges
 both of which were not tax deductible.



































Tabular disclosure of quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 financial information for fiscal quarters
 cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Sep. 02
 2016
Aug. 03
 2015
Jul. 17
 2014


























388
000


388
000









319
000


319
000





































000
000











000
000

























Debt instrument
 face amount



000
000





























Debt instrument
 face amount







000
000




































Liquidation
 price per share (USD per share)














Liquidation
 Percentage of Voting Interests Sold




























Liquidation
 Price Per Share

























































Amount of consideration transferred
 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.




























Amount of equity interests of the acquirer
 including instruments or interests issued or issuable in consideration for the business combination.













































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Aug. 03
 2015
Oct. 31
 2016
Apr. 30
 2016
Apr. 30
 2015
Dec. 31
 2016
Sep. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2016
Mar. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Jul. 16
 2014
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Aug. 31
 2015


Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]






















































197
000














197
000















000




















000

















261
000








272
000












261
000


272
000

























































































930
000




















930
000

















000
000




















000
000












































Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]




































Concentration risk
 percentage









































































Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]




































Concentration risk
 percentage









































































Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]




































Concentration risk
 percentage









































































Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]






















































200
000














200
000









200
000


000
000




































































Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]






















































500
000














500
000










































Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]






















































700
000














700
000





Contingent Consideration for Earn-Out Period | Boundless Nutrition
 LLC




































Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]










































700
000




100
000




















100
000







Contingent consideration
 amount





085
000































Contingent Consideration for Earn-Out Period | Paqui
 LLC




































Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]




































Contingent consideration
 amount







000






















400
000





































000)












































Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]




































Debt instrument
 face amount





000
000.0


900
000.0





























Debt instrument
 interest rate
 stated percentage










































000


000





























Notes Payable | Boundless Nutrition
 LLC




































Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]




































Contingent consideration
 amount





776
000































Notes Payable | Paqui
 LLC




































Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]




































Contingent consideration
 amount







715
000


































































Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]






































































100
000







600
000


























600
000












































Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]






































100
000








































































Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]





























































































































































































































Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]









































































Predecessor | Paqui
 LLC




































Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]














































































































Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]






























































500
000




197
000



















000)






521
000












000)


521
000








































































100
000


000





Defined contribution plan
 employer contribution





























000


000



































595
000







































130
000)















957
000








859
000












957
000


859
000










































Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]






























































437
000






261
000





Successor | Paqui
 LLC




































Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]


































































000)


521
000





Successor | Contingent Consideration for Earn-Out Period | Paqui
 LLC




































Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]




































































500
000










































Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]














































000








000












000


000










































Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]




































































130
000)










































Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]
































































400
000














































Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]






























































500
000




000
000


100
000










































Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]






















































900
000














900
000










































Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]






















































900
000














900
000










































Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]






















































900
000)














900
000)










































Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]




































Property and equipment
 useful life









































































Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]




































Property and equipment
 useful life









































































Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]




































Property and equipment
 useful life









































































Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]




































Property and equipment
 useful life








































Business Combination
 Contingent Consideration Arrangements
 Payment for Contingent Compensation




























Contingent Compensation
 Fair Value Disclosure
 Current




























Contingent Consideration
 Fair Value Disclosure




























Loss on Contingent Compensation
 Fair Value




























Stockholders' Equity
 Issuance of Tax Receivable Agreement

























































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.




























A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.

























































Amount of increase (decrease) in the value of a contingent consideration liability
 including
 but not limited to
 differences arising upon settlement.




























For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.

























































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.























































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(3)
(4))
























































Expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services. Costs of public relations and corporate promotions are typically considered to be marketing costs.






















































































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]










197










Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]










200



Level 2 | Successor | Fair value measurements
 recurring






Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]








491


911





491


108



Level 2 | Successor | Sponsor Acquisition | Fair value measurements
 recurring






Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]










197







Contingent Compensation
 Fair Value Disclosure
 Current




























Contingent Consideration
 Fair Value Disclosure

























































Fair value of obligations not classified as financial liabilities. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities
 commitments
 obligations
 and other liabilities.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Oct. 31
 2016
Apr. 30
 2016
Dec. 31
 2016
Sep. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2016
Mar. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015































Fair Value
 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation
 Calculation [Roll Forward]










































521












521

























500)


197)


































Fair Value
 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation
 Calculation [Roll Forward]






























200)


000)






















































Fair Value
 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation
 Calculation [Roll Forward]


















































437




261



Fair value measurements
 recurring | Level 3




























Fair Value
 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation
 Calculation [Roll Forward]






















































521



Fair value measurements
 recurring | Sponsor Acquisition | Level 3




























Fair Value
 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation
 Calculation [Roll Forward]




























Contingent compensation
 beginning balance











197








936




197


936

























436




261

























500)


197)





Contingent compensation
 ending balance













197








936




197







Business Combination
 Contingent Consideration Arrangements
 Payment for Contingent Compensation




























Amount of increase (decrease) in the value of a contingent consideration liability
 including
 but not limited to
 differences arising upon settlement.

























































Fair value of obligations not classified as financial liabilities. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities
 commitments
 obligations
 and other liabilities.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Apr. 30
 2016
Apr. 30
 2015
Dec. 31
 2016
Sep. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2016
Mar. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Paqui
 LLC | Contingent Consideration for Earn-Out Period




























Fair Value
 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation
 Calculation [Roll Forward]




















































400


































Boundless Nutrition
 LLC | Contingent Consideration for Earn-Out Period




























Fair Value
 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation
 Calculation [Roll Forward]






























085





























700




100


















100


































Fair Value
 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation
 Calculation [Roll Forward]










































521












521



Successor | Paqui
 LLC




























Fair Value
 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation
 Calculation [Roll Forward]






















































521



Level 3 | Fair value measurements
 recurring




























Fair Value
 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation
 Calculation [Roll Forward]








































911












911































521









491








911










491


911



Level 3 | Fair value measurements
 recurring | Paqui
 LLC | Contingent Consideration for Earn-Out Period




























Fair Value
 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation
 Calculation [Roll Forward]

























































Level 3 | Fair value measurements
 recurring | Boundless Nutrition
 LLC | Contingent Consideration for Earn-Out Period




























Fair Value
 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation
 Calculation [Roll Forward]




















































085









Contingent Consideration
 Fair Value Disclosure

























































Amount of increase (decrease) in the value of a contingent consideration liability
 including
 but not limited to
 differences arising upon settlement.








































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Property and equipment
 useful life









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Property and equipment
 useful life









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Property and equipment
 useful life









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Property and equipment
 useful life









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Property and equipment
 useful life





































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2014
Jul. 16
 2014
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015




























677









357


726









339)


460)














































































































557









357


726









399)


380)














































272


961









734


455









745)


144)





961




261


272

































































































272


861









703


455









714)


044)





861




261


272







Valuation Allowances and Reserves
 Write-Offs and Adjustments

























































Total of allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs.




























Amount of increase in the allowances and reserves
 which consist of the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 from charges to costs and expenses.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2014
Jul. 16
 2014
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
























Concentration risk
 percentage
































Concentration risk
 percentage
































Concentration risk
 percentage
































Concentration risk
 percentage











































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands






Dec. 31
 2016
Sep. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2016
Mar. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Jul. 16
 2014
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


























































478


645


768


402


410


989)


560


904


738




293


885

























458)























660




835


037
































777
838


455
047


798
232


838
937










716
568




471
059


747
605





















127
831)




032
665)


410
065)





















588
737




438
394


337
540



























































777
838


455
047


798
232


838
937










716
568




471
059


747
605

























826







811
822


557
760


847
862


838
937










716
568




553
885


747
605





















127
831)




032
665)


410
065)





















588
737




521
220


337
540








































































































581






















































581







































































































































452.74





























































































































































































452.74





























































Antidilutive securities excluded from computation of earnings per share
 amount





















099


922

























































Antidilutive securities excluded from computation of earnings per share
 amount





















271


164







Earnings Per Share
 Numerator [Abstract]




























Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding Attributable to Common Stockholders
 Diluted




























Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding Available to Common Stockholders
 Basic





































































































































































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.






















































































The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Dec. 31
 2016
Sep. 02
 2016
Apr. 30
 2016
Apr. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2016
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015























953
000










694
000


953
000


421
000









































Business acquisition
 percentage of voting interests acquired




















388
000


388
000

















069
000


069
000

















319
000


319
000



















000
000















Acquired receivables
 estimated uncollectible



600
000

















472
000


359
000










472
000





Total purchase price
 net of cash and cash equivalents acquired

937
000


937
000















Goodwill
 amount expected to be tax deductible






































































300
000





Boundless Nutrition
 LLC





































Business acquisition
 percentage of voting interests acquired
























512
000



















651
000



















451
000













Total purchase price
 net of cash and cash equivalents acquired





383
000













Boundless Nutrition
 LLC | General and Administrative Expenses



















































000





Paqui
 LLC





































Business acquisition
 percentage of voting interests acquired


























319
000



















214
000



















727
000











Total purchase price
 net of cash and cash equivalents acquired







935
000





















































000
000

























































083
689.1793754539


























































































































215
000



























































500
000



















000
000





















































000
000









Successor | Boundless Nutrition
 LLC



















































000
000





Successor | Paqui
 LLC



















































200
000


300
000



Successor | Paqui
 LLC | General and Administrative Expenses





















































000







Business Combination
 Consideration Transferred
 Net of Cash Acquired




























Weighted average amortization period of finite-lived intangible assets acquired either individually or as part of a group of assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
















































































































































For receivables acquired in a business combination
 excluding certain loans and debt securities acquired in a transfer (as defined)
 this element represents the best estimate at the acquisition date of the contractual cash flows not expected to be collected
 by major class of receivable
 such as loans
 direct finance leases (as defined)
 and any other class of receivables.




























For receivables acquired in a business combination
 excluding certain loans and debt securities acquired in a transfer (as defined)
 this element represents the fair value of the receivables acquired
 by major class of receivable
 such as loans
 direct finance leases (as defined)
 and any other class of receivables.




























This element represents acquisition-related costs incurred to effect a business combination which costs have been expensed during the period. Such costs include finder's fees; advisory
 legal
 accounting
 valuation
 and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs
 including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities.




























Amount of consideration transferred
 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.




























Amount of equity interests of the acquirer
 including instruments or interests issued or issuable in consideration for the business combination.













































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Dec. 31
 2016
Sep. 02
 2016
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014

















953




953


421


694































069


069









Measurement period adjustments
 cash paid as purchase consideration














319


319









Measurement period adjustments
 fair value of equity issued to Sellers














388


388









Measurement period adjustments
 total purchase consideration














451)


451)









Measurement period adjustments
 less cash and cash equivalents acquired












Total purchase price
 net of cash and cash equivalents acquired

937


937









Measurement period adjustments
 total purchase price
 net of cash and cash equivalents acquired














424


690


424







Measurement period adjustments
 accounts receivable














921


404


921







Measurement period adjustments
 inventory














612


923


612







Measurement period adjustments
 property and equipment





311)









845


869


845







Measurement period adjustments
 other assets














854


289


854







Measurement period adjustments
 indefinite-lived identifiable intangible asset- trade names





565









240


878


240







Measurement period adjustments
 definite-lived identifiable intangible assets- customer relationships (15 year useful life)





362









498)


498)


498)







Measurement period adjustments
 accounts payable














123)


024)


123)







Measurement period adjustments
 other liabilities





901









810)


953)


810)







Measurement period adjustments
 deferred tax liabilities





143









465


578


465







Measurement period adjustments
 total fair value of net assets acquired and liabilities assumed





887









472


359


472







Measurement period adjustments
 excess purchase consideration over fair value of net assets acquired (goodwill)





887)











Business Combination
 Consideration Transferred
 Net of Cash Acquired




























Business Combination
 Provisional Information
 Initial Accounting Incomplete
 Adjustment
 Accounts Payable




























Business Combination
 Provisional Information
 Initial Accounting Incomplete
 Adjustment
 Accounts Receivable




























Business Combination
 Provisional Information
 Initial Accounting Incomplete
 Adjustment
 Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed




























Business Combination
 Provisional Information
 Initial Accounting Incomplete
 Adjustment
 Cash Acquired from Acquisition




























Business Combination
 Provisional Information
 Initial Accounting Incomplete
 Adjustment
 Consideration Transfered
 Net of Cash Acquired




























Business Combination
 Provisional Information
 Initial Accounting Incomplete
 Adjustment
 Deferred Tax Liabilities




























Business Combination
 Provisional Information
 Initial Accounting Incomplete
 Adjustment
 Definite-Lived Intangible Assets




























Business Combination
 Provisional Information
 Initial Accounting Incomplete
 Adjustment
 Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets




























Business Combination
 Provisional Information
 Initial Accounting Incomplete
 Adjustment
 Other Assets




























Business Combination
 Provisional Information
 Initial Accounting Incomplete
 Adjustment
 Other Liabilities




























Business Combination
 Provisional Information
 Initial Accounting Incomplete
 Adjustment
 Payments to Acquire Businesses
 Gross

























































Amount of consideration transferred
 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.




























Amount of equity interests of the acquirer
 including instruments or interests issued or issuable in consideration for the business combination.



















































































































This element represents the amount of any measurement period adjustment (as defined) realized during the reporting period to property
 plant
 and equipment acquired in connection with a business combination for which the initial accounting was incomplete.




























Amount due from customers or clients for goods or services
 including trade receivables
 that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 and amounts due from others
 including related parties expected to be converted to cash
 sold or exchanged within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Amount of liabilities incurred for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business and related party payables
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount of other liabilities due within one year or within the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.

























































Amount of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 that lack physical substance
 having a projected indefinite period of benefit
 acquired at the acquisition date.



















































































































Amount of other assets expected to be realized or consumed after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























The amount of property
 plant
 and equipment recognized as of the acquisition date.




























The cash inflow associated with the acquisition of business during the period (for example
 cash that was held by the acquired business).



























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands



Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











399


346





311


603)














































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Apr. 30
 2016
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014

















953


421


694



Boundless Nutrition
 LLC























651











512




















Total purchase price
 net of cash and cash equivalents acquired

383











046

































440











160











111)






















932











451









Contingent Consideration for Earn-Out Period | Boundless Nutrition
 LLC























085









Notes Payable | Boundless Nutrition
 LLC























776













Business Combination
 Consideration Transferred
 Net of Cash Acquired




























Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Assets
 Receivables and Inventory

























































Amount of consideration transferred
 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.

























































Amount of liabilities incurred for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business and related party payables
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount of other liabilities due within one year or within the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 that lack physical substance
 having a projected indefinite period of benefit
 acquired at the acquisition date.






















































































Amount of other assets expected to be realized or consumed after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























The amount of property
 plant
 and equipment recognized as of the acquisition date.




























The cash inflow associated with the acquisition of business during the period (for example
 cash that was held by the acquired business).




















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Apr. 30
 2015
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014

















953


421


694



Paqui
 LLC























214











319




















Total purchase price
 net of cash and cash equivalents acquired

935

































000











310






















208











727









Notes Payable | Paqui
 LLC























715









Contingent Consideration for Earn-Out Period | Paqui
 LLC

























400











Business Combination
 Consideration Transferred
 Net of Cash Acquired

























































Amount of consideration transferred
 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.

























































Amount of assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Amount of liabilities due within one year or within the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 that lack physical substance
 having a projected indefinite period of benefit
 acquired at the acquisition date.






















































































The amount of property
 plant
 and equipment recognized as of the acquisition date.




























The cash inflow associated with the acquisition of business during the period (for example
 cash that was held by the acquired business).




















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015









Inventories
 net

250


829


























313


433












177


396



Inventories
 net

250


829







Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.

























































Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of unprocessed items to be consumed in the manufacturing or production process.

























































Carrying amount
 net of reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods which are partially completed. This inventory is generally comprised of raw materials
 labor and factory overhead costs
 which require further materials
 labor and overhead to be converted into finished goods
 and which generally require the use of estimates to determine percentage complete and pricing.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2014
Jul. 16
 2014
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










Property and equipment
 net





884


153














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
































Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










Property and equipment
 gross





812


703









928)





Property and equipment
 net





884


153









431
















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










Property and equipment
 gross





889


128














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










Property and equipment
 gross





408
















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










Property and equipment
 gross





665
















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










Property and equipment
 gross





922
















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










Property and equipment
 gross














Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.

























































Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015









Goodwill
 beginning balance

421


694





923


727





391)





Goodwill
 ending balance

953


421

















Goodwill
 beginning balance

421


694





451


727










Goodwill
 ending balance

872


421

















Goodwill
 beginning balance








472







391)





Goodwill
 ending balance

081
































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2014
Jul. 16
 2014
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Intangible Assets
 Net (Excluding Goodwill) [Abstract]
















996
000


468
000














Intangible Assets
 Net (Excluding Goodwill) [Abstract]
















000











000)











000
















Intangible Assets
 Net (Excluding Goodwill) [Abstract]
















428
000


600
000









432
000)


132
000)









996
000


468
000





904
000




316
000


228
000














Intangible Assets
 Net (Excluding Goodwill) [Abstract]
















830
000


610
000









387
000)


113
000)









443
000


497
000














Intangible Assets
 Net (Excluding Goodwill) [Abstract]
















000


000









000)


000)









000


000














Intangible Assets
 Net (Excluding Goodwill) [Abstract]
















488
000


900
000









488
000


900
000














Intangible Assets
 Net (Excluding Goodwill) [Abstract]
































Intangible Assets
 Net (Excluding Goodwill) [Abstract]












900
000




300
000


200
000














Intangible Assets
 Net (Excluding Goodwill) [Abstract]
































Intangible Assets
 Net (Excluding Goodwill) [Abstract]

























The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.




























Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount before amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Remaining amortization period of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Amount of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.




























Amount before accumulated amortization of intangible assets
 excluding goodwill.




























Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))




























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Net
 Amortization Expense
 Fiscal Year Maturity [Abstract]






117
000





135
000





135
000





135
000





129
000





857
000





508
000



Goodwill
 impairment loss




Impairment of intangible assets
 indefinite-lived








Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
























































Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.

























































Amount of impairment loss resulting from write-down of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit to fair value.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2014
Jul. 16
 2014
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015













Deferred financing costs
 net





000
000

































770
000


953
000









000)


094
000)



Deferred financing costs
 net





957
000


859
000




























































000




400
000


000






























































































Amount
 before accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











505


230


























409














133


545












297




























441







505


230







Accrued Unbilled Inventory
 Current
















































































































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for the marketing
 trade and selling of the entity's goods and services.   Marketing costs would include expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services; costs of public relations and corporate promotions; and obligations incurred and payable for sales discounts
 rebates
 price protection programs
 etc. offered to customers and under government programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for professional fees
 such as for legal and accounting services received. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).






















































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Apr. 30
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Apr. 30
 2015













Debt issuance costs
 net

000)











905










































Debt issuance costs
 net





900



























Debt issuance costs
 net





900)




























































Debt issuance costs
 net

957)




859)







391




211







927)




750)







464




461











094



























Debt issuance costs
 net





900)



























Debt
 gross

179




313







321































Debt
 gross

500































Debt
 gross

669




757

















































Amount
 before unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt.

























































Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt
 classified as current. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

















































000











000
000







Debt instrument
 original issue discount



300
000































600
000











400
000











100
000































Debt instrument
 face amount

000
000









Debt instrument
 periodic payment

500
000









Debt instrument
 periodic payment terms
 balloon payment to be paid

500
000









Debt instrument
 covenant
 percent of excess cash flow










Mandatory prepayment
 percentage of excess cash flow
 stepdown to 25%










Mandatory prepayment
 percentage of excess cash flow
 stepdown to 0%










Debt instrument
 covenant
 leverage ratio
 maximum










Debt Instrument
 prepayment penalty
 percentage





















Debt Instrument
 collateral
 pledge equity Interest










Debt Instrument
 collateral
 pledged voting equity interest










Debt Instrument
 collateral
 pledged non-voting equity interest
































Debt instrument
 basis spread on variable rate










Debt instrument
 basis spread on variable rate
 step down percentage
































Debt instrument
 basis spread on variable rate










Debt instrument
 basis spread on variable rate
 step down percentage
































Credit facility
 maximum borrowing capacity

000
000









Credit facility
 remaining borrowing capacity



100
000







Debt
 weighted average interest rate










Credit facility
 commitment fee percentage
































Debt instrument
 face amount





000
000.0


900
000.0









000


000



Debt instrument
 interest rate
 stated percentage




































































































































































Debt instrument
 covenant
 leverage ratio
 maximum










Credit facility
 commitment fee percentage
 annual step-down
































Debt instrument
 covenant
 leverage ratio
 maximum










Debt Instrument
 covenant
 leverage ratio
 minimum
































Debt instrument
 covenant
 leverage ratio
 maximum










Scenario One
 Total Funded Debt to Consolidated EBTIDA Ratio | Credit Facility





















Debt instrument
 covenant
 EBITDA ratio
 maximum (up to)










Scenario Two
 Total Funded Debt to Consolidated EBTIDA Ratio | Credit Facility





















Debt instrument
 covenant
 EBITDA ratio
 maximum (up to)














Debt Instrument
 Basis Spread on Variable Rate
 Step Down Percentage




























Debt Instrument
 Collateral
 Pledge Equity Interest




























Debt Instrument
 Collateral
 Pledged Non-voting Equity Interest




























Debt Instrument
 Collateral
 Pledged Voting Equity Interest




























Debt Instrument
 Covenant
 EBITDA Ratio
 Maximum




























Debt Instrument
 Covenant
 Leverage Ratio
 Maximum




























Debt Instrument
 Covenant
 Leverage Ratio
 Minimum




























Debt Instrument
 Mandatory Prepayment Terms
 Percentage of Excess Cash Flow




























Debt Instrument
 Mandatory Prepayment Terms
 Percentage of Excess Cash Flow
 Stepdown Leverage Threshold One




























Debt Instrument
 Mandatory Prepayment Terms
 Percentage of Excess Cash Flow
 Stepdown Leverage Threshold Two




























Debt Instrument
 Original Issue Discount




























Debt Instrument
 Prepayment Penalty
 Percentage




























Line of Credit Facility
 Commitment Fee Percentage
 Annual Step-down



















































































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.



















































































































Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.

























































Amount
 before accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.

























































The fee
 expressed as a percentage of the line of credit facility
 for the line of credit facility regardless of whether the facility has been used.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))







































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















000





905





000





000





500





500





905



































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }































































































U.S. federal
 state and local realized tax benefit
 percent retained
























































U.S. federal
 state and local realized tax benefit
 percent paid
























100
000

















600
000








600
000


















































































































595
000





















130
000)























































000)













































Business combination
 annual base salary obligation















000

























































000
000




























































Consulting services provided
 contracted period




























000
000























































000



















































100
000





































































130
000)









Business Combination
 Annual Base Salary
 Obligation




























Business Combination
 Contingent Consideration Arrangements
 Range of Outcomes for Each Individual
 Value
 High




























Related Party Transaction
 Number of Consulting Agreements




























Related Party Transaction
 Services Provided
 Contracted Period




























Related Party Transaction
 U.S. Federal
 State and Local Realized Tax Benefit
 Payment Percentage




























Related Party Transaction
 U.S. Federal
 State and Local Realized Tax Benefits
 Percentage Retained




























Stockholders' Equity
 Issuance of Tax Receivable Agreement





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(3)
(4))



























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of obligations to be paid to the following types of related parties: a parent company and its subsidiaries; subsidiaries of a common parent; an entity and trust for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entities' management; an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families; affiliates; or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















114





515





514





512





508





856





019







Minimum amount of other commitment not otherwise specified in the taxonomy. Excludes commitments explicitly modeled in the taxonomy
 including but not limited to
 long-term and short-term purchase commitments
 recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations
 supply commitments
 registration payment arrangements
 leases
 debt
 product warranties
 guarantees
 environmental remediation obligations
 and pensions.




























Minimum amount of other commitment maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year for commitments not otherwise specified in the taxonomy. Excludes commitments explicitly modeled in this taxonomy
 including but not limited to
 long-term and short-term purchase commitments
 recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations
 supply commitments
 registration payment arrangements
 leases
 debt
 product warranties
 guarantees
 environmental remediation obligations
 and pensions.




























Minimum amount of other commitment maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year for commitments not otherwise specified in the taxonomy. Excludes commitments explicitly modeled in this taxonomy
 including but not limited to
 long-term and short-term purchase commitments
 recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations
 supply commitments
 registration payment arrangements
 leases
 debt
 product warranties
 guarantees
 environmental remediation obligations
 and pensions.




























Minimum amount of other commitment maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year for commitments not otherwise specified in the taxonomy. Excludes commitments explicitly modeled in this taxonomy
 including but not limited to
 long-term and short-term purchase commitments
 recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations
 supply commitments
 registration payment arrangements
 leases
 debt
 product warranties
 guarantees
 environmental remediation obligations
 and pensions.




























Minimum amount of other commitment maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year for commitments not otherwise specified in the taxonomy. Excludes commitments explicitly modeled in this taxonomy
 including but not limited to
 long-term and short-term purchase commitments
 recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations
 supply commitments
 registration payment arrangements
 leases
 debt
 product warranties
 guarantees
 environmental remediation obligations
 and pensions.




























Minimum amount of other commitment maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year for commitments not otherwise specified in the taxonomy. Excludes commitments explicitly modeled in this taxonomy
 including but not limited to
 long-term and short-term purchase commitments
 recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations
 supply commitments
 registration payment arrangements
 leases
 debt
 product warranties
 guarantees
 environmental remediation obligations
 and pensions.




























Minimum amount of other commitment maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year for commitments not otherwise specified in the taxonomy. Excludes commitments explicitly modeled in this taxonomy
 including but not limited to
 long-term and short-term purchase commitments
 recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations
 supply commitments
 registration payment arrangements
 leases
 debt
 product warranties
 guarantees
 environmental remediation obligations
 and pensions.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















384





930
























































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Commitments and Contingencies Commitments and Contingencies - Purchase Commitments (Details) - Popcorn Kernels
 Oils
 Potatoes
 Root Vegetables and Various Ingredient - Inventories














710





798



Long-term purchase commitment
 amount

508




































Amount of the fixed and determinable portion of the unrecorded unconditional purchase obligation maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of the fixed and determinable portion of the unrecorded unconditional purchase obligation maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of the unrecorded obligation to transfer funds in the future for fixed or minimum amounts or quantities of goods or services at fixed or minimum prices (for example
 as in take-or-pay contracts or throughput contracts).































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Feb. 26
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015













Operating lease
 office rental term
















































































Term of the lessee's leasing arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Rental expense for the reporting period incurred under operating leases
 including minimum and any contingent rent expense
 net of related sublease income.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















384

























411





930
































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2016
Sep. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2016
Mar. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015













































224


810


206























843







752


452


168


281


639


129


634


804


224


653


206

































































Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.




























The portion of earnings or loss from continuing operations before income taxes that is attributable to foreign operations
 which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2016
Sep. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2016
Mar. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015













































224


354


914





















388


345


166














































612


699


080














































478)


732


769

























472














































126)


661


241







807


400


879


229


118


074


900


486


360


321








































































































































































































































































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)



































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











160





















663
















391





290














793


719


























380)







206)


263)





683)


834)





890)


115)







Deferred Tax Assets
 Acquisition Costs




























Deferred Tax Assets
 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals
 Promotional Activity















































































































































 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)


















































































































Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from reserves and accruals
 classified as other.

























































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.






















































































Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015





































































000



























200
000



































































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.


















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015




















State taxes
 net of federal benefit


































































Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Nondeductible Expense
 Foreign Exchange (Gain) Loss on Intercompany Debt




























Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Nondeductible Expense
 Transaction Related Expenses
 Percent










































































































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Jul. 30
 2014
Dec. 31
 2014
Jul. 16
 2014
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Jul. 31
 2015












































050
000











953
458















000













































000)







Options outstanding
 weighted average remaining contractual terms












































Compensation cost not yet recognized
 period of recognition














Share-based payment award
 aggregate intrinsic value
 nonvested







500
000















000
000




















































2015 Plan | Restricted Stock Units | Vesting Tranche 1
 First Anniversary












































2015 Plan | Restricted Stock Units | Vesting Tranche 1
 Monthly Anniversary for Remaining 24 months








































































































2015 Plan | Restricted Stock Units | Vesting Tranche 2
 First Anniversary












































2015 Plan | Restricted Stock Units | Vesting Tranche 2
 Monthly Anniversary for Remaining 36 months

























































































Compensation cost not yet recognized
 period of recognition














Share-based payment award
 aggregate intrinsic value
 nonvested







000
000















700
000







Class C Units | 2014 Equity Incentive Plan | Vesting Tranche 5
 First Anniversary












































Class C Units | 2014 Equity Incentive Plan | Vesting Tranche 6
 Monthly Anniversary for Remaining 36 months





























































































000




700
000


300
000


















































Options outstanding
 weighted average remaining contractual terms





























Successor | 2015 Plan | Employee Stock Option | Vesting Tranche 3
 First Anniversary












































Successor | 2015 Plan | Employee Stock Option | Vesting Tranche 4
 Monthly Anniversary for Remaining 24 months






































































































































Compensation cost not yet recognized
 period of recognition


















Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example
 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.




























Weighted average period over which unrecognized compensation is expected to be recognized for equity-based compensation plans
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Unrecognized cost of unvested share-based awards
 other than options
 awarded to employees as compensation.

























































Period which an employee's right to exercise an award is no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































The maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) originally approved (usually by shareholders and board of directors)
 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).




























The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.



















































































































Period from grant date that an equity-based award expires
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.










































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015








































































































Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Fair Value Assumptions
 Grant Date Look Back Period

























































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.






















































































Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Millions




Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
























000)























Options outstanding
 weighted average remaining contractual terms

















Share-based payment award
 accelerated vesting
 number (in shares)



500








































































000









667


000
















000)









667


000







500









































Options outstanding
 weighted average remaining contractual terms








Exercisable as of December 31
 2016





















































Exercisable as of December 31
 2016 (USD per share)





















































Exercisable as of December 31
 2016 (USD per share)












Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Forfeited
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Granted
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Exercisable
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life [Roll Forward]




























Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example
 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.
















































































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.















































































































































As of the balance sheet date
 the weighted-average exercise price (at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance) for exercisable stock options that are fully vested or expected to vest.









































































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for fully vested and expected to vest options that are exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











500







619
634


500





582)







251)







640
301


500

















































The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.

























































The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.

























































The weighted average fair value of nonvested awards on equity-based plans excluding option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.

























































The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




























The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Jul. 30
 2014
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
























991
858











343
036







410)


530)







880
453)


194
648)







948
995


991
858













































































182
050











Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Converted




























The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.

























































The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.

























































The weighted average fair value of nonvested awards on equity-based plans excluding option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.

























































The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




























The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Dec. 31
 2016
Sep. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2016
Mar. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Jul. 16
 2014
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


























































618
000


982
000


866
000


345
000


372
000


914
000


354
000


275
000


004
000




811
000


915
000





















000




431
000


000





















904
000




316
000


228
000





















000)




700
000)


300
000)





796
000


967
000


294
000


307
000


743
000


440
000


692
000


759
000


477
000




364
000


634
000





110
000


636
000


126
000


026
000


104
000


311
000


058
000


955
000


253
000




898
000


428
000





066
000)


221
000)


















287
000)









100
000


















100
000







752
000


452
000


168
000


281
000


639
000


129
000


634
000


804
000


224
000




653
000


206
000







000)






521
000












000)


521
000





















215
000



























000

















































































004
000




123
000


659
000















































































899
000

















































































036
000

















































































150
000


256
000















































































165
000

















































































438
000















































































353
000



























000

















































































581
000












































































































581
000






















































288
000

















































































353
000




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































379
000)




933
000)


158
000)













































































000)















































































877
000)




139
000)


415
000)





















000)




669
000)


305
000)





















253
000




898
000


428
000

























287
000)



























100
000















































































288
000)



























































































































































































004
000




670
000


915
000





















000




000


000





















904
000




362
000


228
000





















968
000




398
000


512
000













































































353
000



























000






















































339
000



















































































141
000



























759
000



























000



























707
000



















































































































































































































































000





Paqui
 LLC | Successor











































































000)


521
000



Paqui
 LLC | Predecessor
























































































































































000



























437
000






261
000





















200
000














































































































300
000











Business Combination
 Acquisition Related Costs
 Non-recurring and Unusual Transactions

























































Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example
 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.




























The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.




























This element represents acquisition-related costs incurred to effect a business combination which costs have been expensed during the period. Such costs include finder's fees; advisory
 legal
 accounting
 valuation
 and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs
 including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in the value of a contingent consideration liability
 including
 but not limited to
 differences arising upon settlement.



















































































































Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.






















































































Amount of income related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.






















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2014
Jul. 16
 2014
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015













Revenue
 Major Customer [Line Items]










Concentration risk
 percentage





















Revenue
 Major Customer [Line Items]










Concentration risk
 percentage





















Revenue
 Major Customer [Line Items]










Concentration risk
 percentage





















Revenue
 Major Customer [Line Items]










Concentration risk
 percentage





















Revenue
 Major Customer [Line Items]










Concentration risk
 percentage





















Revenue
 Major Customer [Line Items]










Concentration risk
 percentage





















Revenue
 Major Customer [Line Items]










Concentration risk
 percentage





















Revenue
 Major Customer [Line Items]










Concentration risk
 percentage





















Revenue
 Major Customer [Line Items]










Concentration risk
 percentage














For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.

























































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2014
Jul. 16
 2014
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015



















884


153









240


932































168


153









658


932































716











582

































937

































949

































988









































































































































Long-lived assets other than financial instruments
 long-term customer relationships of a financial institution
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred tax assets.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.


















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Millions









Sep. 02
 2016
May 19
 2016
Aug. 04
 2015
May 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2016
Aug. 05
 2016
Aug. 31
 2015










































083
689.1793754539







































































































































500
000

































































































000
000















































































































































































































Shareholder
 Ownership Percentage























































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(3)
(4))



























Cash outflow in the form of capital distributions and dividends to common shareholders
 preferred shareholders and noncontrolling interests.



















































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }







































692
400


000
000



Foreign currency exchange rate
 translation | &#163; / $



















083
689.1793754539











Value of equity interests (such as common shares
 preferred shares
 or partnership interest) issued or issuable to acquire the entity.



















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands





Dec. 31
 2016
Sep. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2016
Mar. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015





























618


982


866


345


372


914


354


275


004


811


915





807


646


318


927


185


260


661


866


724


698


972





811


336


548


418


187


654


693


409


280


113


943





498


903


969


679


747


146


016


618


977


049


527





517


971


285


432


176


068


985


032


611


205


261













521












521





015


369


254


111


444


214


001


650


803


749


309





796


967


294


307


743


440


692


759


477


364


634





110


636


126


026


104


311


058


955


253


898


428





066)


221)
















287)









100
















100







752


452


168


281


639


129


634


804


224


653


206







807


400


879


229


118


074


900


486


360


321





478


645


768


402


410


989)


560


904


738


293


885






























777
838


455
047


798
232


838
937










716
568


471
059


747
605





811
822


557
760


847
862


838
937










716
568


553
885


747
605













865
563


982
461


685
407


449
844



























215












































700


900
























































300


































000

























This element represents acquisition-related costs incurred to effect a business combination which costs have been expensed during the period. Such costs include finder's fees; advisory
 legal
 accounting
 valuation
 and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs
 including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in the value of a contingent consideration liability
 including
 but not limited to
 differences arising upon settlement.



















































































































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.





























 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.

























































Amount of income related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.

























































Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.

























































The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.

























































Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


























Derivative
 notional amount | &#163;



000
000



Derivative
 forward exchange rate | $ / &#163;




















Gain (loss) on derivative
 net | $





































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
(d)
(e)

















































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx






MFS*V!]C1TN]/GTM#D+[B,_1!XQD,=V-KNN3T&'#3D1! 1]0J=2.27ZJ7GP

P(L19;HX6.J
C'][H!1\^8Y=A1@-V
MZ+G!+SDP.0\


621A'^_1S80RY8-[9)-NIL\!SI^\Y%1^?H.'GS

!FGK_# J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%
O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S
M^!7+5(UEHP$35T$FN8BT\OELQ?S:WCYES^DZ'3*!;C ;6!_SF^GY$Y:B.%4


M
WJ=?3K.:Y1_::L!I^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z
M'&=?

MWXV(]ZMOFCU7H5A)VH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU
M+

M:;




VPLCO='U!=*
MY \FIS_I





94[[G*TG$53B_

 U[F$RQ#I'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\
MU*M:I60K$3]+!WP?D@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F 6/

H68XWX=%FAHS




[&V=+-'-FND1


MR

0




MIC7QPFS;8\;A7.1%EM+ *31ZO&HNSZXP4-%!7!M7E8QFA^+CT;W'Z#^\JUQ^
M

W4+MJ^&T%2



M-8\'.5Z)\6J


:_'*(VW%G:!3

P\X]#2%'DA
M
[FA=KC
8&J1!1E\P


YB@#%!7#E4GU
MLPP\Y'M%NA)ND6\#C0/C6$K=M&#F^V?[AW) $4.4$
!BIR
#H%.2T&5&GHR

%=FH?6
L(
@3L.S$SD[#64G

Q-

C$XVCLQ-Q;E)D]Y.FOFEE'@($W3B(2R;70T.=[5_
M%







MS]^B?]*URUH.F







^X$FW





8KK.&^Z)HKVXST^QO6Z:ZGE





MY3(R(7

8FIXD;/GG#WA



NIX6'
U0/Y\)*&W1L7$6
M8 :3TBP[G^;61U?
5 M^Y3%0UAP%'NA:S@58%D*BBM.R^6GN?AEU/_W_]B=
MKE ;Q^3Y4E/G.P+9_X#['ULVTP'D+X^R@+HRVI
IE NP]B#[(/ ?5 K:H0#
M*#L=FVOEU=D/K9+$(&1]D% Z48B;(K 3;$M9VD?!+L+7COKV.ASI+?&:V7I


MA0V HDEXR:XA)(I(E



5%=043#OENEQC'QEEBR
M?ZH)AFLSS




PRX9%?%NB55




M -
&F'


M?





\91A+S$R+B

M7$FEB6

IRI U :LUQ?PW*-$!V2X4\E






MZC*L9J19J36KW7VF[?)%P\4+N#WS]UL%A1LB3I33_= V^%1FY.5$9
:EKMXV


MUV
:G[[XX_GQ:=]]

MK_1E3BYT3QP@_WENWG9GOX^ZL7S?;/[L/OQV?SVN.I&:97.W[]I8M#]^-+?-

MN?]C\_9KTX_(CT?]\']O?C3+%MY)TO9QMUGN#O^/[EYW^\VJ;Z459;7XZ_CS




M?]Y-90W;'G/_&6$%8 82)N(
(&(ICUA!M(L($D)$ALC\^2F(V)KY2]D6$G


;2.I;?GB&LGL259'A
EM)+F=.%Q(
M;MLSTEQV@]EM)+N=&(XD=S[3 )?=8'H;1&^NX8VD]R1DI1]

7D64QA*RE

9K1LYC&5AIQ
MER%]Z#CC#9K2D_SUKE1 P





MPEK  2T0N19PP)@;%Q7[YY0+=




'I!)CK683!Z3R0/3FA3=
M$C9 G!=:6,-FD!



MY0GY
4?9.PUDLH'
6S Y(\1QO+
M ]8 Y /W 


M=1HZK_6R2@A157%IBP]^&=N\#&Y(6B0K8PN4@07BL;DZ [=AY-&#&4)1E87A


MC@=E;(TRB@?Q V&61H1

*F5U+4*

3
M:EAVB6FO;N)@BW=C5(G74D(K)!MX0;QA!H6'%B62XE.DG\(9*(K:885EER

M4E;

W)U@<'!YP'X*J

T;25H6



3E
N=E


+?V X





4'-CL*ZA#-.[3=N&:C$VPW

M:&5E='


5NVH(6]

]@9$%4E:




BMWM;<8N06C&'<
7V


/8LLW

2UD3\L\^LZVS

MH&^.)]EV/CA8F0^BA:_@OPUGBQ9;66JIH7?2]
14]#[P_&4A?@8\%WY#9G
M$BJY&/
2C$]U09

?CAQ[4P5G

D;[SKP-[S^:_P^=I_R)L
M*WM'+L;CR\;^-\9X0G)#8Y0AQ]L-10T/AS?X]G.8S8;W@S+#V+K-RY_ 5!+

M[=_7D&R:ME%? !N?XV-C\M&Z%]\!!/*JE?$%[4+HCXSYJ@

M 4W7

M7Z+QL2YH%@6!@BI$!H';%9Y J4B$
G[
G'1)&8'K\QO[^U0[UG(1'IZL^B[K














D3;
M



?IYCJ=




_2N('U N7-JK3DFD7JMJDS;IU&G;9RYQ$E0(&9!+]^]G2)IE6[0O@(W?
M\[
QV6CLJVL!/'G3JG





Q


M:2$[6F31=S9%AH-3LH.S(7;06IC?)U XYC2A+XX'V;0N.%B1]:*![^!^]&?C

)O

6@W ..GV&N

\ O@ .
M
F[&S]
MK?]@BZ&@=N%XZ\]F&K/)<-C//X@MW[CX U!+ P04      @B7!*\=@T*;
!


YX.L3X%/!-PNA69Q(KN2 ^1^-C7= L@(%E8\

M\9_@BJ$1R4A1X7*I954@_.H9Y8@18N7:9




$%     @ ((EP2FV_
_.T 0  T@

=F(YMFV (Z\

M18:#4[*#LR%VT%J8MQ


M
G/2)64 KL_O[)]C[;Z6B[!PC^JGK%R;TP
J9Q4O1XG7:91?W<;I)#C-L&\!G %\ AYB'38FB\D_
MB2(S.!(S];X7X8GW1^Y[4P9G;$6\\^*M]UX+SI.
70/1''.:8O@J9K]$

^^


VS'461)5 6C&^V=PQ+:2A199\9UMDV'LE
:KD(!X^HOLO*MSD]4%)!+7KE7W#X %,]MY1,Q7^*Z@0'I6$


*OI;B
MQ/^!\W7X;E7A+L%W?RB\7R?8KQ+L$\'^OR6NQ1S^2L(6/=5@FS1-CI38FS3)
M^\\L _I$=GO\'':/PO;2./(!7UXV=3_&M%#D+*Y2/4A@\V&PIJ'X_WX6S'
M


V&OOL6@!/7K7J7$Y;[_L#







M/_\@MGSCXB]02P
$%     @ ((EP2M( S@2T 0  T@
M.IL3EOG^@-CMFQ!

2.V*@SNG=_G!
0WP



8XQ?!5S'Z)8)Y]2<&W4ASY?W^#4\V
M%281GORE



_15!'U E2GI98!MH.@P;L %!AW7/BDW;


M X
WM75:!#1=PWSG0%0)I!7CF\T-TT(:6F3)=W)%9ON@I(&3([[76KC?1U!V



5_A0LH#(]*
$=IE4\K*7L?K)Y8
M4(H6+^




O




W


[IP^YX2D-\#'B6
-K5F81*
M+H@OP?A2Y30)@D!!Z0*#\-L5'D&I0.1E_)HYZ9(R -?G&_NG6+NOY2(L/*+Z

3G*%'9N))RL [US.*E:/$Z


M39!N$J21(%T3I


M965T

 *!!VV/2LV?4%U\20Y
M;O]^E.QX;N87BZ1Y#@\I*AV
?7

(49WVR^,5:3?
TQHXV3TWO9:OA:(GKE1+VXP#2#!G=TDO@
MM:T;'P(L3SM1PP_P/[NC18_-+&6K0+O6:&*ARNC#=G](0GY




$XBO@/Q3N

$%
M  @ ((EP2E 4-[RU 0  T@



$%     @






M00\S9YY-S=

@M',_GR$HD- $-P JCN?W0\!7*:X!Y 0($7?E9#4BM<1L@H
8+




?#^LX\1Z!@,)Z
MNZ&SR#$)[)^?&K)XT'36]X.[^R?PS!NV#VW,S$C^K@RW7<1I'!SCRL[ O
MJOT$?4S..JC_P(7$ [N/7$:A1(F?*/B;*R2/8MS1?*W;JSJ,+8]_]4,-V]



MB\Q0D1ED(Y$,,P2%YFC(O-[@F4R$L$P#ZYK@8HL$ (V$L$P$UPD1452A&#\
M[##,@XM?HB)+A&.$] $SX[DWQ\??9!@%/%B

90O'@=5$\


U1DAA#
KD0PS!P7F:

M@1
&PO
M=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#(W+GAM;&U3VVZ<,!#]%<L?$(,A:;0I&RB*)4:
M:96J[;

J6N'=N.!!B

MDIGW(P@]E3C%'XX7WO4N.$A5#*R#[^!^#?C+;*J-%RLEPK9* M\5UZ..8!


F/D:MA8TK

9L-




C1Z1F7K?L_#$




9:K3N3QBK
MH@%.U8/HH3

M S7*#)V#

2K%&,BI
M]SVUOS@Z$=.;PCI=*]R925X9[RV/HR3%-TLT8\X3AJPPT8+ AGV1(#Z),WD7
M3OSAL3?#V(7'Z_#H#L'.2[!S!+O_2CQN2O1A/OA%]EZ1_7L$FY$?)@[G3QX




O!:[@;) =I&3F[PF$
M'@N<X#?',V\[%QRDS'O6P@]P/_NS\1995&HN05FN%3+0%/@^.9ZR@(^ 7QQ&
MNSJC4,E%ZY=@?*T+O L)@8#*!07FMRL\@!!!R*?Q9];$2\A 7)_?U)]B[;Z6
M[/PH







MVF


X$C


W\<Z?S31FD^&PGW\0
M6[YQ\0=02P
U

6'5L+0I6?\5Y1]02P,$%     @ ((EP2G,764G$ 0  -P0  !D
M  !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T
S



MK!V.A)BJ \G
G1J@=SN-TI)9M]0M
8

M[C
@^QLRYS-5K!



$%     @ ((EP2MNE






@YE;\NP


M?
*H@IJ.3#^+Z2

.6^J!R5%GQA



W*W1 OF


H9O09A#<
M=:V%T&!21Y

$%     @
CP1HJH..%4/8H3!K#1<JI-*%NB1@FT=B3.




$%     @ ((EP2N1R

Y_!=SL%
M.DKUJAL @]X$[W2&&V/Z R&Z:$ P?2-[Z.Q*)95@QH:J)KI7P$I/$IS0S28A


M[+T/F8Q\Y0_

M$X:N


Q/7Y0_TQ

MT\T

M&=A[&M_D'WR:]I_




MJT1MGUE[?%&X.(#7Z=]GP([CIGX!9CCGS(4A&XU]=BV )Z]*:I?3UOO^P)@K

0IO$R:](E9NS^_J
M7V/M6

F&*
TTL65

^8X8?@*\X%@J+Z$X%LACOP_.M^F



4C#&8*HFTIIDV:9.B3MVN


M1$X@OA0(1P0P*(= +X2B&!&!2(AQFDM-?0!I
Z3.4P
4HPI6$8]AI[#_(J
M*0(F18DLEY29! *$XRR84X-D-P7J64@DE@Y2B+($%4E @O7^G*A /]ZI
M!1TVQ;R$W0\.E8&ALH_[O\@&;8W(K4@HA T=#F/1

M(Q*P@] G+(1@#R' 1#3NO_DA$!F) QL( 0ZB23].-NPM[84)+CZ
]BSTD\E=

TDRTJ-OS5= =\F;_
U=]^O-

M#ACY&N-LC#EG
-['F L.$V+

^4@Q.D9\XJ0D
UTR



BN@0Q =CF [!*0
M75**


!6XG6#XKMMV M!=4;JGQ8J9HOG\;VVN10&WH)B\7H!<1 &WH/R
0X+0K8$ST*K_\Z-168+6):CW:D#18^&<Q48#
MKZ$9KR%!/-: Y-H.

QSJTCH!U

M2CL/
@T+*&4'9*H6$

CRR@ISZ-7%]3!]B&&!KB/' 07K.

M) 8W]0%P

45:A


M)W1O/]L01

MSQ):





QFK


MDYHP$

M]UH5RANEOZJ'Y]U



J 2HSSS(C#TCY*T-
3P)A]Y!F2L?K
%X@1W'F!

RCP.$D\R@1PL9.YY4.;+(/$R2*P'B7#

46/ 0H[*/ $GV5






MVC

231KGU(R+ZL;CUVGS<G%
U#
M24_\]
5HCX#F_P!02P
$%     @ ((EP2H!#*+I P  5Q,  !D   !X;]W

MSKWW


4E6=+TOV3/3C




*Q
M!I$PB




%3YN#Z4L\O&TQ08W*XV38J!KFV)AT^

ABR

M-2*-59%6]CVLZBI0; E+S;6J]6U5?9

M

 :#HVD8?\# 6M$!D
BX\N-$(QY*[(Z7XX9*8[U24QI[.@E9Y6'SFA[VO.

4QR4OCC3+^)5Q_K!XH980'

$%     @ ((EP
M2ANQ3U

;2=T_WZV(2QM#XE^P?;Y




I.D_VA]\R^X_I*C1G4UBC.PJW9Y)7
MQGK)XS3*R
42#9AMCPEO
'1$$

^A@BQ$-OP@WN(NT=HAI%SC]]D&.
$
4H0

I8I7/XT^H1:O?QK/



22?&;FD)Q\ICB[%N7/ZBAE

M9









XB0)\8G]*





M+C@Q(0WL+6@4&D@KN]X-D!V!^(PT=

DY5 .(H%X6X
SC!R61YZ([3*FM;7/*Z/9\8/+T=V3WQ]@1(

M7H;-==F?O_4W=7%69XO.[8!S\1]02P





M'=NR-*$G418UV3*#GZH*LS]+4M)V;B+S$G@MCKE0 2M-&GPDWXGXT6R9G%F#
MRKZH2
T+6AN
'.;F LTVR%
$C?A9D);?C V5RH[2-S7YLI^;MG)$2I())8'E


$ZX)%?



MF_5



M/P7


B!/DU12WKQM

=4/

(0L
D0?$+#ER
M\$:1WEPJ)*^&(UQAA
[D$'.-
6:(^$AI 2-](C# W=\I-7J(^4QA@#DW%
:
M &%, '[/0AP:O&?$[P\ZO8@AIK.2-TJ
'TK-*W T I
JT#W%%C!F&!I#1:9

M

]83(^ZW'4^Q@L!88I&S0(!F7&)4)[6F+ VUQ
M(.C'$#BC-62$SRM+C
TM=YY[P-
K2L:(U-CW@(0$T/@M*@^G^2 '3N)D&


&9!
M(8W0RCF87Q32I45*.

M:M




T1-G!G#DP-5'C'BC85\PXT




.C5(TW\T8H 4_?EP1.VJS7VP[/1!EZ&V+'SY5VP]#;4&69F1K#




MAE_%\ -$(H?4(7 
=!WG +1 L$7;:R5F8F



M8O[KQO?=V[9J;GC+Q2%Y

M
6@5?^_

:.Z010\T]UT26Y.'+HAY!H

M3T
KX=#*UIX&]A([(.B 6@=J4*GU:#I)V$KVK41H$6OR?6O8[KE2Z2!63/@P

M+!F[XIK*-(X2 B#A-Q!
6$E%+F*A!_$/*DIRD%2,4PJ
M!DF%5E(Q#Z5)@)PF <I1^W21\D%=E=T&?!9/-$W,$</5F 8+$=3+!@03 6
MS<I(;]N


IY-C&@S0- '(-7$@(RF4.Y;CO/$UCVOB/(I0NI=&
MPCS2!![7Q'D4(B;M#H9Y),2CZYEC'ND'@GS2(A'ZTFNB&_LNTV=NV:
)(&M





M&\:C%6

KC(:
Z010X[NI3%#^@*&
M-&9(3V&H%PU65CFLN&LLFL

$? 0  . 6



MJ

MK[N_L]U[W91%G\59*;*?M]_3N?N]]OD_P_@ Z /@'B#U_P:H/D!-#=!]@)X:
M8/H 
S4@Z@







Q



M6M




MSP[9!'0&4]L)U[^O;0A'P*WZ@NWUS.RLL3?I&'\5)8!TWFK:B+U;2MGN$!)%
/7H.F.*35Q
M.K^K?S2UJUJ.1$#.Z
_J)





BYX;6R55VUOFS 0
M_BN([ROX%:B22$W;:9


V OFM !P/Z40
V&##+


%0QD9


W-B


DIC

[SX4!OZS\/$3P1$# 2;*D.F!D1(QZI

.:TMCL4M%B]3/!40

M'Y_H&)8R!J3
[=['KI11G/IBA;6
 2UCSWS#L$XQ_8]T805B2(%.NLQYAY$D
ML4=D-#FZ5:+9FW-T&VSDJ3:'^


N

 




41^1*


PV(I=?BS5HSQ_$:
@'@:C^F_B)$H-[R/1


=SJ?


M@!?+R;T+23V!4C!?U-C3&06!'3#0 3
:*H9E%DSDTGVCJ$8,17-K(Y2'(KFWDZL$9Y1XF
M3Q/!P*6V%8V@&5/B4P1VB1M,7![&;![B\%!/B6.XQC%U:1(G<=2AR1!'B*X
M%V@&3 G;\S-&\4^(KB L5O!/,$V$0?N'$H\1'AX]@ELG\KUB-HI@@1E'J8


M^FE1BIWJ7Q/]W@Y3[;!0LADG]FCZV[#Z!U!+ P04      @B7!*8N'WTC0


MWW(U0K/+H6FA$PWK/ ['M7\?KC9AH .



C C:

M5#ZQX0M

MRE:HV4N59%&)+MIHTCR
FNA*8RDV2P4.9@E2 #-%Y*2(3#Q^1X'=!MAI@(U!
M_




%@JB12TW;:
MI$VJ-FW[3!


MVKF':C%3!YUGI7RHG/I0%&GU;RES=9J[X+Y
_
BV.]U


)*Y

@CASKIP/Q\:X+ 7;]
M$C 6^Q
!P413 ((/V'P +?2))4S8? @8YQ.2 E+[-\ ^UD2/X1^(@H!-JP)H

M.J?



!#\*XCW'BS?G))(2:JJE5KI



-YV)_D'K#6\P:LJ<_J?S5/'&U\OHLVZ*B


#PBZ@* /
M@.1F0-@%A.\!D1'?

WS=F9_Y1:H79/

4HFMLGD_HA
BXD'90 @



 JXHRT[T+!2
M%L46'QLUW9: FLH2@CL:LP



1/)CC%)%4/_01W6

MQ/LN](7;R+8T

8#U&D/?C'0/E5]JJ@Z





0'TV






QM?L8=.=KGVXZ0[[

M.V02T *FMA.V;U_;$
JV1NPS9GSS0#V)T7KS('4-Y;5=9RY^=*-5N$9)9#


M&1DOI;UZV4TJ7O4N.I6*O77WHK;WMO=_A+D#:!] AP#:U=*!;.:?F&)I(GCK


_P%02P



O:J)U_W
]?7BFA!=U*;(.IQH2M:%-J2

)7@6S)8*N6/$[W\O3S$U=9T\/Y%S(%W;]0MN L.NT
1+BEP82@)00= 7U

M!K8'-! !0(*!!LR0&QL1.C#.D,PH:'AA[V$QK!#00&0-1ST R*/!) 93
M-;F
??.#/6'0$[8\I2'
CT%^_'BH6@@L02@9+AM&@SNA9HDO5;#Y=8.0DS



YX;6R-EMN.VR 0AE_%
M\@/4!HP/JR12DZIJI59:;=7VFDU(8JUM7#)]NT+V&LY
*[VQ@;\S_#-& 96
M-R%?U)ES';VV3:?6\5GK_B%)U/[
6Z8^B)YWYLM1R)9ITY6G1/62LX
S:IL$
ZM-9VX%DL^K9



B
;1&/TW?N6-D5L2

H]H_U%:=&.7@Q*RUZ'

M




@VC

MT=*@4LDH@*7^]'T=T_RC+DLX0JDB\E!JZWJX 4W^KN
'D 'G3S([WNU]
MZSN3I[I3T;/0YJ;@SO.C$)H;C^D'$]K97/&F3L./VC8+TY;#/6?H:-&/=[AD
MNDAN_@%02P

MU[XJ&_G8!MUK71?M?VM9J=
RA/#7@V_E\Z$?'D2KQ;%XEM]E_]?QL=5WT3G+


NH]_3=+P7'
(O+S^E?V/D;PF\U1T\EY5_Y2[_K 
\S#8R7WQ

WZ?I



M)IY#'@B(^!\3:2)G-DBRP3$!F['A= )&)F!C@F26(+6&8\)D(Z89
1\@C6-/

3)!=


M=V]^QU^1-A-TS21-/&ZM)O@#6ZM)L@X2:)?0)$UR6T=B&SSW@$#D3&P




MLMB=;RJY[X?+3%^WTYOT=-.KH_F7(#K_5;'Z5!+ P04      @B7!*)
)3

MPYV9W]P9
S^5U?=Z9VTS^U'DAWH1[)KF^!B&]7IGBZQ^*(_VT/YE6U9%UK27
MU5M8'RN;;?I&11[****PR/:'8#GO[[U4RWGYWN3[@WVI9O5[4635?RN;EZ=%



IX3&6=LGHR7$:D1(X)&!(P$#A## /']@Y?  
G/!V^5



M#9-^8#I.8K*E3S:1.]&A2#(^&&OI8TWD3+LG*-*







0%79DQO\!/FK/W(U0I/+

HID!QJ';('(:1
8@

Z
#A88-:B;4SFQ&0N3+C

MZA]02P

&


0HG5^ED75K-U#VQYO/*_9

MK\1+[33O99G5_]V*0I[6+G
_;WS/WPYM=\/;K([9F_A3M'\=7VIUY9U==GDI
MJB:7E5.+_=K]C=T\\[0+Z!5_Y^+4C

M'^).%$7GI-KQKS9USSF[P/'YI_MC7[PJYC5KQ)TL_LEW[6'M)JZS$_OLO6B_

M'$ Z@

M[Z
STIK;04

VZ[][4!+8R0Y@D
M- THQ 81-(B6EQE#@QB4.1^!2$
X20*3)

[_YPIA1F
M2HU


%#.A

MP@L($D:03 1C%EDL

4OG!9OP#+.^M63
$)D




'Q\P0)VJT7+
-<ZK

M2P


MMF]?VQ!$P;W!'G/F?#

U@/(^6M;)HU\KU1\0DD4-+95/O(=.OZFX
M:*G2H;@BV0N@I4UJ&2)!$*&6-IV?9W;M+/*
WQ1K.C@+3][:EHH_)V!\./K8






Y
188;8BC2%N3.S$QX
7F&VHB@

M$D9N3.K$I!L


&E3+36


$%     @ ((EP2B)4

V4ZXOGUM0Q!*B)0_V+O
SLPN
MV/D@Y+MJ +3WR5FGMJC1NM]@K
H&.%5/HH?.O*F%Y%2;4!ZQZB70RA5QAHGO


GAQGWU/[B8
-
;
I;=*-PKTSYI7)GHN49#D^6Z()
MLQLQ9(%) G_&8


M6;0N$ZW*1(XA6O@


MB^(X3B=JTMFF:9







M.-A&*0N.&#TX9.MN[AP(:*R?9FZNQ^]W#*SJIZM)YO]#^1=02P
$%     @

P$
MT(,E-8R$092AM8M+G(;VXHBYR?%ZA:V LE3TU#QYQ$8[]=XCC\#K_6Q4B9


?0UJUM


.$5)K[&;&XQ43;!/-UB


=D6K(KT@
H[NI(S8V]Z\*TN7$\G!!0JJ1V(




M.R:T8D(;)MU@]J)LM6
?*)&5$MDHV8:R%R5I9*?$5DILH6!O0]F+$AS;*8F5

(/!Q!O(.D.XH?^?_Y+9J5D.XKOQ1M*MCMC419L





0!27.*W\Q4WTO;#&C1U[D
M%7EA7G
L2\S^+$E!SW



MDU^3$RD$+I.(
3:T:-2OMSDVG);:140I\4=[S2MU/6O_B\PM@%H .X$8^YH@

%F19D8P43+9B
%8#PLG+AV)4


D6=G$)#-GOKYF
XB*W%&1%75B;.
ELIY(



J?



8=0R\8'H@A
ML[9



M8ZN;1L.\^
[W0*C]D 
\U(D#*$9K8Q_0HA
+--191?V:_)E?V 







B(I+/L
SX(2 L
MQ&4!_U!DN;M?$17-8 X'-T9 G'%R
.Y3X-8(OC=YJ[S*)JR+LM!]/
6!+@




M$'P5Q 



32S:2LGSU/I!F45#RQ&BKUYLAX2:6:\I
G:@[T8$AE


M[&PN





M)

M.A$QE(S]6L55\9),ZH(*PUZ&YY5JY[]\8.1AI

MD!.A/!.%6VAJVHW.2(HRREI+?H\/=V2%:1MPE%]@NYJ)*MWHGT
+%ZR^(X


+%FUL1$

6@V!@2T6MV9&-
LI!-H
M9DU

I



W'AWDP

M$XI@G C$X=A!#!W$XXO' @Q_ 

!QX!Q



GT 
Q\3P

(0:).#&54R,&$,,$G%!Q,'$$ 

M+49'HF;C9(OXHN)@OB1X3+*G@A4245.!Q!!*P!?A06&\5##A81I#HQ TUD5]
M&$17A%XST\

4$=U4
M$2\^T(.7_3B+1


MY]$83^V2QP*J

MET@D[











(W_O[(?[6.88( ) @
0?!0
MA?5$)( )%E2&8) 0($34L\Q43@5\G?,@Y (%!(!0B9'DD$8?R)DC@E&/ ]


M[7


/T
M7K)N%9&GL*W^OAOLB]U_UY:G:4??UFG$EOY;YTAA-@.&3C#)XAZR-2%D1/@M
M@9$%12PVU#!/B1;!A-![Q






%8
-T-@NS#4


M% B'L;

MZ#S%FD:1IEGV9XHUC:*SA+Y#(Q SCE4(9#O=8;FB0*[T2=HBD$D&@6QDL/!1


#^9/+F9+7I_[BJW'VXEK)
M[@)C






M.!'0.8O


S



!#'OTJ4]VOBASQ5@%1







@O0%Y

@TB=4TW=]1%A/<B<;OFXB&2F(D@+)B!V4])T0'82O2 DE,4EAE Q$R7P4
M[P!F7J!/*,44N40+DF3J8.2@T YD!OD .5 ()U!FA'!*B@J9TXN04(%(!
M(#GW8U5XD7!!\\*]:6M?YYZP&R 4PZ4E]F_#I(N)ZH2 71&W]'2B8H2+[JB[

R% 653/' 114 5S5.7)X%.C7LW854R@0




5'H!S





M$



M

8^5JTJX?73
MG;GL_EEM\$WU]-=YB/9T^*N6=

.
;')F3




MG-7$M^24XXQ20=0\8

M).(3=PF0UFF^6:X 4)


MQT228H#[P P9?\#-7%@( 51PBH%'N - H!TALI 5
Q5.IB8A-B(#7*QT
M)QCF/[

4+['W D\H'BF






W
M


M@NDX$/^2)$

^'?LLD\O)]B






.KXH TBE]F5U

P4+

H\%SD/




M;!4]





MD]Y+651B[A^DK&^#0&P.K
S$#:]9I?[9\:;
_63R
:5


M
6OXV6O:[Z'.]&=';A
U71O=:6;'_*?T%*KWM*0SH*3)NHP]RT&+C 3^AZR
MM'3\#UD94-(CPA4CGVB@5Z#_8(9) $ H%!$C9D@%C;BC$\XQ002
3'U_$
MQ]

M)
ZK1 0C2+'./A*0#![I@X*W)^$

#
X

M965T.#






M5T?_I_+9J-7C+71)#BVC@QFWF%P#Q.G0\CA23A$/+H0M 9$2B.9Z(8(CK'



MA!.##N+K:Y. #I(K:I
XD5(4)58Z7-!X:5*02OIY:5(WYW$2





$%     @

MQL]-[]S1I3P+\:(OUMNY&^B






MZZ ;JD9NHV^V$];^IF:B47=/QJ%,_^DA0SFML/@'B9,R!SG&)H% TQ*P@S
MTKF#






.

@UDVH!4&P9(0R[!@.NB9%%
M G8-_H1K






M0W%!LA= 3Y;4

MTEQJ91*H*GMZ@1^@?O9[H2


H: P5$9!:J7&VR!

MTM)WMS:=78=1_T[S$Y*1D$R$Y&


M9N?#I!




V$-UO!8(4;9\5F[:%2*(KT7'[


MAY=LO=A]SE^S3?B?IWR[7A3AX_:YLWO=9HO'_:#UJJ.CR'76B^6F?7^[O_9U





M]?+57\O'XN6NG;1;C]G3XFU5?
O?QUEU0[;=JNY^GOW
5@$O/0ES/.2KW?[?

DB5




 -V53#C$-


M*&



)Z45B=LVJS_<

MOBDM




9;8)*2TJG%BMA0H7P)1YJ8DLGHDABJZ^-3AIT

M-(V4[!IA?ZQ;



_C7=1P^.F&YHM6C9;%+8#NEK6

Z^]F5;FAS
M:-+FP'[Q4)
&1CAW;2AL(8A0
FQ4@U^TC2GI$FLPLYE0T@2KIJ'*UPU5OI95


M[ZJ;B2+79^IF?GAO[Y?YPVN$ORVVS\O-KO4]+XI\O7_-Z2G/BRPX'WT.FKYD


M

 0T!I



M%2I[+7=9G..K)IHQ3Q83KC!IG-UC#N\QNRQ9
%CUL#02.AL)#4%T1YZ2(G

,)4TEE5W:<C




_AVP4^VC/)SLEJ=?LORARRX2N(RS^#YR[+<






V+8)L4ZP 0/#M5F!+-
MS+
:28 )%W@\P(0 L?%)^+5

M;D5]S[4GX.XMDF4*U\$6P#NOEVVP;X9;@?AM6H1IVTK=?IEN@[$1C%DSD\

(VW 5#6
M9'T#$%%!BG:9)9^F8S#R71,K].?PW Z'(3#B1DM16ZRH]SRP/:1ZY^.MI/
M.L\6@$)PBG BFSA=().8QYL43F@?*(*[9$7/;D%J+7?%8X@+ K# E.%L. UG
M

MS6#
%*6QO$P/2-5GRG8#D

K

;175YL<K<D-Z\K:C2Y<?.75SN0A
LRK\FSR#NN0
YKP)&2\/ 6
M))TR (C45O.N@(T'FR)?IC661$



]^[ODWDB)9QID!H30
6M#M#
BYO??2_[3W[%




M&5E$SO _ON2K5? V+Q[B8E$3!NR]#/Z_8 \&O4$:BS!$FR*+C7N?_VW W

MG@'



M?-8@Y#USK.R P+AWW*



M^4FH8: V-FQH'&8+H'G%T$-X_NU@TZ-KF4RD

PBY.UP7_U




WA7Y;E-[=E?

8I/H5




M[Q!.Z K%!99 \!%TKP($:W_\A^#Z++C.-_


B [68D%$_B'=WM&C*%B52M'9)$Z0H+E^+$&0
M2%E



M+'5NG/\^DF[5F@%K(GM-CD?[LIP3KXZ

M ^[RH:=(=&@Y;4/3:+P060:\##M
F;._C*;=7L_ZEKKRUCRA5P ZM'4'
7&(






)NE;#Y]


M 9Y2 <YU0[-&P7RF'OD1
3;B3P;QBNGJ(BOF4#&.)XQA?]D?.X=!-/; L

JHL\2Q5''3HV3(J4PE[^%K\V2A@6]E!@^V(5?LPE;Z3I
MKL!3NQ5+!3' Z '%G%1




LL$8
MQ%N.+5PAFYNCA&=4Q:]9:IR M
PS$)D!:B!-OSL[^_Q.2YA+VA\;15M% K
M1+

M:3?7HLT?1:T
1.$-5!R0\!)$$0S=P!$C4F3'PAD!*]?Q-]#LS*0DHI;E;KWA









M(!HZ?KEUO )]8&YLU@])S(2 ]*C[M

NH!.V,F=$(&=&C2=@4M4 =$C=4OR


MRA43MTS_MER#Z?_U^I=85F4&3@O/H_XYY!718AIFQF?F:!
AKROP!K%K
M8O5?4@.'(XT)E@0RX5C9[&Q/ =H!R96(2![P720(#T-7
FJ2X2.1A+[[ 8



M3_.T19B!UH'&'C54

MJ'1VQ+#WL2E_PM(1/54'65CL$


QCBQ8P



MB^UMU6&/;)8@6I??Z!
FP]8;P00GH

V+4YI_ YK
'5)&
L[0U'A<&VHMCXN$ZQ'(R
GJ@.T\KUZ(@X)-[:QFM2
M)-:WPA(V*Y-


M \IE*JC@' E-N7$2



M3QQPE13&(#]DD%4ACJK$^A2\XE_%*4O$H?$IAM$E

M4K85K
UPEJQ:,&3FBMHDF-(Y?HGW/K:_U'1U39KLVH&H/\1H]D\K%
MMS%K&\\\RA8&-FQF8,\Y;?Z^<N;[.9=! -I<'0%ZAQ& W_POA BH?C15C6G
MD+
)&ZBP5X9IF-A),HMU;CCB*!RGF08H-)Z_?@+=4NIH4*]GT68$62$H*4



MG




M4F5





M9_U^S^

XP=YFHEM(
!
J
MEXK[

!*I@S!
C*&SEI)5LZAH?77W'JB.


M=#?3,(.Q'+JYLMJ0%%+X@REC1Q14RKZ+K6?&PWX.+*W 8DL\6V&W@=F2Y

MEDM


M(\MB30G#U
2TX7,Z?(M7&=\3'R!RO^@EX+. (,9'S'\?!7/^20I^TG'!V(
MF+@V
W\E3/;'LJU^'%OS;+SZUTJ!2%(-G:!]W6#Q[U)

MB07OFP_KRH+](

M.VS03O/$N+YJ5B(9J4 $HZZ09!\G!DZV5I- H

ZD7!L*'+&P)/FI =$1^1N
MP#O)+HIA
U@- (W(

ML6*


UVBD3PA.
MJ&9SZB5GJP&
I2:DNB&?2B928I^TYE7Z+:&LCS@CY++8ZMGC8L?/
M2F7%/



Y&*0;)BEGC7@U<B85QTH(+



N+*DMN$JN[NR*TOBM
N(P*2;C6/
MU#%1
/Q)HN2I&


'G;









9MV!S4?E+




IO$?UV*
327:69-^Q/






K6E!
MI+;+#?GBK3*!7W#_D1+M9%C:D[Q$2
F ?



MG8*$48(T]X$I'7KN?*.%M?EP;R^




M0;\?_( J*/PSQG\&\
]5O/X1[C?*/A%^'4WAGWX/_\$_VPQ((7I7K.7-K9)&


KKZ5T5K+WQ!-6#*S\^!<;Q%O#
M*1'\MP6)9(\R'G\98O08]Q

M:BOIBR8.8^N1A\O/GUA9 =T99(?$%#_9$:8B.Y?B)P:)0@GPHRH1&CC#OC1O

M*(1#P$^EM/NS 9GWI]


M






M]'GF)==$ 2=GFL0KE/KN&6R()
90<)G8:([4
ME=&YVHD0(4R13&8FEWJICE/MRNO;5$C#MQ#S-T,$5^UCXGMU6BQ0*?@!P5F




U7UC)R



M%:[D1PDA]1+$AC3D9*N-T:I%E2% (T7?L@GWE @N2RV0^RT!87-K!ZN'2WG2


+95JM14)N)O4FLGE-1,)Y,/$Q#E6^GCYD4-'' 10*M;@I/JB4RA%
MBPV2?MTLKJ&+XP9M$\FB:A2L2(C-7I JXEB+1HO9.6P:6X]5ZZN$%[.UG23




MV _'45^



^PJ*64
M:*'N85T-15XL3)A1K'%$ B-Q
NNJFL.0;7PT#!^#T-


Q
4






MCZK


9CU]JL3(#*B%_AX
M=6(P';:I$\=K$U$$@FIU$T_2)M2/;I2!89OB


I_2UJX])0/6VO\U8B5

0



U\;=*CG<R)VJ/C4V<:_TYX(+#I!SF^FI
C,!990XEZ<J(3$<Y




M5+*!

W:EQ337N5BQ#$[L;UEPV1V







 H&(+HRUVUZ!A.F@!-C1?%1V!_TZI3\IF;D
MQ

^5QM^


H8<2$&$_+^![U






Z :HE'V6O;V5LV52:P-5WSIDH#'1SA





%!==B!
N$*8;2S:,LVZF
MG*-9)9_2VRDB=.4F$\:5\SM Z!4?LV3-/3/LMU4^C:ORG@T.VK+Q=IRE9


M+V








ML38

G_?9IDS^ 7/MEWB;?+ IC$5+=/_78

ME

%JGG-T-


M6U\%Z[/:#


M
:/APR=MO*V<6.:WNIY;QX#5*^2!8OEXD


MAEP?#G$N7S(CP*U^8WLMBN86-(YV \!%Z7\^W;CC-KMA.=\@'B&[*=5YJ?

M5NPVV_EC: X@M G@-@%2$IWP

M$Z


ZSS=
MDR1O4FXE9XC[FG$0B&=/EB#6

_5IDYFZ
MK;:%8LK \?\=A2DF(/I[XT;4'1V%&@8E8.(/
5 2Y\1_3O[O/.@S-?ENM5NU

*I$T3:&BR*
MV;\4+(JE=7H2+3J6C[&IMOX:!=&0@BJNG7#1



M1DE 24NE[HJ
A-(^EP

MI\*H0CFW/0)



M/AZHV4ZR'*FJ!G


MA= QVU=B%


M.(

M9[#PSPJ$%L9R*^U999S1@ZGPS4IZD @PI

M 2)R6I R6_P.B6C/[!;; .=:^G
;$4N.M$E%T9!M4N-P%!F3U(@^)9


W

0*3-E/

MN$AD^M#7*







+(N/


 _L42



?5\6GE4TJ)@[[K<5


M7$X^&@KHU_*P7@4EL;2)V\*K?W0([VQEG;;NQ'0%]GPY.N9.T@9 O.I3ZWB0



MEM0*)^

@K'XPB1 .AG


US&;:S(!/MF?]=V6&
 N)\%L/ V^9B8H


ZP'J6#/O^8[S M95[HR&X736_CW

M

MG*Z@4Z /Z:5)-X)_1]TI_-MPD51UZ'?[\

M9^!@Y#@'(3N8Y]$R22.[M\6/&/)CVL]HQ@#!GA\_M+BJI?N/&_G#=BDZG*R)

D3'%






M3DJC




MU)VBDT
2:BW+69#1 R$XA^8^E.)E



J]70T


_?$59C8%+P%FG<GXG&?7(J0K8U<:WZ^5XV_/9.




[=CBLEQWX_










M+
15'#E<CK.-





B20

-E:KP$E88V@EN(Y

S

M!1-1!7V+K([2T!VP=5(IO0*\XM15R'NDM(U2%10^\/=N4 *_8K1Z5% I






PUWQ;%2/_/+7Z]X29[VC<!-]TRCJMTG<YTXJ[:^X&D_
MQ#1_V_7_@58C$(L*4 %3 :#667)_7#2F[0N^KQ^



!*_FTXFE-M/D_2G



MS[]/RQB4MW/BA[*4*2PEC
:C]JM[EX.B2R^MX\R8I7^F('6$YUO4:56 %NFN
M

(F%6J=AL[M9H=:LMGI[


^IPT0HAZ/Z!%!;N8XB8K=C
#

M(BR[%&'R81_+
?6Q&%

&#N[]MKF S9[Z
D\:



MR=(O*]HF3G:D@=;=06_8;UN2






M&NSNE

M7


M\I62A#+@O).H%QY?

M-6IW0PD;+8K]BG'TY6CF&


 Q%3!0)3










M@
\:\<:RTYJ:SYL020D\X8B


MRY +N=!NWFRK1#NEPL9?

?S





M
UW=]A07%4OQC?%C

M3P2WLX/QHH7!AL+UQ$&E?E5?4C@+[W=?I535LE72Q%6]V1D^9[@JZ.C;VE:T

MD@7+3CS1U@'2=C88@!6?


F


U*ZI&1I'2^\RADJD-PU8%= C%*0= !+B=^I.&&O

M76Y




M;VXH?#<;%VDE@;A VH0KZ*ZMI%]!N^ TIJ2 -5 RG8!?)
M]U?6/E@,E3S#3 ]:25-@5\H,F8!(-<WV_+6F&L$_PT%I'))RCWW856A-$&C
MS\F:'=ZT=*D-Y::$W$[A*Y4B;
OD:EO_7G$9@A6EO5BH




M*BT*FU:O


C3F%3IQOS]\ !:1\_N]9+*
)(=VG
MZ


M

M.*U2: -LU@-.9@5'85E%#XQ!6

5 =PJ2_I3H&];/9+J

W I+C(

MPS;FCU):6FV3YFB@V$Z



7R3N0


M&DRD9P***7%K*?BJOJHEC/Y!/R0;3F6MJ.0;@!H$2,1Q :Z0)1O8N4RR)]
M8@V]P+%M2XE@Z3Y MN*


E?K%6)86YHE;



M

M3IAC)_30S:7P#D(JK)]7-K7
7_7 'E&+XR*A2+_!5:E.EC1F-EX*CAD.KS4*

V$9EB+!'6_7*?0.U$%2Q.+%] U?W5 =-0(J(1Z

M)MF'J?QI\HK]N]H
VK7*3K]R?JQ 1UT$83S1/AS]P1QI%$CVMFQ&7EH$9AW\
M GP=5\UA9

3
M




C_D6
M^
PUJU-N


M%$]] $=4N

M?%ATWI(=R5#K;:331C2/U7R -JB4:#C=M45A)XL]MN5M:(?+WZ0T#F*8E
392FEC (6F' FU9
MX=[&R,#7BK#,1G8XJ*A8W.UY2%P%-%2@(X9=:6Q<6B8-D9[8

M3O!9.#!KD@DSDB  M[8F.%7Q GY_WW0/I128JR:!?Q4MI
719E95=')95
M-O+J4T5A@=RKT[!I^7PXRZ#2?X
/)4 BP6*W4&RNK9G['J@!0CV0@_N&9S
M.FP(2\F+W.]M7$^JVO#(^JM1*RR2\CC%C[M4BTBM?98B0/QQ6F;2O2U*48$

@25&XY LU34TY5+91ZDU#-/

M8X8$_U.8== &JJ'[GM%2/IE_MJ@



XB6R$WL]F&9
MC]30(0BF(FX4\E&B4^@A+/[Q$)5BI.P-0\%51/2_


-LZ2!KI^6QS;-U:';(&V/:5X^S9
4W&'.[%7TLI.




$&@9MH)!OJJ!

M1Y\!;

M
U V]^2;

MCY'

O-E-]TC%$M3(8:%
X%9) 4&OJZ76DQ!/&YY0W=:;QL)9DU$:BYHF]!@)

)&Q9QP 'HX




)'@C

M9*68BJ^
X^L'&./)[*D




@RFMGEZ_L6Y_J.P0FRV9I(K_JN4F8-L/OMG^ ]ZW#



W4L!M$%;!^!\?^$^?&=C]UYCPF:4!7@!?[$(*K&


#V^%5U/






19I7BJROCQW)C]$-M

N.F-.6);R0I_UT/20'!00


Q)]=W%ABSD3N%Y




TL


1

0&D9
LG)N-M


B.S+'.=W

_P&8WVB.XLAB:@2;CK4:H
IRC2B.QZH&H;#<R!5$
MZ!CW-Q_JQ#-6HK-U


M






H&\M

QX?7H%UC1GD]

]L2

M[2.*G=@^



=#\M_[N]0=;U


MYU2N16A'ZH66&[_1XUU0G]CB_G0&I!$PFI]VV(GTS(G(G!)L30OI1[F44L
MY$=8_0CO$7^5S UC#_($HA7^2^W!)I,:E-5U81V
).5
VV:[R;PZ(A+(=
MOQVQ?L$I=P2:$6
\
AJPP96UCM]0#2&2$447$E!EAA7C$J]3ANZ
AM3&3.7


MA+XP(B899

S+
L^411M7INS^1W^#M-L^&



M-!O-[%HFXW0


VR?N.]9G-
MS$'1Q
$'!O3I==4LMBOF@/Y+I)_@=MM29?[OEOJCIL;%XJC*
-U^]ZBYBW$]
M/$\&%PXXXSGNY6A(.SJ93.EO
[EOM#C)@S)X.];+8U VL5Z! 7#.I8</(%[=
MY__%B_TRR*#N #1XD?R0%

M+!-FAJ=QP.\\YWRM\IYA%4BZI6)7'? -@PPH#+&[V9C^3/'_YJ*IL;1;U#@*
M4C08Y=)9/H&Q#O
IC+0 XBGC?.T2SE_PNLB?$*K!P'RH5/GI)!U/LW0XF2=3
MI!S3M!BI 

M
;A]Z!$PRG$^ WXQQN'E^32= &\JX
\
1HNK B/MAU9YE@Q/X2[BGRRG/T/D
MNU
8\F1T.AT;=(PG7\#/!D 025((9@!XP+6;=:D_=? =!PR@L'H.8YB,LGI
M(/]G;6/G$'V$D]863D99.@*U[V%^Q!*]FXB+N_Y'U*\!1E'
$)G%!D/1^D0
M)!D)-F$A.=MU=/!:=X52W*75

L+0D9&
M0RG2#(3^#OR2?XZY!4R/

M_9LF;$'H5M2)


PL
!KMK-!







U.KR7M+M
?5Z$ CY8P

A+S4#D;@-2'C/!U




PWH1\/C\N05@2$M6$&_\Y!



.LGIR!%F%;O-9_M14E&/V#=$$*16$G Y2.86M\.AB

-I0#X;=]&
MPTE !KPV;T_B*!)@I%Q[@\==MSW/CKW;WM5&Q?ZXJ]UQLX'J@8Q@QNU=V7PX





M;[+:M1]^@B;2=+^J;+K%&#Z0BHL_H/5ZH ZCB;^=?

MXWO!+[O95FP\0Z

M5_W(3[YRS6]ZQ\@X

FZ+@[^JUUB2BSY5DRA3V=$H@
?@31
M$6$ [4?8)?LQPX^@IWXBX&?*;X$MF$VF=J/@N$R&P9);:X\D+%(X=]/#$^T+

9G6/0'(?SL;9NM1JV@@K:N*;D

MK.73Y/
&^N 
-&=F& _G23'/;0NJ1FJ-* HVA^
U520:D'F7*43L83^QOF
M!R+[7

]F[FN@;!];IJ! &&:FO.X3CD
MT


@L;EMI*S;RMWXV+


=\U4K] 18Y'U$3<)ZFE)7PKM[<G% Z+4#BSD#OE^,2:G3QGU_IGJ7
=3

9$2






Y3%'('^D V-


@Y- #9K1
$'L)_C
M=#0LV


D
UA:)!1 ]Q(
*L1
M5-9T2E%Z9@2HV044^P=;=6#@K*F_$$,\O%4!=SX8[#2509*2(9G6CW 
-L



E8FX?]J 6X()'LP+]39
M?;/Z WXQ#K'
9&A/2)&-N


M]\['ZE8%+@_PZDGF[F S3_7S[I/;)P54B3%2:08.#X!-\P?S
:GUT'*]*I

()LNH%$-32(
+)(N&+9:=&RQYQK%0KF#ZRW6Y






_:!HVUW)WF&.X+++;

MV):8*6

M[D%.) C?A


MH.#WG^E:(!JC)KH?5$9\5VA16\%Y%OE$K:.V
^&TP&QXRO\'Y2D_G0SM\):=

M

?2X#9FD]C
2G



@6&BJ20T=2-[LE/?1-D?)WG(T^IS=1GCW)CTDZ5=NOOWU
MGGXGIOEGTH%TFJ5%-D\+4(^SR2DFW2FJ@NIXD4YFJ
V#GI'GIN\!HIA0[A^W

-2
8;(P]( CM%*3WX]A-[TAXQXKMVAR.XV8IK/EZH49CE-YWG.
MX&$9(]]E:3XE?,_Q%.G5+V3',_C.2-EWFUU#PI87_C%Z3L'-&4&HN8_R(&R
M981%-N;?9E
*VYI0)Z





M8


$+E=<GX3B;'4\U#^]O<5

_L&\%!0_LV0^;_K?GI/?7?_$V
 DG_KP?E


(L9'BN-
MC\9K;M,=P6_VS1).Y;7#R1@C+$-;UAA-1CG,:C1,\<8')C4@J0AA.@T\S&M
%[_G=D8?BU&7*TEJD8XCLS

6U)8##8QER(1?OS9MM0^V8 A 7


M%2F;H!,4!O*^#!Z3[FGI-D 10Q0Y:5@?1 !7F.8.Y8Y&E$V(7(W0M@83/X


$





#);\V1:*HAA(JPWPF!W7U;TN%Y6DPAW1+'QS0$DN


M




K&
MYU




?: /H&U[U+P5MD

MQGCHCQN/G6




?




:W



M32[6I41.NY[Z^.9D^


GSWO)I0X1_;.U=LMZ=W6/)\D8
M H]Y.0*F&!%F/
7KN


?)IYU+#IO]D]QD?OJN?7OD2O




R.G^\K']8KPXIUWYV$LN']M^BX.I(LZTSJ'9.H;NV4879MC!

;
M)N?



4Z$^ZHA@$

MXD3G[Y-*SO_JPQ'1HS;+;KYU'&GM(G
$)=')*7S%4-\PDPUP^#XP3M?W[8$I


['GR[V=7#04R![N$
MKRS*[9:+=



/_]IM-\4;EJ#Q5T($$@*1#_T7 M7\K6;


LL_1+U E(LSWQG1)%$/
U^1+15_-

+1*7JA'#@.%089AC

(_*A^![1!-+$R]A7'D=3171

M?% 9RJG[8$27L'_.%ULL6_@Q
NIQ;-3C.$Z IN?0Z

5MV=O
;[9!/&


M)9&







?
MU#MU@8N_W23_L]INJG63)A]6^/\+D)/N:PRC^%C7]\FOU4UUSYF3V
NO*%#M


MI!^]:@D#O!W/HP$X@PGV']J










MT2QZ55^M2S3!V%E2[4Y;Q1&/)W(WZ;J]!)
#UO:[.BB^:XU'I\-9Y!9I8^O1



MX 





:':66;XZB?+5WA'%JP0%)]2L&8:LA5F0O7O5GX!O
M]ZO_

M*:+2M!WH$9=0:I_W//$KM]GS1*O? R]1]VC[M\V
N/\I








M\^Y7:



M%]BHL5J[(


)95@
MTB0D0)/6#WR;W

M2#XU]CL_O_%V?1=^



MM-A+(_MM6PLU.X[:(;0+T]L[_''@3.I';\[E*E[


M0Q51#C1VA2F]


F.E?SL(.:G_M_CC''$M%=T;KV


2Q[ +Z;CIWM]6=







ML1.QZ?
A7SC
PK#OI&XLWI=

_VX.V


79NJEBX^&0W87


XC*;




MC!E23*0@GUM!$#.BF


6')GMD\
M
-T24/
$R#P!LWDP)C5/@
P3
)L'8U+S!



0MH#Y

M

9&%(F8+'2ZM=%U+

%H);+F-JH1A9*.XL-.X:FYNK

M]DV^UN6AZW

M(SW(;H&




M;G38S=?; [T]7V\/]/9\O3W0V_/U]D!OS]?; [T]7^\ ] Y\O0/0._#U#D#O






@  $P

-ADU-;]K=;I6V

QYSS@UB?NUS]?)RL7QSZ;O#K9!?
M]$4(7^]L;WPZ3G:(E


M((EP2MT'3P;N    *P(  !$              ( !F0$  &1O8U!R;W!S+V-O

M ( !M@(  'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      @B7!*ZKPZ





M+W-H965T



M:&5E='



MT@















M A0#%     @ ((EP2N_ J!RV 0  T@
  !D              ( !VT
  'AL


\M0$  -(#   9              







M%     @ ((EP2G
764G$ 0  -P0  !D              ( !#ET  'AL+W=O


RYX;6Q02P$% ,4      @B7!*VZ41F\(!   W

T+GAM


M3^7? 0   04  !D              ( !&F



M% 







M.YX;6Q02P$% 

M         ( !







M((EP2FGN-M
;!   T10  !D              ( !

M='



YX
M;6Q02P$% 








8%   9










BYX;6Q0
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#<S+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( ")<$JVL'F
MD (  









M971S+W-H965T.#



M% 


M LI   9                ? 

4      @B7!*
M-EZR6X#+  B-P

13SP4  *(X
M   /                53E 0!X;]W;W)K8F]O:RYX;6Q02P$% 
4


O

end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  










begin 644 0001640313-17-000003-xbrl.zip

' (FY?:]C.VYG9N?3'%JBNSE1BSVD


OG._8BN_*C



M4#2_Y?2;O8<]&36[O4^*M'P_'KG;N8B_XS $;Q!]@]N#82I]UO%AKY^G6'S





66TO]0I/WT N5?&]?Q
MU'\7!DRLA6A7_;E7_].H/]]-^/P0#C[]G=4E'T

M*E!*!A^2K'\S-
EC-DH&$XBNQHPT0?3

M]&

(=]P;&&Y@N
M\=&G
7P:XV@\W=
@^+=QE17KO4/^:W@Q[^4/J:?T<KFV+
MUH61O9NY66]\K]7X=I./^ZY=738;3[1R=0E<W#-+Y=.N/NW:\9R5-Y77:J[

MK


M^U8'U]WJH'

M;7J[5YGK%QO\8L/Q^-DXTU\DI[HCR.-62OKIST]_VZ7@.U'RZ1GI&7F@1:$3

M?DY'Q;K+ON2%
_WOQZ

$&Q:D


MUUO?KO-VU6






MN

?A;!-KS3__6S(85P&W&@SR;\D0

ZG<V1.
M7K0DO/C'9GK6?I^A2-S(9P\886FG]4OW-YU<6X_M2M[TAG^Y.GCBZ:[G]Y/
M=KB\#\

7;2Z)_$9VLZMK58@W Q[^4
ZE\;;
MO)?
W$XX+
M.8EM@&Q)2=:)X?EM-LCA+!=5IN;]?6^$\B'?]$M3V/U[:\.:@(QVLT$HD-O
T^ (NHILO/]T7:7F?


BQQ:P
M/'-E RYM91-FJX^= '6*TD5-/C)?H79KS?N:/98)4]JSVK+\!6O\+7L.-B


M(G&$J

PMW\*[[*UL1

!KR[*F
?
MXZ_PZCX]UX'\)WVX(J6]^ V&;&N+$U<MF6\A@4-;ZU;S]SX\








MU7BQAY)7FLOHQ^0U]H+#?*_B7L6]BE]NAL+KM]=OK]]=3:ZLUC![;?7:ZK7U


/P;8?BCR
M(?S9FT^I(?/%P%FPWY2]
L_'ON GKL[6LVYZ620P&UN[]-T]#;O)2OFR\DR


RZ2W3
U/R??G8_C479%6TEMA]YJ[E/II

M.G83D=I3VZ9?&A*;+RL?R4/_;RM]E#!J;JO BY.2):-[JCL6%)O)W?%[*F

MI-O2!LD\V\&M1'-AD6^7]FY
3L;E+:N*/%SU_DLZ!^B1WUK\?UE
M$.;PS=Z/$[9?6EIS9<9V2XHWH$_%V(WNF?'OTF^F2/O9R:]; ##7&'[XI)D
[-N_@.LUI9+;\_0/
G00I X2M]B-B_&8Z2X5WF
MJM3+,AV5^FER+/ @*9<+]V<'!5?%Y:[._#Y[OBR'SB2WP'S^D'0#:!?1UJS


S3\AF4
MRV5AIV9U.RX@

2

^^F7/98T/Q5)/WV7/%P'3W=$


MP5KO#GIW\!3=BE9V@

MN

M]OEL.=SS-'[;B]Y;OC
2:T
7'R_9T\QI76APLS45O'T_@7WO'%VV]H8]74Y-


K_*Z?VOWW-+N['Z5]]16$
M=7=F[?
;#LEN'

MV^4$S+4MBU[CO3=Q4=IVP(VAC7Z^CW


YL^:R3Q-YI8CBG)
YR8=E/LCZP*Y^K#_=1.JC*WYY



MIZA[9\0ZJ#F7



6M*

++5=&#



M[Q_37II]=:ZU5\




ML

_1W.M]Z3?2SQOIK






MC;=^

7(=@N#;V86+


A6;@)^%2XW('\]JB-U**\0;BMKS
M6%8WF[Q
U _Y8R\OAO^=%L-T4+[/!N6''.QQGI8?\WSTM_0N'55[M %2U]\I

%;@#:A_13\EV-







M0]MVKFU5

^J49?
=WFN6/I(75!J$=]Q


E9VE+



M.Z64[3GV![8$S]3QEL#G4


M?JHZSE1U+OIP
9.
M^^G3@#O4%I^7Z1GYHQ=^KQQ^B3P#M7LS_2YCNFL&\FV


V?QT


MV14S&)A\#
YMEI;Q]]Y@W(?;76%





ICW93JB
M=AU
]OBE
*^
?BFL$[/B'K59OL:PVRDK7^CT8A3BMT9?X=;H3L0?6Z=T7K'I

MP;?^.6?^7K$!WJ9NUKL(5^HB=&+3PC8


MCZ.N.([JQ'R_=;7 :R;]LUT'Z.:T?Z7I_QT:#_@-W2_N#/$;ND_O+.QH@O?T



ERUMQ;OGO5(WO$-N#[



GR_ZNX(


M%/[S6U*LIL7_




MQ
N -]US(W@OW/*O^L





(S1ZC@)0^'N
M YV5R)C\X7

G@HZN[F4#Y[^XBUY5IK066DPH9216P!A$, M8&.F0
M80[40D2:56@QED'PC&V;F!U+$O=@H\AC7J#X'7RB*PVQ
1 :LJPLC$/8N7D








MKEXV#UI:?A$LP
C 3!'%%&G&:6RJR2+05@9!+25U89CNT@?ZHG6+
8
1S&F6


8
M@@S%9+KN+G08ZUJB&J

?L
PV[QXV#HBAX

M4FDI1U)3;%QV)[($I(Y!JBCAO461 4YH!36 W,@88 SW%Q2!Y:(G3 8F8Q

M8+C^H&@?WNQ/4T3E*)].[[/;I^5?B[P\M@@B0:0041SJ6 NKF;8N8)
89@ 5





K464K8I[


=N5L?@
MLAHB(XD05A81BE$8X?I*.
;K_-4CPWQ]9H@&7%@1
!8AHR)A%!.ST()A(FN[





MLFJAWZ;SV7&^VK;J&2^AM60&/J9?\\%7T

 :'4
 .TP!

M*9BHL'R.)/









M!909*S7


M8===N/F(NI8&3PT*00.
0%1R0Z6)9M$K$YRO;=KWXKN_:I0'L@)6&B+ )R0:

M7]S6@:1XNATFO3]MGO=O)^=1KYT@-JSA






8$5P
MS1+G#2*NCMI8GI8F!;^U*06A%0K!EQO64UUL*=S4P$$PP\QR$*47\X[6


M)(P4\8&\QC+72
 B
QD3$UVL81R!2C5ROF7JAV1IAGHZ *AT8B+'446AY2
M%6&KG#!#'3B).@4-_\%^PZ@M_3R10/^6EJ.JAZ];!W8AQ2AW'\7?P97*2N?]
WR008

%)^RT2!]_^7Y(+/G

?DJQ_
M

VIND5E8<J%K#&I$5#1<9&;BT]HBU&K;1FH0IK


@ YIV(#I&P*.)CY;2(]
MU!!I926*N9341J%D'
_6RCA32W43\_RDE(CQ#=J^#ZJ52]VVM3SF3PHQ%7



%9J.DAN0[.V5G#;$;JO)A'O8)!_

MX=A17TR$W


MF#

MNR!@3J#WV+*8\$@##1&3PO6
%Q


S'0DL61$[M(P2F(*[O^Z(L8/R


IRL7
M4388-Y=)MI#J0(NF *(<C5@P?F7G'(P[UI9@H4TAH92-^0/1<E#&@P!:SE
M(1\1RO;J45$(\I%:&2@+:7

M!H3'* H4 D-IW/$-%9*!$IB@ID48(2D-.#M[.-N:]M%2S9UPC;D1B@F++ H#


24W9;
]VC$DLVS&3)X?P8
81



MY7B%N0A^_-7]JNDUYD]9?8G)^VTO$FLCQ504RECB$(+


9#U[!/&CNKD[6%L4&

W36IR.B**AU

MCX/LR]

M=$2C

)2


MA$+[ON=S2?.[=+07J%((J8TPF K
P
!B0Z=]X+@$^U9?D\)A$#2^;=.[[/_.
M&Q%&%BF!@DB:2('HF0SG\2/






;&U]]_
MF.U+$P-/M0E P;#50%L9&C0;)@1'M4D8\T93ONTX/Q3Y%WBM*HBRZ7$G+;=2
M97 @P:!$(@HPM;



TZW&!E^[+L*5A(\H.2)#
MP5P.7W(

JTC$
M$KQ1
3]ARE;.[ $HYM#GS;\;0&0_OB=RE8:9GS)$&X4-H;
51$FBV@$
MLFZ&7XEE#ZZSJO3GST.TBJ7.ERZ'5CYQ[08/;F6.B/XSFW?*PW13@
4]R&
M?A




MTA+:S?O^=]
!%$@=DACFD( 2)K!Q)[]
/:@0\=HI*$&X


J% 0QH839.)9Y0)6/*RET1@F0;C[F\YKU3_E:ZYO[LGV
9UP
IUVUIX4

R:$KF1G#@QG
M]T3W.A^/A-R&$*
1$=-(42RXG




MTV]P]R)S9W7T)J<T#^^JBPXSI6
:T(C*4 H1
M2QPS*D%Q&!9




5=
M 0OPX9@39$F@913Q( R1 XOI.
92ULJ6H2UC99RQR65$Z-WA&6X@!&MK!!!
M$.,HM(XDLYRTQ1;5DSXAV7K(BT-I:?@'ZG8L-.


MX2\;R%H1&0XWN@D'0J^M#;DL .%K'&%01&ZDF.WF$G&(ZBG98S)EMY60SIG$


)3![K'USF[N+7+SG <(XNB& .[W/H/
MZ*BSBA(^D_5ZW8O#_GCN(F72;1M1KL.(-L@:43GEE&+7X*&6@F=D=:_,L?#N
MJLLHD0B,T00IK%@8NBWQE<L(?G@$LTQMG8G5DR.A6!+81RF011J=VHW92Q2

X4?PVX\N

;!!&ED.


KZKKT^B/ V[8V+JG?
Q!:E?5OD#ZYF83R:WBI.BB$H7/DA+:JJ

M!?25
YK_@*&7'V__. 3PKE

MMU90QX'@!


A[6.


M61[32)




G(V0;7@ T\\2*;:-#E!]
M*[\[5Y@MXOHZ^+P@9KX)Q$ J$$K3R)TE BRGI!($[14P2+!)RW[5H)HH\H
MB'+U5I-SDMY/STF:?'OH/CGM2F.Y3



H*P2-G;'W@!4S$0Q4:$\&ZC:4/#U
M
+F-959H5X90X;C&5C$W


B0
M4%*
)#%8\L !I!3!*E[M]/ 
$/H)R:/CL^V!R:TBQ'HJ-$0M&N,!8T\-$K

*QQ%
M0F

M/A:L(9F'
&5B:R2F@WHU!@?E0@QZH6.I(%+66AD4\KA*@RL:VQ#5:^PI!X
3
MMH$!1)*?L^G9B5




MO9A#RF5[

2QJ6\
K/6\.CG+1W?++31BMLP9X*$PDT




M:03VQF@IHSAN8LL)8&DL





[:QM<6$#+5DD3060Y# C)D5285DX[$<1P+NK&3U8DW6

:D@1
MCYD[728.#)Y%I9(%M10YR[PLNM&,:_7%
(5RVUA%J$2!A8';J&XHH$(J[5

PO+88HDYB<3T8 B! [K:C^*
ML:?M8X\M8R806,0@ R_(.$T..$<HWHGZ:O%GK6/?4BYJ\V
W9[=.*#$A$C-



$*X

MV9ZVQ[9(@O5E565^F947]$6@X!N7P#;- W[X




J9G-8ZJI@HH1&$BA1N

2

M?3F3\O*J9&6S@E)L %%RX+U@KI?1*1]SD_.GCDD*^
-NRJ!J*XLL0PG*@V?9


CZUE_/N\]]J5\X]VT(
MP2<70R!$;:,1TJMZ&Q+S

MY



XG\Z49ZIK9
MG5



XPQK$I28&0T;*%M

M-@W





M!
XKXC





==*V(3

M2R
]*V'6 &RZ8!$C9&4LBVZ*N
JX;3O5FD\G^C/I4DD!H.2Q6V\2*K$V@:H
M:A(49()L6B_) 8_ZB]R!076-18_)UO1P$9TL&;.C!;LKQHC0ZAJKAXLSG57\
M1V8D#ZQ_BN/U[H6:.@B3+)ZGEU /@NA2EL8!UH.9T;/GHQ\W!X
G9CLI5;D

Y0*(#LRAL7C:VOS=U4
M)B.;:
D#L1V+HB?D0XW6
7PI8V R%[
SIH#

D!O#H:_/'SLAD+A9BR P6


'MR1;CDC0&510JR&TI;1%%M
M$8Q V*139T/1]Q5

MR!0M*VUE$4OAU)+(4RWX$ CAY^9@B]=



-1%



A]0RK;N]!)&T261/2L<.B ?
PP.9?^W&W]U^



J35KM7P


EUDOS31'UXW7/M\AAQK]
V2











MED?O5@9CA5


'1



MJY)
RENO0.^(
@_NF_U1]_JD!P'MA




FGRZ 1E


M3FVVBW@:JJ47*/^S_Q(LF611J)QPGERJ_F[LSF&+?TO'#.)'B%!_Y!4D6D

7O4=26@ (Y3)U(X^*S;H=ND .



;*KJ6-%F2AX58U9_]DR-/9

RED?006+


MGPTD45PPJZ:.

CRS?5_
8SZ4/^./ZM-LVZ:N*Y_TGV
M^?7XMS@;7TYN&6%M'?YM(]+\X_3ZX^UX]KG^?/OB/[ZXF]5AV;]NQL8?KF[M

L6I#I2V9*G!
PK#@^T5[T*O.NQYS_7E\K]O3[W

2SR A_7*NFI)6%\D



M)\EXQ_2*4V[NGFY.UE@E8JV
-D8HGWU:3?$H



MO[9HHTZ^A()C,!,NHY)*P&$

]9O8T0




9H=N+. I-)(HA4A'7)0.V68;.)


$HKCWF9
M)FE*3(TMKT



MGO$Z0P4BLD&U:$VT1F*7&RI4

5%9:QF+8A8A\6BD@

MA5T_G$VD/9F 2*S!JR9O.P?191V-911%MNP&KT@]7T &]?+




MO_

M;:UXYWM'NHOU[H[*16?8Q2'C4T$7F$-AZ9Z 4


M;6


%H+Z;(!PZ;* 1H;Q9:BKWU(=R/I30 #W-


1UKV^7*KQFY\_C6;C
+H97S[\


M

M^C]3
4JOLO(E6G;XZ^D2JVP2*M0\DQO9QYDZ+*5?KF?CT55-]%NT
KOX5NWT

M3]XMP;/CLV!4%H?H-9/$L%_C:[N%C;PZFKZ6WTW/!C&VJAXMK6/;?0H(Q&5
MVLO7)-2VV!RTC?LZGQZQF!UK/W,0.$:H[]X)73*:OI;UQ93)0RIL:
[@XR'

MB8EL3J&0X;\D%B6Z!PTG7&B;8.ZT8(]%-YB0^C\G'K+0.DE%I29%FN!$-XPB







MFGRR(MS&2K\W#7*TJR5K)K?+





MCC5(6?
$WES?_]EF=O&.?J;/)\K5UQ;)_:M#N[?L?]JIM


M5K



!D


ME\GMZ&J8%IP^H)
8P*..(7O%Q

18.U
MGD$B\)YXT #LZ /4@OF%4QGYGFZ\





YC


.%<LR%6YZ/9!J6!_]R+I )(6A]DLL?!YDUVXX!D@/]?[]
M<#$F.IM2. 9-#S+H]4ZL/U[;^FXAE (FJTSA%UC3&2*!+]5#DQ_GE
.?=V*

)#+I0?=(/6-AT8)WI EOE@+JY%?W(X=V80==Y2XLDJ]OE)*^*
M]*[VXES[YF$NRWKB7++**
22(95 B#(G5QL))R.DS'[[F'2D0])Y%
XAQ=;K

G%R62*]&1

J-^1)OR#]7%W






M[^7(=8C[+LA#UB(;

F?4Z[;YXF
SQ / J6=8]=6

MDV;D2Y?5$+?2!N5S[5M5G&1ZK'7N.L-K@59N(RU5VSW2BAPEJT6CJ_'/X]G7

QY(ME
;=S[^<L$F&BC6E=C&CB$G[8OA?K$Y$



M@!5MC3=NCF__@^_I/;

WD_V[I;[+98WG/YX5O/XW^


M\[?_V)C7^/U+^OUL=#FN:N3F4'*2\LI*(51@!Q%B1A:2+U%KGP2K\D9IO%@I

EJD:W-

9?J;.?GP8\L7P;\A]OQ[)_CT:SP#SRNS4)@/!&-45!8LZ/@
M_^H*(G/

Y(DPIW?;!UGN23LO(057&_Z#=T;54]W!M-%!Q/I5)B\R--@OO_$1O!Q
M.*

ES*=


W


M0G@J

^2.EU*-X09V3#3IM*K&-.=[KH/U


Y^WSC.


MS[/ )))&Y8N* (+I=%[BM2&F?4U]AL?;3V?%C?W-PB96]BHGZP-32L0%7J.*


MP






M

-3[


MQ

MD65^4%A/9:&:&JJ!


JU2;'ULDLSE3EO


]#9



+59?]0A


MO1SX3Z&(*#P!.E!@V5GVDFH;0P:KZTC
W#QSG6G']?YS&J3VAI2&P'HZYV@



=N_+=/MN&\:)DLG8)FN&=K8%N82;@@5:%B


9X*T&
M77!1*41IC7









;E6(R3

MTYO.$-J 9(T7\Y?M%#7BO#\
IE)K+W/ O0'8)^

9YA+2)7O5SEUQ5IU\$7?*B;^Z


MT3
WL$8:B-#%Y9!

--\=O]HMP
MB%P4G90MK-V52AJ+U59W1SD;=N1O[8&&Q#A$DJ%HW-&56M-3+2IB27YU/+

M;$00X)46R=09$DM.9ZUH:V$4PC;ONQ^(@P081$E)&


M89D@=@BS;0LZT HS(
(A5 W)*'TNI9!SR-?1YJZ?%*C29F35OFI#(NQ?U6@=

TSRA\8D0QS=O1Y/+
U#1.FO' .A$M4
O
_.@

]R-26:@_7QC*'PCW<!44(
M0DICSL( 4TL8=5RKH80F^/
8 ]T
 VW2'?_=KRZ



M1);[ 3O


M/D*N??6#2[$ D\:5_BY.J6W]7@\9K=A7[Z'UUJWT:]UZMF9[#7Z!%X63&*

WS
MS3EE
9P^



K-@00\GMZX7

SJ5T 6F
M3C:HX##)Q#2U2[+-TLBVT:.4;2+QX^34KXSU=R#CX2HG (;FL*MM:3+Z&

=_695$6
7CM&KC['56
M4G/8C@'3!_RM$T].\[J90L]S9F4!FWSR)H?%.2@AEMS$Y.J

M*)U;ECV]&

3A2]I1GX
RG\O7/M9
FHHTVBU&=@)+@?
M4INU;L?R



M
74-?D1JNW
_=*96FTH8H=895,D(W$B\.WK@J#!,O5JFX8UE4[WZWT$CL&:
M;&#M?995M$EC3BQ:]O#VJ:M[#D%R(##86H/2\64DKW4%(2V6)'DB.U74&E
MI*95]E/ #-.C1CC4@8=
15*]


)/(CC9-C];W#


M%0@^VZB=RQ*$J'EU7;

=





MO
K&


M/M]]#M/9;/I;%=WHW]E0[LMSA#^//XBX ^T$=JQ,QR8(5/1#C7F%QOA*&H




$NR0[$Q(U


M1A]R-WN.[5]I!Q;#/DM^[!IW83S@.O?].
1V7/+N^MJ.E)6O-ZFKI3-9AO:R

NIO8W8SVNE$K6E6YQ


QY2U+
;%


MJDX
0%Z8Z!+_K2I3#JLY&P'8ZVL==[U.+'J5R*GIR3$76:)U.9/4DMF^ZGJK


ME

MF=R?!@U2IDK7



!DQ@!(QH@R(9(SRK3(96UQP:BG_5N91]G
MF=H1R61F- X
+)0$I[BAF_I;BC&QSF.=:?)K

M18PZ8=F#%H


M(1=
DTOB D7TP+DK


JC
(LNR3:4*3-6MOY30%7
V6_GC
MFS\(2/XB2]R($
 AA]1. $!G8W7+9HW!7B%YVBP.@



M?1X W_.N


M*/B
5$V]
^#458VFF
FC8%ZH




M9J
Q0?_K\

M.*-T/I19

L



M_GB:,D-K,@%#;5/@2YCQSHEX UU*6*-A27*N[8*XJ$VLJX%@_99X-VWO


M-LFFE8'&BV0*A9=ULSO7%.

M9_V(+/OZ#IEQ+$3MM/ N)' VE DLBT-F4%?ECURNC5H]*


K!B%


Z6.C!H)Y<RIWE=_MD9X3UU[K//- E

MF 4$+8(2)O/8EM.3&J[WP7+@(#LFJX?:;5

M
5@\J

T HA^%@7
MY97=2EV3U;W*0
-TYD#J(H-SWC@C8]L '3#5JU4M^5B/(&O/KNYR*3ZY&)TW

M&^_U.D83XN)0CR;5-D:P\M6WQB\%=GR%GRJY4OVK6[H(YA[6J';Z8H@-QH
M



M*569MI9Y8@'4[1@L\HJ*P2AE-B2#WP:;UD<&,FA1.$!U&&\**.2K=FE!AJ
MJRP3:,$ZC=_ZR^(*XTPN2S=SMD:%DR
RXL?C75H:KCM@VM]9'(=65)T
F:M


CG%D4!W7GIE$CH+G96!M#A6RA@O;
MO:?;SYV-$#X'
-$(+/M!HN:+T$U&24YFO=)6J













6R





M'3#S

X_;#G?&QE)5&I#(&
M

0

MGY.P;
CH:7+PM8<<9?3J]:7E1/V
5)Q8)3%
MR@?NBZZ'-<YVPOK]'8J0/)+R$64*0L10^D1CP_S R)\P!V-^3_Z2M08Y3UN




2\PU.26<4]M#F1&<-DE$@N#.D6V(BOVI.(7)%U-0SJ]2&




PLR








P%VA9;?



MBP=)+_HT7#0M/R5;O@?VRR=]\_H^P
G


M
*'M)7/D:^M()UA2J





^TP?2BP[*
M#;+-27)OO6\:$5HW





.QD1?2I[5Y*L,=)3--5614&UD(8#78[^.BL3. K53
Z0.
MP((-6=ND4OG6
K:0



M:3+^\&XXO7QS


M*9)T.3
7O;U+



P65E\P@@)^;)+KA2\5B5O!Z2WG]ZDG(T)WN;20);*JD;7

HG






HW4WI84KSTNCSZHWS7TQ1%
MH8&CY&6

M





M GH=N9?9)U8F43#%'0#$Z&%A_HS9
56&@.=R\HOPP?N-)(E9J @G:(%3AZ)
M+E.)%FVE$)4RJ&


 RUR8[&83G)@9K=;DZ\B84;/27#LUHO!D:AA8S ]+MWBL*RK1C!1KG


/I57GA
M+X/+X4J#UI3



L 31QWR.\I?1M?[KZ6NDG
M-
6:7G%E.-*_MJ3%%WEQ3__T3UY_1S
)FT@X4\:(@KZZ .V(!1^DJBY
@
':


_SK9'(^6T^%UVF'

,' FX#.6KLK:#L@#,V4J_Y %R6@E8 [[C)
MJ#C(U(021 .Q$0?OWG:#S^_&9RU1\0C)5I(\D'YK31



B-



M[FY=R/
*RO8^*:6&DM+GB!$7;K=1&I
I&$
;#K)O3YX7RP!#QR4RZ1///H
M)!T^D4 0JCPG;D(T]46Z$1;Z4:[KY;U'S

E3
M



M[3%!.5IRW@FF@8L(Z**S1E$


(D90%FNVI(TPT0]@K0O2ZKZB
%DX
!T
MLA1D
BM
F6NQ&-^A%)%7E3Z@%+(?XGJ(P5A@P 
VTX-LBEZ4Z?/+@B!9Z3&D


M9P[WP4(Q;C09#68MLJ22
55 1STT!XC+.!C2(M&3=B71LH$


5Z4L*


#FE(TNXS@=9*7:.Q/Z


M+L

M);46-E0*^B.UOROX*

AB=3)D 9S YBCC;(RKMAL:]




MBW.KE6BWT44193TEF#/Y*



97+KX.I;^E-IJ



:U
M2,&PQ,AD*G^GB&)YL,MJ^1=6/]N#+4N3A5:!(],;0I11&)YM
Q%=;?NHV4Y



%S-%$;XH!-X%[
MQ#O%'K?)(KDO;\.;G\5N8.(0G

MN*\J@R!+4Z0#[[P307)6MHXO


\K8T
M#VY5+/@U6Z)?)N-/Q
WA^2\W!=RZ'U?^39ZZUEB[J(Z:&R



?G;G
M.;F0O0:CG$&I
:.1KKG9(^Y'Q]W&Q*!D@L&7S^P'QF3/Q 6_4TWD641P(@47
MF0)!89AO


M_M$\S)=5=1C0\DBF0S'K.5D.-
[-\XM&&']GI


0\CR0WY)%LO,@Z6
MBCR&PS?S<UF-Y?SYRBCB OOXNC3Z'PX/G]+G_I( ]/Q_-*UGA;P23OT9?X)
M!^&+/[DH1=$1[@SX'S?7Q]U$BOM=F3^'&.^[-JT$F\AD.T&,MK,4 7F?


F_GPG


M?#N:_3-/A\


E21G^




\Q$V](UT[
MM8?BVYII37\

HN2-2ED%@P\
KR


MY:9E5D)W

P0BE@D81_/:Q$=WJ\:=Q
MXD$R


D87-2D&4_WVELM!U\_(C3OCK\=#MYFK&



(DVE7&?7MJDIU.GB4(&5D7J

;:C;. J.7PPW


\S^7_$9P\F

M#:N?88U29$Y[88Y9L#P,KH,%JQ&&\36.^L-O3//CM7;2Q_?#B\'HS']?2 6
M3PFGF\%%,3'\^=6FW.;'*33P)BIT3J-B6.CS[E+R(
PN3/W\_'HGAQSC^!-
M11MD5HF9


M*6K!DZ.XR1$Z=H%

0&%@(3


M3D]@R/WE3!F'UCO
W!A-



HV
;3C62\

2@A75=$K(I!=D-.Y11*9 =C\F2J7:*

_
M

ML1O!V@W*WDC^
OR]^=%L/PUT7 B3ER*C0^^4).RLMYG\/9MUR(X4@MDO=-H+


MAB([

HS'U3(A^

MO!F



M=$!+@R;%%'E@Z(V-3#L3S:(&1X,LI(W$LU-(G=@B/JVP!:!N'!:S1EL2F=

/#^5I121-T.:S:*6


IVQJYYC7^3VS




O:$#X<D8,8PAA-H$8!^[ N4AA7BLL$25%/+6P


M1P@4!LEF5V7E#@/*TV+'D T**TL?N%=2*J=X0Y(T0*YGE3O=FZ0[W)C7W=V;



5\


*6U%+D4G
M2AHN
#=N6/;)D.K?-?+JJX!S[X/IDD


MJ7T1K: :)$J9.7!/=M3 7;OTZJ8#LY*'R(I.N]]D(DO(#4AFRIQ9%FOPAH^
M#J8?RJ#Z,D9X&9R_7AV%^.'M?T^(%\D@3LRJR4@EX!6\QSGYS9Q[UT=B(-X
1UUD\B?G'P'$$+E C)!+31


M@'QM#]TO-^6!7[^/HXN;
L]EYXJ.SJ: L3NU(\QJF0
::SC9H

M3-@TS%V5P3:H5JIC'TA5MX!T%R&MXF*D


2L&D0N9;TCV)X&JHO\'?N@8E
M^&R19]/T!FEB%SP4B00TNIDMNP$$\8*?2J@\
Y!*;




M(F50LOM-TE$@ZEX7D_J(93]6%A;11@Y

MT5N


O-&. A64SI&5






H2/XG@_;X:)Z
S!TH




3@!.R[0G73%&$8#O['LTLO'V64V@T<F

.:=;+G$9Z%K@


M7N9!?@
& 9FPF1]]17


M:P [-]U&HUGR
KHM'


!.V9O=C.3ER1M!LM)AD(2Q&$46





W1J3+S(\.K\8'HT

%(^*428.WT_DY%^&$_E2N(F0QB F@1'PXE#9*CY$_$3V@T8UX*CA%#4
MY._

+!&
X%)NJ
T
^BA.RF@;_(W:GN'D ;_.&(!69


M








ZY%
64ND./21T/]0XN=E?(0PB_0*8+\CKC/
M0X)9E'B)\EX$%/O=)\#&;Q&AR +M$L1X^+=KX/!EW?O4WAC0HF.QG-,V6\


M

ML'';HTM


9
@
MY3F&2EB)8%


M.%S/O-
F816!$


MXQO69U$N;L
TD%_-Q3(KG!86?ZU

MP7SYNQ18YAD@-/$0Q!$-J2R&\

MTH6]*=FSZI9D=-579
C&5UGQ#8[T7YJ!MJATQ1

MA 3GS1'&

MB85 AQ'5.!J4J2QQ]H*D:-7G.0I%8U?DZ09OQ__*8[






^I*M=XI


M]WGLVF.#F(=:$!#C3UD8X?.3M@:R6MN9N#ZZCK)6/

MVN1TC

AR/7)P[!@'CPBTMIFH %!JF9



M/_/
/,N2$[B^Y6&,*@LQS-V56
M\65Y 7]'-E4*90\G$3]B=YMT7$+&9NV%K#AUB


=:;H$Y7]AB6M@.37APW<907K]MM\.T;@MIL778^P\J:%W%
MIEO]?JUEM1OU5J?;:W8:[:ZZ%EQ64TD/KDZGS%VLSKF#UXF;IYW1NE<WX[=7
M:^]CSG*W?5EKCEXV#J#L5@MD8Y)Y)?9<Z57TML9]![/C\!O_F<:16G6U*Q9
M#-;\C3-
 *2-FR^P (%C#.8AIN93S:?%X--K/




M0806



MXU
O'I
ZUF%;DJ/%)5H]GM56?[UN]IM=O=6OA:1(0E*B?4B]U:]%3(M8F8S4





M.1:XPKGL.

MVU7+M9;KH\EUOVNVU%4Z:\$^[&% F2
/^KP_GW[P^9&-
XM
=


$93  3CXIZ/3
M]
@D5&IUUM/0:K3
9EM=L\?7*'D6YD;K.*WCM(XKC(Z[.&0
_0(E=]KF+R=[

M?_HE1\7_Q)RA[.=;G

&-X.'V!DGY$@;&71!.F'$=




9/&EP#E\


M)\PQ\1?!%_385/ /Z1\KDY\/*G^ND_F0O;5G?-N?#



M3A[!2#7!#]PCABPR_VVV06^CYQ8!V;9!U@;^;)Z /U^A]6DY%B*4CM[%5:\(
M-:.M

9E]# FG#
MH_3X4

F!\/F8T%(B'5E#BN
M@)\?XR@(TV=]9M&$CZBJ).*N;P@?])_QR.0-S


MU5-C)F1U#I.8PUC%!E
$X@(!ETNM)CP:!XXL5**KJ1C-E_4^7$7+J VM;8UG

M\)@S*LO+Z]''D#A

M.0RY^T :..F(D0]T.(0*ZE7 :D:,X9A,&II ))



^%QI(




F2MW








M\C;JJG?22MH=.%X=DL1KI'X+U


M9*?[5!F2?=P%L42:!0B:UG7E%DE?^W6]MA

M &4_ ($DY$

K\.1R.4XM%(%CPF?DM'[?(@H92H
/$C(-'KGG<I V/T@

LA)47M[!RSUW8
M(2XLOHK$ZNCW:[UZN][I-1H=H$&OK0Y*I:4&2J5Q6BR43H&Q4(!9BG304V0@
)ZFU'2578D<#:CB[*IW



MQJ8?KN!V'RP6$.(1'H^3NW&%[04B#OD#+-&5%]C?__:___.7] ZL'AKX#OYS
M.\_3^ +29


M4==IT@O]D2/FWC)U]-KIZXUY.TF?CWEFSP14QBSI860
03T+65W.@
O!! 'S

FB$[]^OSDW6'S03*_8SVY7#M^+7!08/)A
W(@6 ]P5)2KT-8=(:
4\5H

M3P.PFP$VVP@#L'U/?
3) 9&].YY8Z :Q6'A@+&0;H
\
B#EB:.DB#I\?62AJ

%E;N=Z#J

VHK67BFR1-
MP9)/Z:MD=J6

2!RK(QWGV.G#0VM
M5H';=W^XN;&E3&[S(%





Z.V567.U5\EBG.67(%
M\=] U2M+
+.OG<X('-=?JC;ZY#AP* 2/@&S=T+J<
BV/MX'(1







M++Q[+U-/(NP9'$X#3) T$/?G#[@OPF[*;(*B,( Y^.;Q@/_P42B0N6[7$Q@
M\]MYN/9




WME*L

$EWV(U84V5+:
MJ

MM7X_.I5






W-ZV.M9=Z_JZVVW4^YUNNV5=
@OV+:T+/<SIBF:V G:9WWZW];2\N;ZF=M-NY]I:VY





QP2E54B!0S70*Z



='MML]51AP.CNS#I
%GWL=
:LCH:

P=@TS

M%Z9[X02_/UTJNUMHGK&MQ/8/FDV@SF+A -Y$N!?;M/3W47;93;]/ ]]@3C!-

9Y



M*]W[N)H^E[)%C?:HP:;]1^P*-Q7EAQDP/1@NXU=P+J:+TDREY]2^#'MY&@DE




MWCV





MY_L;4 +J'(6\[JIU5*ZVE!8(%SU.*XR?/6ISC9TG#S

M9
G_2RODI#XH?D)GSW%#[)F[T=U$Y9#KN[N%TUE#;2;25J X!'A#


M%J7=Y2MD@O9'#FX#&X$CCF58Q@5#'@6]-.\QOL2=$*I%X1(?R1Y;5Z++KYD
M%XLO&7&64CP&QX.*AH#8RN8=:NV)M-F#^(!6UDU.(?X\B F(TED)*QMBL
M=5?[V^T_1C-QJ5

(:
A4BM#2A4#W%J)A-JP9]Y*SDA

9W_4&-:&)V
F




%_!9(@M

M)PBF$Y#NGU*


MT.3'U\]R[I
]DRH2\B3[#3DM_(CV*-V4
C%Z7K27\O28?N NF4C\_38. P=!
M*4(CI&


&OQH








F
?3RWGI
F=
5R&2CJ28:?I#P_@9)C9BE/J-3B5.-GCG/F*$OTXS65M?VEJJ\
ML/H@=&353(Z2EY0 



 D'5N]'5BEJAW?K8;9

+LAL9X?8T]'V1]N?K66IL0NK5-7^*!69\Y6

S$_C5WZ



GVW#E/U@<Q.

VFEK-G*^:


M)RTI V-
;?RQGQK_





M
X8)O&8*;

M+Z\&WVYOC.O/OWVY_?0-_)C/G_;V6)8GD.7H'[!I[=]CT);SEK4#;+X_G!G?



8


#


M@LD?N(VH@H=0HHG9:J_V%=M_J9\YMC=]8JY'!5*OK7*M9)=V)IYQR)M(6S


I
M^$*!DVI*J1-2*8%X '%N ]_)6I@C\@IYAW2;6+P/&/WVM:G @T!R4/THCRW:




MR4P:M6ZWIW(BX%%'8T0E?6DJF78..8+0X0JIF


'BE3
(1C*8;I




M:HMU3 )[=!C//&4XH[L/Q%CGQ$76RV-7;@Q1(+!8WEHNX*C[#+J+B8;F@_

[A/FF?S5R=-:DP:NX4PG5BJ=7-8K6B[(PV


M37:ZZ7



L!-

MIRX1-0NGS\[L $AQ4FSEM\^T:&G1.D5^K18L+5@%*
(K@J-4B#J[HF@8=3G+
M6L-H#5

93GH4B-XEXNF&Z,)U?/-?GEV.)%6@UZG_*
M/:4SC1(&E)2%!QU&=$LKFKU:7Y]L%EZXF?'JGF6HQL7:VG0TG(M-.J(.N


LY5





M MM(TA)A%L1(OG!_ M_$(68L1F-NS$!T# [/=5:W8TVZXCJ8P$QF!K-!1GC(


MX=J





M7P5W)HPNE2\SGHG^R(V@CMB(PSPFS/71@DS!70U4J=I&K=DDBR:4:%L8K/$\
M=NVQX4:&*T@_V


MS6(PISF'Y
_@FGF!F
]P&KHV\+Q/%WD


PE:2+I

N/UV A-T3\^!]P8;*X(?\X)FV MP)3T*B-+8'S\1QR?Z8
M2H+\)CAGS3\IX0FI_(=N%1GON]BD
OS%Z,$.X##$C$S32T!\,Q!,NA9:-
/J%Q

MU
[CCYB%






AFQI[(O1U44B!8(==MH;Q:.XPH$=BQ45E=9%7FH
+SV


PUYAXUK
;NU&(X

M5=J
/(C#M3A(+

0^SA

QHGN'(XY;2C

EIN#OGCB*5R7





GN]

M:.(+#^F.+^ BVK/L4L(/@ ]?^?O[^YND&/^T?KWP\T[PW7@V9'EX-ZH]^_


):+61

M'

*E





M& C#FY/6V! X$.Q6F%*;&$^LHC2]\5SD]8VX_
8]+
M)L[)K(X5PNYAD3P-/%I&6W!V;1T:9JMO'9RSJJ)*M6AIT=J^Q
3L6UJTCK0-






*L5=_DE#X-2XK= K)
F.Q#MK)5B173?/B&W,H08K=JJZ'NM9RFEJ7YGK7D*YD<*SR\
MPMEZ'#RT3W$4RB#P%


MKWG3'-1[437;W3:9Q]0FK:?6LA



2:*RD%GKO2JZ


M6MVB=[N+;^ +XSWI@II39X[I@AI=4%.IK#5=5K.EY2I\64WR4/1CO\!BV#/Y



M@;4\T] %UR
:L\AX#F+/
&0$H3%EKBP$IDO
MANGL P8869<P)7\AQO)Q[['E@;P#6D-;R9OP:*BP(?71

,6$B@!_P**27KF8\&@<.
M:
?3$/$P&$@5W\L4S4E9_90/X@24O^#Y'O3WAQS9OQ&INA


V6+9N:1H4H-Y#40ZH&2
M-CQ:+7@JK8ND+USZ



Y&M49
;4BP4Y&=
I^&2I
AN1]^8.+0

M*F
NKF\9=MWW3;[5[5N\\(PM)<.EN)$G.3%ECNCE

MREPT7)C:RK-)ZTHFY



M*E[W;-(RI65*6ZA32Y

V[WX7_E%L7!<:G(.)&D[!:)D'(#8='



B89G7*1]D

W:TT#+O'6857N_C2#^<YJUY[=G_-3
MJ]90.:QA$!K1F!LBMFTN!'R: 7,(@_L.4#F%-S<25/,.30/AS4TCY&+*[0A6
MPYN9RJ9GU?J'G=X49#EPC+_'P96EV;5
J)@9:JMFF$\@.!S8B\%8_$#)6R4
M%PK^8\I]P4$8:)+3D#M\:9K
CUD(
YU/5
Z\DTUR2S%+VWJZ\#_?]F)D#R#


@Z'ATZ(XX9Q%(.$KQ4J:K@&


$4J96/ K6RRW994<N6%8A




@
MY
807P


MUP1?CQDD]!Y*!1'H Y-/ PXXEY
4_2 632C3R]-^50X=Z03S'QP!\9L2^?



M_6V=@[_=F?TZ=;=5%H
Z^T$7?W#!^W'M#19E08IST





_]CFFQ

/-FPI6:.=




^*GUO1@QS_9AS0\S&[[C#(9@/X$B9U[ILS41B
MD
M$E31Y


G6 L:.R;IV;';*MSH/48C2#@0@+C:R
M@Y=^BU5'G/5K6P)PC#F[$I]*=F4*4+W98

ML5+\2@D]\%Q^NAKW*@)C_I3F_P)7XA0=#T 'MXEHAD/=O%9*&^XZH T
P5:?




M$0$NU*L4+XS0L$B1K+0 ^NLP_(=( !D%U@\!#TF=B;(\ABX@CJLWS:1[\5^N


L(_8P7W'A7ALLFJ5*






MAD0
B9C=*-%L&\V&OC-R2

4$[


M\:EYJXG$)XE/$I\D/D]%?.K=1B/IN66
I#H=4#4?8E#D4(MI/+-8/JZ.$_:?

MWV\V3+ 4.FV-QXOJJB&O=A4VE5%7=O25FCQ5K98@*Z]FSB#5D%
-.:&Q=&@L
2GR(!5*<2E&G)BW8JR+M60'R7S*K2^Y\)W9P_<XV

MA_B'^(?XISK*?SO;R:RJ62!ONN4C/.:*;/8*2B_J(+/3!O2Q.LB8IM'J4 L9



M4JO=TR:1MB1

MEDXBEC

1R1HDT4:BC43;041;VV@U
MW* 2;21:/11J+M2**M9;3[!84!3E6RY9SZ'T
+IK_N^H

M@-EL_/!3CHI_1)TQO.=;G
:=E=26


1K

;94P S6!F&WC]*I 79A

M9^\B&PP&X0=O
VO^)'.%@)@*,0(3D5),C<7 14Q=)0I@X44R8^KI#U@4+Y%RO
MN^D*?H)1\;B FGM'N]GD))$\]/(&6ONR9VGL !NU=8IJ:U!\<W;ZP*L
MDW:M/_.0^3




M*
U/81

M^E%YJMOXZ\F&[;H6S(^SG/WQGI%;I$VBO0S0A=KZUNP[&_D1QG&2XOJW$#!^
M*%ZQ6JU?2F[4=MKOUO0\
/F*UAJ=MM'7UTEM:RKNI#ZJQY84'2(Q2&*P2F+0
M


M%I#+]








MVV@!!

Y!Z&Z[2%N\M#R]*)AB-E(AUA8R4.W5Y0










MXK2=\A'2U1KM

M@W!&CA7
@0X3QYXP*^#
=:8.EC^/(GG(]\=O5^R.R\IHUNHWU9_5CM=%IA#8
M_80+GE ('V


4OFN5_G8BY8-H/N;/%
\W/YRZFRYT=/
MBC
4((:


MBYA]2M_R_\9OF0-Q!.

M+/.%Y\4

MPV(YWA

&




S)E[8*5+U[?__
?__L_?5J[[*NF4
M7@.3])#WOO'QW]_=7B-I_]7^_?[Z'7-&\(-EA^?MV]M^[_*Z
[B]ONDUKOJ-





Q6M2,BSSJ[H*N!HT?!P)0^9$3G7Y=V7E6L\@X +^&+GQ!3*:97V7 C$








$[

ZD+_4C

[H'PI0WHC6N^$
1O+
/N[K3VGRNZ7#
M'ZTB9;-$Z+]%&&8W[74&:^^5,U@+KTQYF5(V1D,#';1:K^?N(AM=NC6.L);:
MV*V!69K'8'95NFX?9+9<7ES?81JT\X16JT[K$G)^+5T*:C$LX?AV:T;VM2T


MLU4XL4K#

ML\#'4

LM;[:
MQ!N)-TT4[!K]IK;.\23=EFR\4^[@--35JV5S!9Z&AZ=-/=)J/FLV_SO#B9+




--@))#BLH60#G&G_/WJ!J'M%A





MS)X+X-=7GYR

+5@2I'6+)

N
MAZE:QRRV6TE62O'*5/$3-G)*2@4(\1VV[HN#MC[ P2.;#8C(A?NM_W('6&?
MT+E28,AJV?-D&?1KYJ)ZA Z#\84YD^^]_@)C/#14#:3N9S_S/W'P)I-''L(


M/_39$H2Z4GIOS?)O

U[$

M9_:;L&D





M_Q#_'-9$*U'$H_;]1C;2^H2V%5YCMTIO)[0-LUM\T=5);142&Z52PN0X+!


$%F!_$/\4\)S%8* I:J=***44+Y;249X'!E%+6-*ZXG

M62D_@Y6*5L17Q%?$5\175:$5\17Q53F
KA+%T0X6XKGW0\L]9OWKD3M+'*$R









_\

QFXX=EMC1W(ZYX](A



M?C %BN1EAXG7I ^6
&
V=]WXFK^_:[R3WT%JV
GWW7GUV1F%DP^#P46_T6ET
M^\UF%^;;[_R0&%(@!UUK)OB'Y


J4&V!O\\+H^6:OA


N
![)H1FRQ




C#N_U9[@5A4^96L&?/




#)U6\!MCIDX


+K98K G

D@(-H2E07S&?@[:2'

?K&W
MUT+:B+11N;51)N^8S&&0*@5--19:WV/1+9EX01U\&X*IEBJ;6&?E5
&2!LC+
M1R54I0Q-;D@5!#Y
AF_PPG&$CCEHPKE*Q1L'_C0OGP'5W]VQ&L_^V!+F@WI
MRTQ]N&O$0\MQ\=&/5C!*$?YMN#^F2V7N+U&@(RF @U#M/S;0(:8@V $HO=%*
M$!SM!N8+_L%=7/^ D?
1KJE?H=VB#RA219)28K[_KBL3L^U7#WZ;*CUU(
M;I6VA



Y.B&X667Y

MQ.W=GX[GS;_Z


M*@JJ1XK\






M-*E7IIGBPG=[/
38D
WY*+['TA

M8I-&K;
G=\XE+\3++P. \(/R



M;]7:DVGW3B
*UFQ1&&Q[







NBT


YK)!

W6-VW1!))GK_ J;3(3LDX_$SX754]W:[+Y/
M ET6W#)2&C)5&'%2V*+6RHCJ9*]2')!*)Y +8DG?3?T1=XWE!&*9'HRID=\Q

S


M=-0^O%*3



)H(H6!USJ;D

L_$V8GS$



MR3@-N*;




MJ@4AG2T1NQ2HL5TWIZBDBR;S3%66J;VX^NFSY/AP7IBZ@NZ10'=)\. )&'KI
M3:#[%G5/G
&8[O=O




M'@+4^X48$E/'P$$0.Z'3E68B=-=%R* 




M9JF8

M9#F Y3WBI=*/0@O';F$G8N!SEQ&+ARH#Q


M(^G#I 72Z3Z?6-A4Q

M0X^Y 26[(;@-*_+2#9.U^X=[N[.=91P2S3!4E0TJ2SP+JB42S8E



MB6BHLFEUV]2:8_;%0C8VQO[0](QSS)
50.!.45A. 6[!10O.)1/,?9E@G^,
M^,TOQZ827':VL
AI/3EZ5EQ6-K]F1QW@1-73N\[OP%8I0FFO4^!+\/GK
MR:$?S%.-G=OG=)(_*JX'X3Q5=X]8)(WIL1
(/&3&B#_Y$?8#N/UX*UM'@6+$
M\

*0/K=K;B(G
)8I?M680
:)4R#Z.


M@$I%!&$*J6/'B=%^7#P:;P)(AP'  MY#G&
DXT-H+F3!S4V9%[G
I.5MTU=C
M



M[RUE$';AL==K*(^[;!ZH^T5S YZ7T2V7NZX)_L/ID6#RMMY\MTGN=6C[(JQ
M9:MV5S&UTQ#70F[&PE+(D/BZP,?Z4A@5*+%B,;08'('5S!+F=$1)FMJC).N8
M7W*=2G2.XXMHXR[3^U5;J!C)_$]UUMQ:?@[D?(+7606WI;S_V)]&/ )9B$\

MBZJ)613'ZJ]G91MO^A

MPQ('W@=VG0LV6@]HH %;R#WDQ?





'\'
T$?%X6V(@[
M+B5LG7]?+!M6Y4*:A;.P028#*6E)1S+CN(!#ELV)5(UE73?2[G'J3W'7NN]J
MIUY93/)UKHH:\^_*OHRCO3S+*)(]I?RIBO(N9Q=)3&9)3;M%Q8#GMF(%$-
R



&#I+9T91A3390G.R-I21?N

E



0[U=V#((#17CT!K&RF0*TT/FW9DPN^?62_VS3:^B*$%)XGN-33&8]]
M[ZZVM-235KBGX7O3EGTI]'


MG=7MBMT?QJ[PV!9VQ7[U'-5^^]Z?V;YJR8['381/K,;+0=G^D0MP?6R4GY

FJLF\E%ZYM_]MV%\9*V(.WH+

MT=#7?[NMI?]V_\@MJ'O4@OI KI*3#1,;7'5 V[M:*;(=OL'=^#DW?U#%-?


#DMFQ-^#C9CIS_3GG+*'=
MBTQ0JKWR_/GT$TNP$8S?XR.Y[('S$






MZ0EHE]7)_+J



MH$*
LQ
Y97Z@
;I]ZH?
D]=T*_I1(!9Q!&2IP[0/;VOE?'RKLVE4/ F@OR




MTE;5
:S&14OGL
:^:C0EDF8@; [


5.%OP(QQ^Q?T8P8+



:7M\
^K?=F]O+Z^Z@U^C&#?ZN![?#



%P^Z_L@'?*KVQ.R+22D3CL6
[V# 1!$Y
ML49

-026'?Q.K.04,4*
M][J)#$JT8(Y+X0(<=8RHA,T7&#5I9XM( 19_GCC \"2'CG(E/9@QC18 2L


]J12QB$%? 8B7XW!GEC!H](+B:%I28M5

M


7Q
MWZ\SM!$Z#67;O%?X(%SB7LL5E64N50^?(GHMVJQXK(-#M%(_



M)^GD.JK1\5[D9Y9

M\5[[(:T$[=_K E'RF@[A-9T(



M.H3DZO:

MJ.P)3@2G4X93JV-TV_KBE00G@M

KP!N5WU;R@'[&

;
M^L9 WXDTA 90Z71
##: VT!T+J@H6[[I@LCZ

IRB!

M




M.M

D4^R;Y8S;B#W0J;)D$
MU&F4S1ZAQU+M8U4$3X(GP9/@2?L.SQ-PVSHV\,A8!(P9BD-TL*S]
M2XVS

MPW-*+A.)B+MMP;0.N07SD&K1L32$(XXD3BQ'(0C3B1.+ ?AB!-/F1-/-UE
MWG1C!1Z,2K 9#YB86 '_0%&9P\/S.@\.GV(?XA_B'^(?XA_RDD?XI_CQ&ZK

MIK9F3&^G5EUV]$B&D0PC&78$&7; /'F2823#2(:1#-
MPPY9ZT


M'T

MV5.ZLU ^Y

M+AB[S^C $CJD[\3_P9JZT8@SES]:K@'OLT'(A
 D!HY'1*[Z'%CX7\&L1^[9





MX+6Q_!;(?GCW _?XV+%A*

M//'L+N2

MNH3?\Z_V_& *=

&R1]?\_=WC7?R.WA$=O)]S8+=.U
 U6?^


_!LTQ]X0

MXU;V^8CMB.V*9[N5&&2A9G)$GJ*2O'_S.%ZR^5%WQ+1+/2X5J[W-M([%@P





M*UX80:$'=-]A*0B3(







M4@I5E4@2O9;14(_-U*8QZ!RL8SOMM1(P9C;MCYK=/25[A$P9@$3$W ;)D'






M


\:EW7
/\'EFSK7&/[./7+P =$0KFCYDUFP7^=V=JA=R=L_UI
P
M/<W8#Z:69W/VX'N1X$+.(.NA=NDE6#8F34/?-?%DW!A^#/+&;'09WPZ<_TY

#8F#.QB %DD=97O([


 )9PQ4 7&!KQW7BG1I?2L)=@S!P$&_^7_B9QP


M-C7CSW_[
1+GCY8U^_OR I'KCSVT04?O2D9L!WW\/T+UW?_O
?__L_?TON

M4=+N



M
%$;[ -+V65AX#Q$DEFGH#?@MRF'GVP!:C/5R6#].[Y4
_ \&W^%R_]I 2L$
M\\PD

0+[IO
ME);X2((0V#598E:\ V6^



SQ&R:^R&M]0( E+\ C7W%]U-M!


MU\Y_  &F[+O$;DV&L%9W(%7EE
&2!B
-KX_'(@#GHW24J6J)T8XFU\LF8:DM
MBWM8TV]2O
NE2*V+MQOYRU-J%&Y=@(P=.2J


G0AX]SV\ D;


)Z+U\/2@F[T
M?#96)AB;^:C*
+0I$93-)E









QE@S
MP3\D'WY:3GK


M#MRR?16%3N+M43VQ+WVZ1L?4UWB?FK;67^T.BH!3!5%#2HB4T-:H::[FII$2






G!K&RSM514(#/:
M9 
*&&YV


M0)6\N5C(M\A]ZW/8Q*8D-KF.:?%M'C(H_S;VF)I\C3^OR]
Y!8ZY.V3CM-



M3BPT20#YS:6N;DR15+=B94_L6C2('\W]B18C1KN_G!CY[35';S+;%6V:SJ

Z2:A@:.&N*4@FP#B'@J:GN$X<I



AZYFIKDVIUB9 0.@@=3H&C1;!@^!!\-@ CS;!@^+K
M94KZ*!$EJRN6ZN*U%Y F4OO.600P MC6 #--HW6 G'?%F&+L$78HK#Q4=-7

MADVCWS4+Y\.3Z+5 **T:2LL%Q
$!@%@7K)U\#)[ZFI1

%5'_A25L%(7V4*H
M.%E4-/M&N]
A0! @! $(H[[\POU-FD$E+H9(JI=4:9J93ZB
0C5!.J4U0W

N;&U

M]/0U 21L$;8(6WELM?0%GNN.K5

M;?1


!(8]8*Q=00PKM)25_/LHK&;[)%F-
?-TDV.

?2)



C)5HF





79


M9M^VHGE6I]9X!-YC712Y+D[2
* G

M8?C;
78NR7,4U15G,<=BUBG%['+'?7G01%QFZ(IB2E

LPIRF&)@QS_856/U:]N36V7S&G
%]Z5]:[8T
5UX/W4)G!
M^]Y5[][4R3[

M]#[[3C!;HH9O5;P.DY0\29L\B9NG^O.CVE\






M[1K7GWZS%VF83;+;9!(DOX7C


M?U(_*U+*RX/([^P!) -R-N F!_\$H57HJ21Z.I]GN3.%MC]A2X#PT)!=%M?Z










MYWY\'_*7Y6[\A.2I/Z D]L=4V




MNH NH&LAB\-4=%-8#7CGT077\D*[B8G_B%X3\ 1L%SK6/
7TA&V2$24&8CJ.




?G(_6H
M?


W

ST90!]9X

OJ*K:G*R:VK%W;LE:'GXLHR?BF
M-

CQJ49.0YY3D)29'X\R-[OGWQ0





YP-[7 V5-7)[D!/A*'8GN@F

*HX%I$@+SZ4&.(<P&ZHJ9 S3T



HGKF7[MO*L67S%I#5\M
LQ;!%5^JO%R)V@Z V4!NH
MK19J
Q5#K\@ !K6!VD!MH+:&J


:TV&8W_+?









9^1

Y?(#R?J
(JEBHL:@K

9^3G&9DXC_R2-Q*4_N%;:T;]M2RUDQG

'8[*&A:TKT#(4QQ+7::?KT&J#_52OGWD^4(H













MQ72%28)GF)

MFF!?[ZPP-_FT3QM

SN/RG:/








M@$;1[#L_'ZE'Y7NFJ





GF0I4;P..FU7&WYF)0G=3QY8L$%79E^5W/X8Y.W4P
]O#F.2CI
C\

(W=$#J+[;RRSX*RUR22.XMYA&Y&LLV+CAIA 6-@\9!
MXZ!Q'=,X;-ZAD'V+T[E+L9\)#=3 KFL['X@L8^ @_Y ?Z _T)]NZP\VFCU5

-7;IW:#9;)6L\.$MIB5N3[6E:-K4/;(\.6 -JA



M _V!_D!_.JP_O=B


PL9S8\_345^HHRFF
MX2J&9\(ED@ $O=E0,TP',4R$24 ) )$A(
#JZK..(ZQ@ 2
#J[C!C$F
68


M$!BH*092Q0WN  

M'^@/]$=.^=2L/[.]^G0OM?
D8+FDU[FNFZ*VF;7/4)#8U2$/P&L=^-VAJ0N=
M;^H#= %=C0UP +J +J#KJ76-X%D00!?0)1FZ#K
 V]#QH_.@ZWL8Y=_Q-YIQ
MR_;KS;^SY2:-.Y^/'Y05DS7R8^+Y

MB210\*2XOKJMVHRXNN+J%57K'1:DEYD: 2? 299NU
 4
 5
 5/ 5/LP):F5
M#


QTF



KIJ6?.F;S
M


:&IZHKJ


M(J/E#3
^9W_(N+*PMV%*PIBI5A8F


LD9V+9FH%:P


M!7O:G^(@&=-;__M7/Z=?:9#$01B%/@?-R_



ME)V;^$R\G/:**)]Q&SLX8M]A OG8$PK;UOI?.


M;64'
 *

M:.=^VOF/(GHDFE.JH\G=-:]U=.M


=OEATHY0Z^8\CMF;/0E-6X

:9V6)3UG0

=_FACD=PQW=

R



V6]
_T45RNQ80O
/#U8V)WI


$=Z *&DVHX 9A-JN4OZ9)QDQ:/TT?N0GKCY,BWF6D
M D2[5K1G05
BVE[
97)I3_*_TSD*X(Z7ZF^0%J\:$XH$Q91
M&%-2QFS)
MQO.UH_7%%=BOO
PG_ 
!X:$U48*'
!\1_E/#






OU$_
MHZ].R)Y S

(!^\ /\I
SW70



M_5PA#Z
P&)&1/R ^B7E1GQ\'-.)2GAV9TW1




^7R)BZ'%)[:U5D:2MP].3B_0


6PK0M
%M\O4[Y+
75Y3#TRVLU?C

6?=K3./D9RK<5MYO=DFF)+AU3T.:]*8=]+2^=+E#


M.E%)= OW$;!'2-/NI

O]@NK27G\S2ME157!Z=9@A)I#/-
M5B?26:V^^@
/MUM]]:VZ^9;
MFV770#Y/%^NT8#;9X
LW]Y\+JWB@GN6?$[2


M\G!;%;.W0' @.


M:XJCUS:7O2NL#0!3;(,( :F@*E.8PHK5%W[=HD\I)$VJKOD0!::U^=JFB7



]C1S&\VKH1

M:LG ;

MN




&DL?_R8C/\Q&SL/QS


ZL2&K8EY#







M@ [#.
SI;^$W.O@4YWY\'[+CSK*


7(^
;O!9 /Y.;
M1=DQBQOZ _E /@AW-Q[NOB@R=M$T)2F-RKS9;!1.


%/)-

B/WHGS0X/3$%VNW#O!RBK

7SA
W
VSQ6O _3PY$H)&W@;[::2?HCJ78 EL8P4X R R




MC*;?V'7[\8!
TN1;F/%N. H75A9FY7?R$27#)&+V#$
S.0YC]DE29.R([/W;


 R)_DM&/
M\Q=+HGB^Q



%_]//W9S;%/U





D#)-&I!A&/LQ3_!FBI#E

M%




*5



M*-:3WWDC!F3*!@FA;:U+==!5B(2&D&10C.DVW!URIF7 79Z;EYIID2BV)K
MGF(;PA*3N\(AP(0X5TC+7!V:=6H(ZQW;%3P@76%SNH*(MN?\J*R8K)$K;W:R
[8_;#W29R18I+$A&^Y
M&66<OJTN@_7=KO?H6+VZ]?6_C_-:1H]7D\'4_O1IWC(.Q7SJ]VYY?6%9MCJ




I
.]

LCX(T;5?P7._Y8U?C]



 =H5]#0M;CIBRNP)R\[L)[P#T2I
6V?#P/NQ+VN^60F7! TW**#]R











7&83I87ZQOHU**3ZL76W6@GFKFC'M



F]?SC









MIK/18L(ZX8GR=PP4


M).1SDE/BD2'[%M^8\-_V(S*@N1^R7TX9F-+!E&G#;':Q_U'XC=^*EEUJU\X
M,-Z+U6].J+=,?08T2*F?4:ZQLS'6N?]]SHVEUJQ9@B]I,%N!M2D\R1EZVS*
M?G;&WQE7/W[T'8WI
 S8I90@2?(A2YPBV4DNBFPC(0AM(B9=+VZ8+@ET'
M6QWXQH*O+D=









M3NY&



M;RO



MP?:PH*F8&O9WS3LW)0XES/)M=/5%_8F4G @A[A:;

S6P0:-N$*(W@H(G0
M1#D$!TV$)LHA.&ABGS6QO^D%Y4%7?AJSJ\K(A*:DB
/\0S;R4_H1KIGZ
=H


M&#@

['_%J$96I*)';I'!YM3;-N7'#2 L:!XV#QD'CH''R




5/ 1SY8I$C3#3;UCL]P
4:FFP)C9)]^_\*@D^4928;$
MGTS2Y'LX]G






)%_17.OSYZ/J2:8']+_./



KP*V-1;_+2=D;.ZQMX/NKIN4Z97U/?

_9T!D\24G=R/F/3Y
L
6DOGR.V3+=O*P
=UJ2[0&

D'A\T,Z8IK7HSJ[9XR5:,R_I[2 =U-'<%]4$!QO@'
XW(

+Z84$!H8!K%? ?1?1(-*?4.).[.E^K
[M#HZO


A]UR0^?&'_]/1BZBXDY*5X4D6!
7ZY-Q.(DTBQG\
MJC((3A;

 ?



M[7CS+2DIDVZ3^GRY&FIJ):RI[89R;1PP($&IA$2ZN$=)+;1Q:Z
*ZT-[(2P1
M2
%9@!$N4=5-2:+4*
M?YYWXMRK:!P#!64-%7<)S- X:!PTKBV0YH1%%(JP4DCK%9I7$L<Z57U[GS1

M\ _\ _\MPK]M*JHJS!D/^



MBT??UPAP&[BM!FX3G
$!;@.W@=O ;5)PF]CL%% ;J$UN:CMXYC6(KR/$)S3Q

M45NNJ-W0Q/XV*EAM)%_224J#L$RH)_3[A



((-EI KC
M;#M3MY

OU(DV9B#6MP4K
+$'Q IB

MV.QDY1?F$D]_WABOYW8&/U;)PP8?W?-*DB&9(PSOWX/N1&II]E-
\J:3HF






@N5&;?/@;%P^T!_H#_2GU?K3BW1@

MQU8L35@_/U 

MQ%F7#ZJ\7=D^HFJLPX2N.*HCG)]H9:^,TAGT8#NH, $, %,2(6)+MNZ@ P@
M@V6D0TD)HB!TD:23)/5S2OCS&5%_0)9$N#LNV4%9,5DC3:3'Z

M5]\MG

MT1'
V8IF51_% N: .6!NCCE-
9SJXS; '&+*@.26D#0=%8!L.R#;B[B6A%A?

_X.'8






PPE




HDZ
MZ*%''C01F@A-E$&(T
26:V*%6112R1B*VG)%[88F]K?

M([E+_7B 7K4UX;5Y6#8N'^@/] ?ZTVK]Z446
-0+]-0W5W!5E:$W?X9Q_/A[
M
IEN-YM4MXISU ^3D[CPWR:=$M\&2&QU@JX9BJ:C V(/' 7=6]+ 
:W@&
WE


MU-5N.+

1;
MN+'@QI)G%]$-8

MM-G!I3*&




X5:^?V%UPMWLI1[LZ A 8US

*YN]77
EM.*89^4P?R-=D[

IG

M

MI#MA/
:W5N5-?



P[]]]HJ-IGA:IJ&S*0U]+6F([=:B



M-

J]'0^X3INE+NAWSGZR.;37WU!!(M]/U)$JR
M3)KU1

+59&FZTV-FPDC\R0E


<1^'_331_KQ0#]K]D'[=)6<$=1:


M\A]+JBQ=FUF6!.$L@SAGZT^6S\W\
E]O1*
!N7LL3_DY29GU?#:F*8





M9AM*:-;U 59?\0I_O_@S
5? Z$6=D_9BE12V*7EUY4SP]V$\O4B_R)/Y!]
R
1/
OIQ_F*)EE9O?)X706MEA[CM
M=R[3*S3



3VLHIQ%4Y
;\L


@!?@!7A)*_M4^@K@QK@!7@!
M7H!73^'5]VCA=9(.:8AX84/#H<44?'1V[[Q!5ETA(6 *F *F@EIM\=5XPN8



\5HF)?
M&=:2)M:29PRO.*


WZ^XCMMP3#/RF3Z0K\G8CW\DZRYIE7?O(1SD(V8$;K%FO(3


EDDB;?PS%[Q-&C

]9/]9?H8^=-=



TV72*IMC[;+5A)XT2!@1*(N9)OLS]^6?:)UINS


M?

].XMFVY*0^


MHL.&BMF+?9Q]
%Q_6X8[.3_G#U]]/YO$4CH^TEZJQ










MV\6DULG-=Y7NC+07?;??LG;DFR\P?2J^;C[$^;2C!#8V_-<=)%!?)E=1B&==
M8WKQRP237-XM\+]X!"*MSDO<#GL75R]:W<'5^U^^_WP8_]#NV/.URV/@YW
L[&MWNR_<6.X?=E^<

4


^J_N^@
WUV

C$7
*+J-0:6RE7WE

WPU=2YG$F_JH





MJY#P9$F;1+$S3^

E#@AD$S-P)G$T
MH_=]D
T[?YR628&C] '7]
UF



M89IHI4G=RN@V%G-@+Y7=7:.O13+\
9\N%%VII%=;*\A[K(6F+W:AJAN1!S.%



MFX8=B#0$W
B&G3

M
5=^:7CN?$KR.2=3^?!:9&0BM

+SP''5?)^1:RU^9I*I9UE0]&9!
M%$)% *+XEZ8J?E.=?

I82):R
MD0#=DT W Z.81XF 3F@
6!_( [L 1W


MS\KU6Y;C /C6KNYZLSS4[ I'
QKU8?FBGSDDU@+\LYJ$I?:-50OC#*
MS9FCL%_\$#PNP 1]I1AZ7Z!&S=.P?* [T!7 J-Y4BI*:Q46O:F7\)@U3A6JP
MK*&S5\Z=2S 5


QJ

M%YHKS
QQS''


&(T&'D=OO62H0R.IR&<<!;DNNEJ9*4^9QXZ%XO']GB



M_V7V8G@ZM6#PT5?+VO'9])HDRC_*4;7/H!]V=DZ+4]F@JQ&\U NL&5].%E^Z

L$^[DL
BPRK$9V



G0R=IP*=7
:
@?5APEH\
MV


M43LI.E:S6H+UEOP:

V5R.:TCL^.AK



M

9V1C9]H%L5D]R
+(QLC&R
;+5 MFLGE)A

M8SQ(42L:
Z




-AM:.1K'D


/XWFGY
X+
;LQ?!T:N'CG=[:(%7BR!^8.;23
M0U%U.;QY\1Q*Y2]U.NZ(K^




MT*U&@EHOV.-@

]EZ6/I8^7&)0U?F$+VJ9(P9M+'*&]L

8@#
MK QM#&W[@+9.S^VT!@QM#&T
;0QM1P5M([?3L5V7F)&-D:VFR/;BFJN


M=K
(



M!MY$X7U'%AD6F2:)3'-EHNG[CK9$Z#=?B7\HYVKJS^MV='6T\Z.KQQ'
ZKKM

L$RP3+!
L%^*XL
BPRKD5TXFT]S




MB8P/SR

M]O?^.)F^;3V%
ZI


MT4J_3&X8#!D

MJ(#_DZE('!^PSDL
)N*[?NCA 6CZ$61#W$J$%B!$J'PPO-525]BW2-)8NL[]



'VC


].6MH9V+015C
M5(/!2B0D^Y



K/ZNW1SUHS^7/'N3RX@A]9I0(N

GM%/F;IV/[
V
E?;RG&L^GY?KJ\'#I3BV


+I

L@R
[Y1FFB

G/


 P





M

GOY^
MU%R#!:5K[;XG%A06E&

MYP_I.M:!&#_9)L#NCRN^;
)M]Z)W86O2^SQA:/V$'\?X#DH?EOX#2/]P.&39




OCU3RRY:]=V+KK7MI$=)
MM@?N.3R8

6O5&K1=?Z\N8U@1
LWCN


5\Q7S%?

8''X^SMO#S$<TAUL'R^7ML=VHN?LXH^/8@]*G'8


M(5M3S#_



J:=2_4Y7XDX6=B2[-8I;/0II9

31=QD[$XF_W$1AJLS#T )P





8A2LR
MB#:38U]D.@W790ZK ZRK(L_'W$S@X+%_ZR?F;S4'BD:QFOISH/''9Z/D/2X^
ML&.\$QW5L:L
G66F1FYF.<[EJO4%%A[(UPQICQV]
M6#D\C


M_1J(T+3S!$]IV!F.WK7Z@XN+BP^C]Q];_=:'#]I3&K8&'RXNC]]3^@#PFBS.
MB+).F;3- 4Y4'#AR$2Z

-?E/
Z^]1I_?+Q\OI=_K']RYOU;5Q%8[(T



?##8A)E 031X[/SY(+K3
MI7[6AN0A1OM4

M*0;)^UV$XE;;6KZJ1#-FXKO
S1HM?$*I=&8LGV0JP+*:3*0)*
6TJX3N]RR'

MOE




M.=%6B8%\ ::].C:$8-ISBA!U@.=FQY!C+-AD$(%/?AJ@P'K'J'L:@LY@7H
M0&R' N E^;#)4 (Q3I

)+D.
H7C25?D71@
4NPM!= NHY'OTX!AC


$'35CD^.I(/PQBN&KT+GW8;06SC?RBX)TI6^!H6

B-(_
5/WLJE7O+%LYQ!TU'_
WB$Q*YC8(6U]
M:L4/)O=9 :_&EGD-MJ!ZDSF?FSW@DJ5G0H&QG()!@[&Z2E
(_F;OP3#J/Q1U



XC$WP



 *%!H X!B
SBK.#


-M&D
M#:.




MONG
#
T


$VKD=?L-#04:L@GY[

M+X9


0TL1^HJ6R;5=UUQYP!]ODBNO-<W?4)QUG&[B-D=:(;&)K^



MYGAC=

M1-=2H&&%)$ 9P=+C*I0FFUW35D?H 998@_A9E4$01X4K;@DWVR.[EYSY88G@








M6X4W-JU&;8HEU+(BQTL.IC6R5

&.*%E%N,,$&=/<^I9O+R^@#?3W6X!NS@3Q A9%
M
UA1=J5

Y[



9S+4[BPAFR+MOI3Q
CUIJK(M;9;(JTICD7%0 )B3FTY





+
MHITT*!X)]CW'Y;:6\LK0=HRVUWJ6LGKK_$DC3XTLA7VYA^MVD0[A+-:(]
U%
MLN
QPEJCW5=_.&FH.R9$^_69YZ38V&)CZ[$
_G[+NDW.Z?OUU?VU\00Y??_0


)_6^6#XLPVZZ+MHBPR!L)02

M-
)
M2%;OHLW30/ Z99F8J\@Q7V4L;S C05QJL^F$]&5#RTM^!M[ZK(/DE-(D9
MIEG^1Q_#SE?%E$UWT34-Q=# ]7TC=+MZ'3QN7\GS_+W9S*91N
&W3;^J9I/
MO2.\Z9Y?[!UO] &CIR#

MTA\?@'V 6QXM3%HK4

4CUU+F?@/GFX
MBG





$'
# 2Y\
:#JB&2^RHJ3_/$@67QP#*+:]M8.ID-([1/)#8<JNV.0S6%&%F6ZN
M^0MSB==Q670?ZA3%8O&(?827)9:FIBY:6ET$]BWJJP
EG12E:%G8%GA6
P9
M!@


M@F=R06\D9:-CE0C

\




GZ9C5_C5J(+
+EI8-$<:['ZE*X' 8;0
M!# 2,4_7Y\(^5O#5-F#!PI%G/MP?ER!AO@.39L W#:5N8
QG?#(P


MV29GZFM RSY1[:?I:!,MSXT7[V;X?DD1SH&6'@3*\DX_@QE1!:0780Q'EZ;
M(J*AIO&-D')'M5%/2G

M3:DM?_+D5&



]T;?\GDCC^HX\!
M=:3


M ;F50@*B=&M4&NKWBW


/4;4?5]\6
M@E
L1J^W$HO[8= 2Q.-3=$V7/C5SGO56O9&M2E
ZZ(1[6?[$%Z5[^&@WM7SU


M^JDL:

M]Y#V='*8.YGQZG0:C'P9WY2.I2M;2U]1*I8[]Z[C6_+E.:H\&PV'0X//]D
M5


GAU6YT

M
6\O





MT)A@4(QISU[I1

M70B
8W*R\0KS#-+T



M@PG=((FW)M52EC=P3;MT0_9-'B@F0NM?O*GTC$81F:

M-8T67LK5N1%FPZR4M .#69AL+=KD3D/


M)/L@



CM'J8GSS:
MDE1UUFYJ N5QBE
M-PGNNV7&('

MFPBLW?#2=5Y_+3:KGGS#3H/R 6N'!=;EO_X79QSD.I=3NZVEW6GMG':UX:A=

M0QWWK.IAE.IKDJ+))+O;);])AL


MQ^

LG4-J/
G$I]


2]&0=!:D3)Y@+3L7CQ



_9;&#JR

X0/








&$2S\

MH [T_EZ;!0].2IM1H4K1:LFH;F /)BM!NAPU$T$  #R;(P3#2D5IG%M.^2)F

MHX 58C )06)F1+09&*@BTVFX+G-8'6!=%8%!%VCSSK]%XXC^5G.@:!2CY0DT




X^

7Y

M;D2+\$R



FT_2?5$DJF@
MX+RXU3)Y \:

TQ?L(F'K1(

#4$


OK&9_N.GJ




Z%\NQV(=CIW6H7K<]K-9.X&M#K.-%2N8X






MC.);$?K_

M.AR4[_=Z^PF7C7IVV:BAE;)1O5:C2P]U&CUZGCQ/O@&3;TA5F69M6S%]2L-M



MPDUGX8
4A:M?\L&R1U 9P6!I;^$
O[#@

MX7I!S''


-:--O1AJ&TD\

5&RZAUN=Q([#KPUD][
M8ZG=%SMY&24Z0[=S8:VJY8X7_4 9- PQ##$




A2UC I.^9 P6D*85;M
MN]VQ%ZQZA#XG[3(_
9+7.FY?NCA(LN(^ETO&3J-@C!7IFQ%%/1'TV]GE
ON$


M/DMLHW:V3T)D3SQU^'UQ!00G#^\ K3B[BOF'^8?YA_FG5O3AG3)FKUW1Y^B2

*XT=52ESYCCF..8XYCCCIGCV'!FAK0=HST1


N^6V
M6&Y9;EEN&R2W;;?=&;JCKKU4 );;FLHMN_LG(]8'*





3[

M;#@G\A8Y

RKGX2XGOJF^V]2
MJ;?.7. T_;E(

M
PO;J0K;P.VU6VZ+A8V%C85MU\+6=MN=H3OJMEG86-A.0]AX^YS=WZ='7UJ'
M\(LK0QA 8_2 'X+P)F_/\ M;7+=Q@]V+9K

MP])UK-)5SQ#\8.1VNT.WW^-(/

M%

U\Q7S%?'9Q6S%?
5T? 5W8K_M:'DIS/





M5Q





M]Z8KH\7IR!\H4=A
!&
 !%;RW'$NG3L1I )!Q1%!$-W#* &8 4@4^CB^FF+.

MVYM/P
G0.0P@?51


4VF@ 4@S'$:H.R[R.KW$J1:Y







MB1^3N1RF1!'BDMW(P^!\8%

U8X621@$+S H2/B8^B@;QA/$8T








63I=1)8KH]&\
MW(BZ
O8'O4%NS]S$2^F;K\;P*\$

=8H


$N1M?*1\:D6$&V;/%$,AH48 &MEAI+
MPGG%$O+SR 88/
A_6=19J0R^BSTU0N1
NN!SF:(F;EGP;!;

M@ N7A5
P;.=X:4S1NMR[\O2042F5S



M




M
3!P^!QB?





HT<[&D$
M=#R:CH7Y) ^+5DL$X]_*P1/BJ%-UT90


_M!W[]L]%Q8]?8'YULY^T5TJN1K
MP1M?O2B5DNG)BN^_MC7R*$E.BQ)

M*! )#=7?T)?/+=%1K_

M$

G-EM:29?#B





M%E(V=X_FOA22\S4S=9-V40T!]OT:S.QP-,7I9U@VC\CTY-60.4K@(([0Z!



MZ632\K;IH[$8;5\8BMYLL!;.'XNLPI#6!%9581$\N
NZ

MUA@O#G(2*MN7W*S=BXPZ@]\5-;^
+5^7]H_6Z/:25G6+QK54YN&&-5M1ZU0E




.:K]V

(V%-M/Z7F'






::Z*;L0-F
=OJ:OGRE#


5\

.S9.)&=_Y(QQ)D




[NH1MBF!N&L6H





MCFF4&PSO#MK6&N5.;DK _]=XND7VW/I6R/_T;9.Z$[
NG9S0MI\_;.6M/?ZO

M

X5*-M/
M0'NX%-J9@Q;UF=Q7X#R)V.8
]&:9.[$









M.F;R#^;.6+H2G:S

?
MHPO8'T=]5]+
G:10POX244D9&NHM):X19BT'_@\W8/;W
-2J97I4D&+!YOVX
M)D4&J^UHZMT!C

_WCL!R2K[BCLM
9=@*@CSY4CS[@G)IVO8
M@4
O&



C Q-C$R

VEN_]%1R_)/U@

S+LMCV4F_]8%(2

M_ ZL(%L#&YX=+#E??ST^!JNU:/+&



&.XD)&\.DM)J(WR
M44

93_\S!&T(P-

9DD-/1Z'0PJF 0

'/;]Y$ B\DP)Z/1R6!8R3 ^MG[9Y4\/

MC5

_3ZT0GH6
0CVZ<=0Q^TLXZ$B;HWVSCW&-B@&%L\@SI
X(O]0R0

S$QMBY()@C




E&
R@IP63ZRO5TXNP=4
M2+6$' D^-V2D-
Y2BPVK6\SZ



MS/$17EP05K=25(##F(
-OVAS

D:LX1?M0*.W3D^#




M4XUMT;]$Z^UXBH%0J6ODBEU572/I %9(=N\(.OL\J3MUH/
@_J7(5@N40GGC

M[U&
[+U'8\

Y$)L:C=NC

KQM%*;O_Q-ZF/5X1R])?B_.I5


M7&G'S%4C

M/.;H=:*)7D7VZ5\H^U\/4 ZI^Y8X@1#M.&]WXWL]U
N'&Q]#SG[ #J8#8J*UK4RWUA=S*O]$7C-LL


MAX






MCIA@T HYM !/WOTNW!%8$:.6XG3OCQ6
_\3@W'-OT3/T+Y':S.'
K7%1ZG4_


/5


M]$/&!'




MVX$S?;]NK#MA&^#*SS)



MG 5&?XD Z
A%KCD40@TSD6)1B_96+3
L!.XGK\0A-LF^XNHDR392&ADA52


MJCS^ ? H016A2FZ? PN8%*XI@D;B]G7/I(-W]!7+FMA8KX[$)G =-W_^CE

M2D/[YEGI6J2U6Y)
'O^A(HI4EZT 8GO25=FQ4855_V+[.L)%$%T2[AO #I %



.UOK& 42DG H-FPN]I1I]H*'.R$E:-/
M5KHJ#7<E72S-? ZEA\7?-Y=% +E.*$*1BQ0
7MTH..)9H+5P&F#+Y:+474I




^!3N2CU_15VP*O[R/YN _E(X L?





2GHN-Y3-H!
M2MITSZ\+OG\=W$][M5J[1!4$_*RYN!=Z E:WL-A/S[@D9_8-P/=6;90)G)P


M;Y8.F;FGW1L4ID(=

O8
M D%WU?'X0MJIHPF#JI#KIPZZB;A.93KZ1EAU]W4A1YX?DMP0L.Z4I:Y(Y@
MVS_3F!.K0M/=9S6JR#J3J[?)*F'B

MR5JB8



MH&WE2N^NZ]I4_P::_ATRKNZ3D+LSY!R*$_GHZE4DJ8A)Z3+JB'IY;MFH&ZQT

?;!.+M--OR.

9P]#8C5I66




_Q]44)[
Y^IP?W2===2?F@)WS1
C;61*N^$N
C]4

M !4   !B971R+3(P
38Q
C
_/J?


MVV]?OW[]VS=7C_\VK3_^1C%FO]VWVOI%_ANZ^PSE?T*$(D;^]FT6?OT%9CB9



MZW_\RR^_W


?W]5Q?G-2! )*&W\__7[2WFWS_'O_\Z
M&\%P
._?NB;L




HI?


T(G)/

+KG4__'Z]N_M9MEBY'*








B(+F@ATV6X;/



1?6V=
MC+=COQC?[CCX^^KS3'/+\C.W(\9O\PA[//0[YL:5NQ\Z#WPW]'CJ?T!W-=RR
M]D^R


M=7'\]U]A]&IOFTI(Y5*P2FK



MF
&

M#S!5%Z)'U GB# R!GX\F[!GR9]X5:83\ZGD\7L 


K7\T^Q
M?O_)3@Z/:33JI-(R<LF\18E;#9N&:L0HUD@+PX0*X+7'%D$.\]Q9J\02['3




M&=CN 8
]ZR/2'DRB$(DE7 []^*L89YX6^%)




M6EX
=LL



/QK*]AGJ(@Y$OZPK\;37%2M+0*4




7



%'JHH7!


MDR8@:IA V!*#K((%D8+1P!SS7#5:@8%E#I;CROWA[2$LVG

M:DVU12P)C)@B&CD2&
*&TQ3


ML2NG

HUBXP=?;_%EW3_=K]SSWT=VTR^V9^Q$K







MRSAQY7P+7?'GR55X+JOW'+7%7V=
3W(7_HKR#6/Y?H[M]/.?


TS
20??\:LWB]I_LK.X]LFI
@S;)'73BAO E%N\.=@Q;AG.@#X2YFVAT_N7<S?
M]<6Y3WJODL]OE6&!

MG7J]F_J^&HT&=TL;M[%W:\]O7U=&E4YRF/Q]DP7*7B3#Z^C(#+R=7O(W)^
MF


MK16RP^

R^0UB.O3
A6%Q71ML


.
#:?%.1YDR 
-BNA;0
M#HSIWG^*-9BE\YV'U@?W53EMHK(YRTP$ F8NL4A$PI#2!&/A5?0R'L]R96[6

&
]5/-27@WG_H_/DW'P
:SVZ=8

1PD(+:VJ814+@6;


BTIB#O
@

MC(XXH12 I81$]H6F;^
XV_=O;-U
=6QO5&&E
.4:(Q]H1#X&$(Q2440P35A)

M$PR #CUBT3$G= -3L8#7HX=X&AR+;VY1X92H2 $\








M

6#?YBS8Y;H#JI2





B&%^(:\]0L#0@$00U7$?'U0E+V]P2V2 ]


MB=0BEZ D4QRUHH^%6D^8E;[/\%!/&I1W\UL-FYI5(+BUXLDB+@!/H7+=19
O



'6-4BB-*/AXY'&G?:J5;X%%.E__XIA3PX-4W/U[DHZ
&

;)T]DS(T
MTOS]()+=:Y@&6&!?1K &Y]\_S'*F[GV-FC
_'WU9QKAWX-&\D\HH85FR#JG$


=_6B)W X^6/^L

K\AB7\S^($OF&+!(4R#G(A-FB)6[$8^LVTGH_^N23S


MY.)3_O'%Y/9IG-=I2Y.[7+3O9 ?3%:*@LI)A'[Q EJH$CBX/B&-MD$\BPE;U


MG- &GCVVJXJJ*R4
)4I?RZL+0:ZP4/SLDI^KBPM]=G9]/./I




A\G4C&2-!
]M6 C-,P#9$
MT5(8/:A<850()(.T*6$O /06G/13!=_[0//$4NGA@:2'&Y:'Z=-O53* B4Q


MTS

T6^9)//FZ_KRVY2W+M:UN%Q!0+1N3*
M%@$)82UB%!QS+03CW$9LV^1)G#3'O?4R/[TAW#F8I?7@ZW0YRB!-PBYYM.'K
M:OE
GX#)V.!#KC5GT3+
++AS

WXQU

MQB


MEZY2BG[^.EU]\\N\][= [^O)YIC8#J8ZI)O*@'_)N4E(TB21(HX 850CK[#6






M3ZQ*+;9\H:/HKE:]/3C%[81529U&5L+=MR /B;8D'T0X1I#6) WC5R5GFK

M

QD#T6;@937) %Q#Y



W*%EJ

M'BM81)AD+A@CA&E1?ZJ



M$E]

LV\MV!:\C;U
M@HJ(HN.7\


5 <)]SF
M-?EGYBB4AO(42F7OO/Y/M/7[K].N.&[57952$D($ABB-^<)P-(@(JU!2!H1

1@ZW$?
M7(M4UC(GE*?CL2



M?;!/OR 6U&:;)'TY_5:/OBRS;U;C9X/S+JG@Y..?(#5HZI=#7TWFH_GW%Y
T


3HUO*



.B2





MQK#IIC3R


M)VN$I
MY&=A6CA@9:)(1614US 6RM5PQ?/GQ^7T87_NUM]-.)'XU'J[L]IXVF;* /

MOBSN%D#9]Q\^/ABF@WJO=)0N$FD0-M8@ 4XD4L2YI3L HC

M
ATW*6T59/9;5;(.Q^);--M9;F2W@!:@:6 ? *!CX.0
1QLH$F;=G@$X\'


MK\ ZQ3FHPT0

6K^5^.IOX]F'HSZ_.O

LG/

(;=K511CF+(L?2@L%%A6D14F3
M-CUP*7LLT$-BS

62%

AH%Q#F
M4A#B4Z1MC($RN=4#8M



MH)EFP.SXKB#--IW6V0 5DS@Y  
QF]].I12PCLG?.E*P 








M$D;J$+Z3764Z+-2[J5DEHN9!:I(?SL)(&.519%@B;TGB1B6*X[.Y-=!#-+0C
MS$X@:-8(?J2F=S^MT_BLH%&O55P9T-D8)H3
P&@B360+LV3@FF110M;*D3

*T12Y8V0!O(6[L%]Y3I



U;9XZ@5=8HEGD_
M?
P8^X1UQS^RI(4&A/#

M&

MU
JNF:53
MP,J;$J5B#7=AZDT'!V5'/;5%LS5@O]OV=6LDCHJSSQ!QNF -$\1

MI$@H!F]\H








2$(9*O%2PO0\60'P/R4IG$'96/G[8?
MW@78?GFD-6#%(DS;/



!R\HM'R:C%DDO




M9Y1I:?!+Q2BVS.3)%

N9(J;9

MWWU3JV7GE0G.

N30#XH9LU!
M.[#./B\+GOT^G7P!I_X.Y7^



6

+SJ_MJ/X?.U[$UY.W




MD_5=LEC]9K(D7B73W[[/5E]_^X]ILOSKMYLLO?OM/]+LK]FW^(\_MIU^V_PP


5W^

W3OF;)S=]__Y*LL@ 69!!MH?J?
MAWNL?MXG?_]].0NOQ]:7M@-EG%LWF-\3WKV/$P/\5?YG50?-JOY4'^UWJV

7M^2



^+;\DR6
H?PC^SV61C


(Z]JP\PJID2E3JW.MQ_I.GT^VP^5XOIV\4J









KE9S]\%



M6

O-I_KOTWFZ3*9_OWW5:#QPR^#61DHZ^:;V\+A2]WZ=L_0]4V\_++!9[W\
MXS:.[W.%LS?)?+4L?K-9F!]I?O?KJ+RD_#'L&^-LEJH?LWUD/MH^
@I( [@7

MWJ?O0WTBBZRTFM#PT3B)@1

M
0P3GL@S7B(
1(#U9)(LEVGVYQ
S=Y_:G[:

MLO=9ZGLTW5PWS[7=).^=+PSFA_?OUAGV:.(V#W:/M@G(E C&RPFCH05$'N'
M WH;&254.KQZ+UE
[!M:$ZK_Z5#)?]-














?6MQM;#WSIE57L0C62__5B@FY-

MD9?($0PP=2:L(YY#(

MY6=&@')

.PQ-C;


ML[@LRE=(HQ:/(]DVU7V3Z2[^;MOR47;0\W8UK;\^4MQ!:H 7TC '.(




MM[.R;V^.C:.CBC&%N7I1PG34D(!O\./B6'K
&%@LLX 1P_YB.9C

MB)#2$$ LN) 00I!^-%RQB7F'I1G\WHESTA;!?RRYS(Y'[F[3+-T;0*$9

P$6*5E













MZNW%1-




M
!6:!#1R$ SEKL !6-0@E/&56 W=@3D4CV,_WU\=[I8SYE/BIS7!H6- 1(
M


RWYP!




MI[W4$9+CX%(^^)-K5]5'1!AY@E3 %A
OD/96PF+GZH C9-SF4?N*/HM)C7'\

0$
0+%!TKE2

P


 DGJ(
2%





:X?6Z.3)*XWU\U!B&$O](%DD6S]5B
MJJ9W007+U38;A/MQ'Y!
3OH
*_6///
($2 0])A)#3$3#[80MVY\&X&6=/D\

60F

[S7TM(7L



)E!_E4_Z0?$L6Z_ %% <W'V?A
M@W@DJ0URJLEJ'1_+2=SZNR(0E(,\ D)212G7)MBQ!:90Z/HERH<I1- BWL%
M=EQD=7&VFUNEU?9N[]Z86SY[\R4KD_.B#
(0=0HSR4\6$Z#RH3=UA*A%T
M2]W.\1UZF0X&Z(=DDLR^;6)2?3S+_AG/UV?N%HX]*5),:DPEP8 S;S301+,



-X)GR;LZ&M?9+-AC\_GNR+WX!/(S\LEJ4]W
)M/U=JI3=WG)C3
/
MF6N_)]( (.AY0) QCS@V !83:_B%:Y#Z_N(=];VAVA=#BP_H2#K$_TAFMU^#

MEWR/(#[0K:^*/
76=3O;)]
RGL6:_N=U/^\O
B7D_SFP2OL6Z/\\Y0@418
U&[Q$,T1

DQ%F?6E1!Y5N\)Z'T( ?^[+85^R.


/VU:)B3@!8IU9N(V22G<W7J[.O


 9'C-BY:U&DUMC1&[M=@S2A-D3&3I:T#V/T#

MD



UN9G%Y$;P87KQXO&R&OZWODJG)U\[%:MOR46*=T/CMXEOX



@N*0
M3GC0H/#H
 EKQT#X=B&_3.H7(O='\_*-$05




M/9A

MQZVSL


MK^1^NH:

MHJ$L1A9[,(&V6'&%&2NW'X[0$?H4F@1[[0M7%Y#DH(\+4,PL!U
MVN765)Y)K)!88]B@9/0@Y]MU3\U:QFF$%\9[35* %77<.2 $<CEB:9$L7=S
M/#8HX=J2%;UBN((.==:D@+-C=4D?'&82,P0!A07G!(V_IWVP:J9M
]G\[%






&7ML#J=^@
M:V=$+BZE''@&#-98\W**\@W<CGT&L;6AP$:X]+7VGF.^ADV&#J/XJZ6=8_&X
MB$/%PV;+.Z$H)UX0+FB!C$:B_JG+4 E$N]]'UL1N0(ON.DM]FMW%;_-$!G=Q
M54*=^:1(0$:5(4H2'+XQJ TZ&%FE/6O? R5GK

MOA]P).Y&TL$+W\=9'CWX+7F-2?6@IIYX+XE4@$@&*0D


KG 7_EGE:1@TA9[ZRUQCC$C<&6%^)J
MP?O
5M6QC[*J7M.VP#K/



MM;HK?F/
N\(H09I(F3A7?



0JJW1C_=A

MR@@29.U%?
?O:@?$= M7*Q3(9I

M'DI4N\4Z^$?=HGH;@-.W.=9G/EJ.,:&:N (QEH91* H[1K3X[&
/EHZX;%


76$J87XRJ39IA
M
N'6)4U+^/04YA^H'39(&T_[8EH6OYS



]C+-3[:7M



*
*)9]J24AXF
MS0BC05O0S7-M-\*D+QU?K[_






<!
M1
VT?8[GZSR
7HL7 WAN@8(


M/

O+VX9;
A_


M2$)$ 14H+#M 



#[];W^5'[/'\

8+%
IWG^;:2Z6.U#_CFZS@+





L!R%+ON8&T;?D[6*2WAU.3G+V
R(L7%CPO.7* 6P0D5 _F$C*

M)T48*\&!]Y(IR1BC%%I3X*&][76_4-%MU-ZI8;=@];MW^!PT



M=^_
=ADS\?+KXU[+W%]VATMO2%B!BODI5?8&1,  UH5NSI'.:_OJF*7SK-A
M$.YU8=J6];3K+R@UTDV2Z?;=?5]\GWSI^




3=O

M['RU[^D764_Y$Q-;OUK2I PN\NH8?QA;]! [Q?KR.TN-J*?RE:;D3E-SS3






]4^Z79A[8M^A^)5
M\Y/G


M'Z[
5-

M^#XK=33)(E!9KY7R1)T'2F]V:ZM9@3@$E#-%C;#..



24V8YD4AIAZPTLI3'65D_VG^ /%%UM=P
D[YT
MK-?+8.\N'Y\G+#I#O2(G($*J(1\!8&HUE3H0KYD
*T1YT/8=6U \N0:M]6


:Z_)L=&N3&\7&J-;;N!M
P/V[TE% :
M-D@J7*\&M6_;]_9!K(#753:=IR'5+_;#N&\ $39
#:&.642X@=)N:SO!NAL
MT]BQ%AOAT]=$_RY=W*Z2[



MV-&
M8C<
4_QL$2\F 1:3+E=+M9C:V7*2KA=G






MT50RC)Q7!@&NOQ=T'-MSG:6XZQ'SHY3;7]?O\(\.8[PR#%9HBSA8]GV29M
HWTC8B3(\1KP*FD5 EH
MT
-
:QI4.NZLG$;/Q&D3O[XX\S*'7XG.K@Y(A8.(Z@^)




MJ@?;P--+B4_A:SIW+3KXE(@3PA!#FXAKZ 




AN2_I



MGS

+<-7CQ]E%CQ1'4RA/LE28VH!O

]:1D JBO)TM9#S!!E
M%LG2]@)RA+?L6M?4RQ#U!@CUI_%5DB7+U4EU/S2+B0N0$$L
HHP@YV5Y:[-


6(B[
##
M9T*A











/N






(8PC@!YP%O5]:O 2
M?*CC0;;WVWM/:\&?9-_+ZO&.2


W6//V[/+<;NWM_22]W&V




M=IT.H\L#=^'&HLJ65)B7CIJM\HG%)\G'57)OT^^+3Z'+\FLZGQZ\ U6Y;^08

A5VE


E)J










]#

MBATQ

MF^)H1_EPH$_$5)YUGC.&


1IFO;A.LEDZG4VNXY]WQU/?'NT7

M3'
5_+S.DOM'8PSCGH2?X]LDO7$_\DK9)EY^]?/T^Z'SQZ;/C8QRP2YWA@-D






$Z






MZ+2AJ^/Y0R(##6


M(#E04$*LH2@ L9 T.*H\FQR-L]U45N[S?.
M(-.7H54




I?*ZM8

MH=0KR!A5A70*2#3N-;Z9PJH5$:J'T&OCP2A7]C&H?Z!5O5$-*:.9P50YHC85

M-
)


]G)Q#]C6/-#7::*6-
8Y0

6T

2
&6F)*^3^N\LO_V73Y^7X:KY+0


MSI#J/^E?.MPIRE.0&R4!X3S\$W*(



M#IJ+9A&T89=L'9




MMUH+R7WNT'4&%B
&

H.D

J]


M&

!-5! !9D@FN.#3%J)'B%Z@]?X[:&/%SM
'PQ^L7MK





MMRW:?I_O&*.@Y$55.=
Z*(T!!:[HC$CDF




E2A/KX3!(IL_%7^WT^?BYPKOJ2M*'
M@Y\21BJ*K6LV(17$R\]9




=!]X-Z;53BU


=F]-.C

M

2Q-\Q784J0V&:G!)IG'C47R9+G?KI\@/V;NL
AG*69.F/&3L-4=_O]9OVS

MWEUH3B0:$MR)B-250'7

+XXR9^)$@9J*
/\(

SEF=E:






M

&+./SRV5L^_WL]A!5:?Z7PV'J(& 4.62.8P9Z0




M^(UY8EW^.'X2Z?R-(AR[!:4H'





M#@J

M=5U/P@*%H*
U5W@X%L7[[




-A+JJ03$@+M!&X$
MEZ!55^UY]^EMK?JC?7J[89BL


M;UM-G.S3VPV#9/J

A\QX]3S.D^3W&(S%W/



UR
M]_/C8C=*.D3[7R\P!Y1[9;WDEB/J$=3U59B11L^QC=F(\5O9*636$\$N?RRO

MMA[

96;


PWS0C[Y3$'F*/


M4\Y;*XG#&B&!J\NS6A+

-&GTQF#+&)UV

MHHF'42/@9

A$?%I.?51[O6)F!9K*O9W$YG=%]55M'

M

M$

W6@YF
( H(22
:4.XV8P+C6

MCIOAU!I7F]G
K]XWSA
9@_T&5G!JL:$8A#

M
[?JTVQ=G0=5(
0TD\X!;XR'Q%O7F.$0*\DR=6_
:
K-0:^313C='R(7#X?(






JX
<<*L=:13

NDYQ@%I9(5YM.2ALQ
MJX;'K75SIN%Q-TQ2Z3BFX3$%AFADH2$.0QA




MA%
LMA)A3A@7'#V8!%#$;TCY55.]E&G42X/SGT/MRS=EXV;H
@Q%C<)9@##%D?+ *F3&UJ::Y(?&56O+;.7^9

MOD_/\GG.X(YC+(#A@#B+997'4Q4;I*+.XM&&]VB1




M-8Z5@#ZG4JK


!$!

!%Q@Z

&IC9KMN'QRSB6:0;TBH(#5
MB 4K&4',?%C(0(TL$A3/JM16:Y:D*%P4!^S?U!T.X2RMFADS=J(KK%=;#Y^
M^J-KR:VG[Q5

(
(]PQ@HCF$0E%2RZJQ3MH58
+26ZU5?KKT5B]PLUGR+K0$
M%^7





M




WA$ LQ_^EYB





HLB)S)

M!5%*$FB0A#;LU!IKA56SA%*?-'FFY6&VOX;6 \



\]5HA3* ]
MXX8S8JC )-@XMI;46)MA2Z8Q%#X -*E)$$0OEU]7YFZS*5=7/S]O%JOMS=X1

;[DD:[;AR#((

MW\I)_&9U^)$JJ_=^TWS^\*_@/X:62$8DLB8@!I89L,LK]I'*.FL0*V2]R[#
M?PR0,U[BL.0A:TBPD2GC!R0*BKE@:Z__[BU6N/]Q]WPRMI_W*V2/R*(.NHQ

9G

 5@R

]]44EW5*QO?%^U=/3/WQ?_;[TQ-XOM]JP'JM.7H(ET=5M/ '8V:E

MX-1JYRA7LG:L.DQ
RM(#_=/-^FER/19JZ1*



E]
M? 70T6R8)






4X]G6U[]U]?UC_]S



A^6I%'K20[UA2\Q


MOG6F-A6*QA 43G^
PT=67GQH[6A.TTG6FV'@2TR7QD?8E2U'7BRHT]AX0WW
M'@OA*RNOO;26B%X_ HSVNWP%&09!KU47+'EES(


M: \=%HH3+6OYO-+Q=O+@R\I(=O(PP2*6GH4I..^?FOJ@+ S=]]+*_6JZOE

M1JO'5SUW05






MW;?U)F!VMG7?:R\4UE.CA1%6


L\YH6?=5VE@6]4+I$/F1Y&9X+




M


M$)W]H*363&GHO$

Z!BH\S2)TA$*O[88!)'YWS:1G&_&5Y
5&29<X=:0+^F <-(
H5MT&)Q C+'9'8*T%0*WMHFO =C/;53A 7

U2
'&L5W;DP3OM

M$ EFT)&FM4I;N7.ZX3'/P[LRCFA%PM8D))-8(D%
+:-#7
W1G=-:;ZU/\7$H

L.]@,%
M5%A!9RA!Q%E)* .\P1M DV'PW\:7F< :[)XT?;RJ0?YSN6F]OAJ@:'53$I*



L*5M\URGQ7]-=!YV6TAZ?[UPC!JJM:G
M@! 2%EDJ$.$U;I2Q^.K2@U?7R-F&Z8/I9%R,NB[O\)5
X4 D ([;H2&E#!;




U
M-16;\.]'TK5@V6NO%8@;@YTPC *JJ9!:
5=C+)F/CUQ-[:$?@T #(#;M
M5Y


HDIKX(\FJG0#X!=(5/&28TT$=




99AW7BAL
16.!69NT

I<B,Z%$[_-(P#K(^T_8PD%.N
MLN,/%QIPAW@!%*H/39:66FDL=9 PX1N=:@86;+[^^S=


T]W2C]@.62DRY5]@@8E@]O2PW9)8.MK9Z:^U7
MB4/I





M=R22Z_0?BYN[O4^SRQQ_\5)AG$=XW]: !_E .#C#!BIB78:!M6/HNR\NJ=V]

28$I]8QC!^P!!8*U3ME8^J3K

M

7A
Z3X=W2[VUKW@=A=)E
F)6#N_41)B& !\VY779TN7]

MJZ5!A
?G)(UFDXZI]U[@I%*UO]L$M.\V954Q8OE7]:?M6;4??ZE@D 


*MJ)H2'6367*.\[T![:[(%
M,X; Z]?@2I8WGOE1ILUCG3&-9OE]OOV\_K[U?KM\K:ROXXZ*4\^7V GA9!&
MA&4TV

MSW-1]

 D4_[#*-\M;L
?'[5!
M.A\J??;E@E$$!-! 


HL5VS.B%UV5S)$N[(#]J3$.)


N1)C*(1V;RHVD
M)\ PR33EEKOF4.U/,3D: $,H)LSJ=S=,$GI1MQ^+'^4J[NR+HEXQG'X_/%


M

X@AX 2QR<TC!8B/*!2XX%(MC*7^]9%X?3X^V+SSW(7_GPX
M.)Y:GX^^5#BA0N$53BL31*'0ZVJUR2A((TO_SM:=/0J_10N&3BJ8GWT11

MA2=6L'J8I)6%;BK'H.ZP=^0^-@E-@-RY@ER*I(?VOLU_


PFH\P(*
M#50C%^ L?O

.
M[M1A4$FE]7?EKM4)Y
B5M%PIJ030 C5G*MBGL<D</*A]L$BE5[?8
MK
*:L_U0;CY]6VQ*O=@NK]3JVBYO[G;EJ0NO
PFV[^]VV]UB556S
MW$MS@AN=OE- 9S2%3F$*,1!2N;#QU5AHV2<^=@XNS#&QFI@W![*_$*4[<XY]
MJ= 28L@#ZE!Z9:TR%-AF'BG:@SMS\&*.BU8.J\[S=!J:XK[8
$
$9*'J24\








M@VBQ'3-ZX779'
G2D
B/&F/:$'O75;.E1E@4KWV@P/L.MSSLP XJQ1!0!M82





M*8R8DYDQ
1$&



SIR-D


F^+HI]:HV/QXD#[-0F4I1&2*6\&NA3Y

K BWA89



M


=EC)



O%@PQS'58$H&4
M0 B&%*K='X9@'*_C)

M_E^.*;W31PJ@M







@FU
M@



MH
]DXG8#8[[IF






MNCG7N*D3)LG*L/1KP\:=E


M(C*\=IE:C?RLI7'FS0)7_1@1D 8K(!#1W*#:4&/(ZO@VU.ELCACM/6?$HBE
M8L73'?6,O?'RX4(X;3P/AI1&7#NHG7U%YA1#^-O6[O'(





M[U?EF6GU_




\S?8^
\9BREL7$R

M9[X3D(J:8



M@0
@F/?5!0P3B'&J! 442JIAK7S!F#)YF+V]=/3R3N,.(3FK?6\3;L)E3W/
MRN%







MP@)8R\
IC4_HG2!UO[5NSJ3N=\-D'JG[2&@)F D;HV#5T8=BSVN9=+!^\SL-

MKHJP:2F1Q/G.!^  .(LH!I 6*T;;YN:GN= [V!]#8)D:3)EP@/^O+Z^VNY
)44B$TPPIK6O;3<MV^M
1@EEP/F!?]HM+9
M-[J!\EYY-
-6(6\@A]QS8:0TO+K;D
;:WD!KSY_+C.&:NV,
ME0(RQ:31CV?_&+4WC4\_#YU&9QT1::VQB^5FMC$_EK=-ILE7'\Z I3'KD<(

M??Z8'\M+\]KCF;3
X"]X0R1+&DE?VFJ&7GFH&F==AZ=XS&TK[-;]?Y?+D7
M_(C6GSZ626^$$QIZP0W42&BDRMV;8JI#Q-*T.6;::KL#-F-I6=U$N?][W\5/
M5Q]6V]GJ^_+;=5Z?=^9HPPP'J: 4E!B %#

MU_\R 



BVEX)X8,Y)2:0UD%4+
MKGLO6DZVYDV,EI-1&][?]L)H'V_JBV!Q;M5YY.M

6GF&MK*(0&^;#[%7*)W6'


;.
&B^A]4) (H#0UIA]VA[


*



?C#H6I_'
&32R@LKV[
M_[
Q.1.S&HGX 
JD&(X


M0!1;QK6A\9SV03[&.E3H'2VS^\!62S_ 34F
_FKJ.


M[M#SF


CEV6-WQ#)D6P]CEW
5.# X $^]^6\DLN

MV-%*E\?. %][/K
606HID%9BWG,OP*,9\IZ31UI%I$P])WQOLOZ;B_ 77M





1%Z









MG[!D^MR+C=55FWOQ-)#^)T/%[SD5$$5
2\.8\%PJ)A#GE4FOPL?T*-9OT/LD
M







M23W2*F
4(@
4

M_XJ?#H?[UC?*@ 4$(\(QUIX(@CSVMI224=#^W&JPNZLA^= ;4*/=L\^NX]GZ

MCP(XVBS%@+!%

W.E.C0U]5G

MT%





QK;9&ZIIF2
M7%N


\]5LO2SJB@J\]GSF
MA#*.
(


M/]0F



MY AYXF.=*7+\WL$'4Z\'G,+?;RFT4Y8G*]NDS3QE7I-*K\(T!ZL[NIC_%[

QHO@_-5
GT^?R[ 5






E-XA
M 4WT67/$\](;#AFA\%F: :=IL1DS.N'UMCER3H;!A-3HR2CX.OOU. FJ[^L\

0=8UU*AHG4'8IQOK$LUCV@-Q4O:F?_UQMD'ECNO2/:0X^X


Q2Z*JX8$JQ&&*?5*88
Z$3YME
M0'P?#M6H$$9MV\P**:!7%DB#)?)


M3:!&M
M=O\80]5A1SN4D=*C]HJ1X6M-%+?9+F_NSW!^Z]K7V2^=KP+\V_*)XQPY]3T9


MN^5FV:1.RNLM
D8IQXKKL*FS%D-HF-6E?-#I#OX0;RR-=3\ 3DF0^'&=UUNF


!.N(QW

M^;C=[M;S'[/-HYO.\]XW\'=K^(XL;&\IAA1XC)1'6A+@JOF



MF$N%EYYJ$GB:OEM$=PW6L:(S6F^7'8G:%&F18AHR?-G=WEXO\_6+GC?(PWFT


V2=*HTT1N\VVN&G#BIJ6&54:

M*F)26B0KRUI2P#KX:[^QK/V=L1O-MS_LQCY=_=;=6D/B8)O
:$4DA)!:3S1C
M
WPF<Z%?&AKM



MA

MSG
B@()0T\KBMCC!ZX'?S



PU*:=?^K67O

%%=) *Q8M

M7&;?7UL\3W])!BB4R&K/-(


'U:6U=7PJFN=L2@K
0II[SR'




M8E60?+V)1\C;NP^;S2ZN?
75ZX52#[G;G/ZFC+F8$I@H0:G10H4%%I9!'@I[




UO??;KZL@S6^-5R'N\Z




9



M_UKNALE8.GYIW


MF=
9
C
M<:,C5J.%,Q0_\_LPT^/(?ZNKX-4_YJMCV5;:?&V3'@#N2/64^F=<XP)YTM<

&P6/5

ME RJX9/
F788IL$?\V.V_IXOOA;Q^CD&K]8&X[1Z7V:0$



K4[QXL.

/A*&N$9WV-)6N?+\7J#S&*W=Y-$


@/(?:8 O#C\L59J*4D;M$G[C+ZCWAI?
0TD@L8@ G$I$^ I5FOK7\]=41DO:4^W(KDB!FX#AZ$ %J.

O3-NBZ**UQ


SHK_1Y]#C2ED.(
?\Y_Y:I=_
MS+?U=WNO/9]9 [GFV%K<2R3PKG&C[*I

M'A))E7
00DJA%

M;\ZJQNJ3LKM_Y+-8]7GQ:?4YC_ED@Q!ZMEEN_EP5WZ+';;0K/ZQN=]OPZZ#%

MS 





M)YG7,:J?K=:O)ZUS@BTW!]/PGT ' H




:*HX5

M[T]EX2V$RK 9CXNCP]9 6ZV- /D$
\KVB'?1%RZM=::+W6IQ':3YN-NN[QW[





M'@


MHM*^.&G)DN=37SK _@]U^T
XR=N;
V;L-$S]G&^VZ^5\FR^^;(OY7W%'L?G\











^KA19U**S1N_DQ


OW$_ \M/5'JO-I]UVLYV%\;'Z_KJ/WHU
M[PV[!M9Q/U^0
:(X0U(&##$T'.J?34,%1WSR'5B^VA28*?=E;7=BY6R8J\,
M%H8P8KT'@M.JFV($3C!V\*QE=QH_]4.SM1FM+J%\:3W9)9RAR6Q&)$PD+U0
MA+''PPV=D G?LVY;SDIM4!N+06%9OT\1.KM^6


M#$:+I




2%OOGZ:D.
Q&N:^F*6:!YR6
MV[NI



1(

98K'6''E)+-*&

0PX


MJ1;B:-3+KP[G+SWH\1!;.F

MC:$^8!V-

D
M%2)

T*
MP)[^DLQJ[060@#A$F638ANU)B0*6



RY[#NV^1L;]7.)I
M!G4$84Q+%/04EBKML6*2E5QDB'Y#9C1=6


$P.8


G*
&3G5U_6BLFQK7C]
P.;\H


(28&UV:O=@!VM[_9:SX
MH13NT'I=\H;CGZ3BD4P@6.6.VH8H093$JY/4T]M*A7S;;(+M8.O??#GB0-

^^7TJ]



.X2K*5QV

M6
II


PKDHG



MHD..N98&&6BU14H#,MDKT^G8T?#T-K3@'T;X9)
8$=M\2Y8#H()PECQ@2
MEO891V=-GAPWV0ZO]\&5),],TJ-(3P[*O876(J*M \8J)!UQC!NE;;G:8]A
MLNF$H;6-== HM/8TA

M1R8UL(&^!E-5AV[\U=.^IWI?!K!!''I-I(
&


W9DXZ 34@HI@MFKG--(E3HZA]DP\/</&.3)Q






#$V
3(S
M

M' P2Z4Q*YE2*5)
IV^I??X-
DIF24LQXDG3=!KJ.'S+WVFM'K+WC_2__X\?]


MVE_L\N(?_[WYGR_K.G-^U/E_KS=?L_OU=;E9[UO;7_?[A__^RR_?OW__ZX\O







M:G


M^?M+J)+SKBNV.5%3D6$*1E1C3K;_/6N_/8+]ZL1C*#Y1:,3P8E.O/+YCJH










MC1M'Z







TTQIO#3YN*






MY*6PSIID55]_W\#2[9M
 N:#U$NC&!&

0\
_JKAV'.NO/*&9
'

^-J%%$N:F
M4R2EH:$)0O64R1*7ROHTRP#N


3W4!A1S!CV0QI$H!_6A0&-Z.I;5GTI+XF5C@69'G4*

C$]$F+MG%!FHHO.04:B!H@71Z&F6-LVUV(VFX_FIVY9VBL
M
!ZY2V#<Z7



^@8H)E)UE1T(EH5I .?L&G173GE[
MFV\RIVJ&


A35MI








3(Q7FK&C0&]2






MZKE10





MXIGP2&!OB!Y;6COGAEW+_=@Y!)$+4Q?':1QCRK!/!]
))%+K(D8
3J%YW]K]
M6_?/SA@


MK5
..20KVX6*LK^F1A7NR)O6N!BYKGB?S<LJTOELXO:<:

M8.H*/9%NQ[+M+%


@L9HV:R34UMM
1T1L34Z6J+=6[:P1OH!U/7N^
ME5

5=3YMKW&\BR(50J\E$#F1PRAV&.
.GD]\=+G=+PL2/_3-
MB0=Y]R8N34@/(P%

W@]MR1R/K*^?+T_!2-RBV;YF
B)GVS
MAD-.#LU'PHI.RC(ZHIW6@K

/;7G7CE1(Y=_)+IYBX]F7_8W_%^V6X!1$GHH

MVN:O:&(6?5':S*_*H9K&6*#/A
K

00A(!#&+$*=W=B-?*F1F+XURZ+UUI)V
X6B/$0S
MP+&8H$U+KYFM&J+


MBC]BRJ;
E

M

M?

M0_O^4L2F.JLGP;5  6DYB

$\6'\IVI?<VY2R<3FL<! B'Y
(
90&KHM1%()A)@%['B]S[]9[+N]B
M.X8T+



KA(_[V+D1#LC=!




.0Z^6;
M
)W/PR7TW3]H/]@[WOZC]_\434FO_/AYFI3)DF4!34NYVK$:
8D*:1DM9YE5

MIOF ]I ^WSG[:KW-G&)]+WG3YY(HG2&G3MD*%I%=3]I5Z[%S=/FG3[07@CE1


MT_.I]:=.JH
3DR50^0;RSY@L%5BPFAA5HS)'$NQ69T__HMM+U5WJOJ+(]5C@
M!B1.$Y^&%. @[7R@041#N;
NR\)N_?3

*GC2TJ
_6:A


L?5




M#&


XNV*J
 F,W]' @V) EOVJO.1^ .'_T4:^\_XY#R.M6Y&P9;1Q
M5?ED48CU]X_;[YFV\==]N'VS,7Y-7XZ^=U-]F./N9__6*$T32-4
JP'\*0



M9S6(6?






MN_'
A7YS8TV0D
#WW2#P



MKNMW.*0'%V8Z_S

(D11$/L0
M)DGLA4'@]G8 A;Z
$

M\(J.$7U0IVX9&J&!_^5E&II


TDVR\9F1$-S3H6X9P


;YXC15A/

M3VH]1


R_HS6$OE=KNH6QD6C6Y<AIHBN,H=2)5M,42AUH*(TK?!$IS
MI$=8;Q087:+JJ+@QJCW*O @=P_@M^WZV7$HB&<0X1@%

BUXON1@1F7:EB$3
MZO!?/H.JQX.H1'RL\OM6B#HKGAN$ /FLX PY$
2NL
4DYLRJ5EGV6];%H@6





]_F=T]2VKOI3B J9J1Z:SG4*2Z'
'
M:

MMA^OM
@

06R&2UL.
M4DZC#! MIE43D:ND60TVY\\-N+\TO+)7O-(Q7JW(UT6Z1F3
'-7+D#.#_I2V
M&J7.2/%C5N7E-M]\7#\UOUW%


23.G2B9VGJU=2'


M
;?*.?L&_)7SY0#_^

.^?#'AQA]

NOZV+;Q.+I8Y4]G.#A&#?-
M&?J[K+QE/S9979-U_37=E=]7!#&4\I(X=CU*/1B[:1SVF)JS[\+73EA'
K6J

MYWWVLV_%]?9MZSB?W_#VV[]M=QM/Q39K&$$C^%$&*7\%\% 1OP0AH);3.8
M'Z7E!'X4DH?!G2%W=Q+R

M3N^D

]9\)B.
M]4(+'N[F3]
Z*U_:GIM=_!OE6#&3<,HA2! .$DX5579SV%L6KYHF5SOO637:\E58-W


?!C!A+$61W 4)LCK+P@(IT;0C:'.*
SV3\=AV2JD?N2F/.NYGN_2E*&0]9?Q XH7S'K

MBMRKY)D19L32C EJ%Y=EC#CU=I(QQYG:212\KO/Z



M


MS5((+;\7)W+MPR@%$/DL0#[Q &-Q


0!S$;CMP3
M% K-9]FQ;#EA]OT1Q/:#*L,*:8D5S//#40?9') JR3-D87%Y@4'F*8BL@2


MO3/!\G(4SH@W9S3-'$LZKR*0\OX^WS?*FF:G.AKY
8D@-RNYU.((NSW3WUZ
MQ*6Q[I,(JG8MJ]NK]Q V T[G-LNDYT&L4^F=W.Q+J=]UV\]@W$ZGLL]6!

\W+B(YMW;UR#N#;





)S'Y
MK.4QZ=B8R&=G^5)+:WK4+SZ[:;HGGN1


M170L9D&%*!G)A&_0II@
=8.P_'RH[:%$2C3#IL;-(0R_OZ'HV:TER \(!'R
MDA 2SP_=F*#!=J Q[%.V.$7F.W]9U0'LBZNJG#\_/CC[\B_:5UFHD*^0Y;A

VJ

[R



(BDYL4T35DNOSYOOF;;Q]WA_:%ZG]^W?3!]W#]6



6I0A&


M3?
L*0OA)8(LJUIK74BHY#A;FO9(HG]33E18$%6(]\6FO#_LLVOTZKHA+R\+


M:+62]45

GJF:

EIE@)M5A3J/#$CFJ3)



M?W**(T+=3$.S

AB#P$P()@RQ-
M(



_DJ2AY!4Y



2'B&$2$-:/#DD4

#

ZK
M

TV+=6ZI:N2^J*IN989K ,788CTMS(%?JI!V+4;R\BR V16@FC9&I
A$DB+X*55


M7N2OR&3%/M\__7N^S3YEW[+B


^)A

M5;;--EE=EU6W&!C$#$*7!*Z'(\9@@  ?G'9VDB#&
JHO_W7+&GX2$Z)%7@2
MTU6[%,FIY F6F5;_7[$Q(F'JSU#D#3PEZ;:D)Q8D
:Q9G-3
PO?;+W$3S@K
M-E_OU]5A%Z:;1KZ?4


MPCZ./.+U9J
XE+K.5]O8K%JFM-=;GU]5-;-(K4DUFV7S]R6VI/1

M.Q?U3(LGX0F_]2ZKNS'E;]F^JP

M4[(AT\%.X0CW
P[%J1MHDI-K:HP)3I=9ITIR JS!TT]]M8MT
XWPSA(S-E&E

(YKB$(0Q(Q%
0X+#&/46
0!2=U#JV)F^


TH=.Y


L;P0T3+ES4OA
LJ2

M!(6]/4+D]A.I6YE
093&7AKLB4G)-


8 @A3GP6X_WX
4Z$;^.6_:GUJI\$B


ZRU A(G$56Y$3N2(B*T
DR(R%U%AE2$SL9IL0$



SYHMR/-);Y5GM7LQV;WN
V+NS.F*0
!

8GP*31G-0*2=

=ZG]]G



BXEUUM?'2.Z
MY[L=*K9\+





_;3A

M4LV93WL03D=*CFU4R1-3-CL\R6G82^IFFF=]PM(ZJD1^

M764%-]+4A&A[SY6M;L=VWS+VXR$KZMZVSQB*_)@-/$AQQF05\

MS%BT+#L=R'98]1RFT^&4O!S4$
7)5(_2E(_]KAQ%O1(0L^3JBQMV)]=5X<= @UP

Z*WUP)C67)68S*'#YXA5UV*M




MCR.B9R
:R]!#*YZ5]MNR


M5 S*B=] WC-8


M


M0



M]9T(=Q)C8TWREZ%UIIVZ

C=K.^X
M*8(H@(0%


*D\6%;/CY6/ GLGJ
M ?AB!LUCY*J-G(V$:QG2:]U+\3&T059%Q?JZ+.YNLNK^(^\ 7]=U1LK[^WS?
M;$:_R7[L,2?J'ZLTP4D$DB#%#(0N=@'"/N8P0@R[,OMW#%AS[((-Q#?\7]W
M[_0@G2-*2<$U0J^8N$[-K)R0CI+:W:/O-$=%NG$VQH%N!O129/
+T
3C7I4


M1YS.$^?@RJF$.K=EY33'G]:\

.#L[VI(9Z%$848MHH+T-#)O;Y




M^[Y2G8VA9RBL



M7MST \0.
\![S

JX



M\NY]73]F6U1LFU\TF^%6@$78HP$

M(ZO)(^_;Q7X5 -YWXXC%7D(3X*?

M-

HIT7%:YD#KHDO\7B+GA$1TJ=T&1)DP(^7MW88







Q




MA6%O

(NBQ5N@PO


MJ!%1
\3P
H3
E#
O;[0VR9'D8/.

XO2RJ*I
_H
L3(@!_GQY#:S(A*$
WK

$
MD





4;V4K?AIV_7-T.$.&5/P6415GB15



MP2B.



M$443EH6D1^7TL.2T1)4W



MY1Z)5OC\=%O6&DQ.TIUP5V-




M[Z[9H;M^6?


MU9'[_C+41DYB)!D4DQ9[M

Q)&%$2-K&4HAR+VTD1SD9Q;
M:H]#GRH22D$$6$)1X@4  S_VX;!BB!VY=5WL;$BG%:C]0M6

M_/^X8G6&&/\CIB E\D;FT1+9R6IY[D0GJZT2)CM9?6;N1G(9T](




MV5&\
%^BXWC'F.I#L


(?-1
MXB6AZV
W9

EUM'1V3OD9D[NF+R


MQZO+?983@C?LGVU?

)9CJ2#=PY- SZ

)=N#D!&Q+\Z(O?QR





T+H839I8[_^T:2.#JFS[J%*B)F-4 BDB[GH-W::X
HY
M#02'[!PQ.V@A@9#(
S





8II;JN['.E:(FF7;W
:V2W/+DXB
M7_&GN.M=*02+%D@-MR3VOFOP9J2D/%?;IF5UFS5'.5=A$OC$]U$4$T 3%'OP

:##\UAE1B=1IHB6@7)T@@A9JT_/#^.OG '_(A19@&?5
M*M9

(P$@9!0#!

M!
[
VM[=-KN6F(Z=)$CZM?
D@;%53E]0]




@ R&. PQ00/O=#%2+IWR)N8O'O\7]+B-*WD$ZAX<#E
MER7DN!#M%LW8B)1%LX^3CXORK+YI3B2L(N GP(\A)I[G)P2$P#TLM..4
0:(
MS$R8H@G+


M?U_S-/=8OR_NJFR;9\7^4#JO4I*@T




@:;
M.



!H9IDTPDO)+-
Z_2JSS
Y\KK&=5YD35JK5RBE
M00!\&%B(L!]6+:&TSCQ-=:VQ W,\/Z1@.N+31EQPDZ;HN=-@A4G^Q0X3#




MK^(@HBYC 9A *(P0*Q[M8 C\ES&J_=RO][9T789'%*:/D6&%87=^]X+KAW





HY8F\NSNS1-QOJ!OQ+6
?4
MHGMTK\@485R&7$_DZZL=)]

_QL2C4=R# 2&2.MMB8)]L86VQ5:,:EMR:YSE06W


343]
!2^)#N[6N$ +[B@ML*ZX0T;84US3'$RHN

J
S9#ZD/2TFG_&&.F^:?
M.%N.1%TZ+Y



L\(&R&
M:3&=F8=D.1$ZQ=C3ZC0PE['/5)C$1$S'X9E*)P%ORX^+V*&.5%M;&X$^Y[O



O#-5B<CLURW+2:H!@*PHJP-J(6IKD?!G*:-2C


BI$Z$3Q /;FH'A6=S$X(7N@YGGBV8/F37(_@@%O
M-JIGP?K


B./2\Z=(V='A4:3.@\-&BX&Y7C!VVX



F1@P6E
M[X_?ROW9UJF^L+'(&1$,%[&(:4HIEHA%4;<Y2SH+GJ('<^R7T.[?&]LJI\'

*S_OX=#?5W7H:CV


R%RN%#975=



M&XN^H[-S*-A#$XP XWS]SVNAIK*

M2)MCGUZ^K
HI8\8'9

MTB+#M#5;L!ATLFJP
=\;*

B






MH[V0\$2R1'!

VHT=@'.Y3K3C-!!TOG7 Z)U  T
MCKFJM%M&@IB=7Q1G[8G90M&G8'JU![

MEJ93J
%K1PM:!ZF4!T:=Z=3DJ\MG/






_W(V$T^?D;(;&*RXNS:C.5W &8PE7EV
ML!KM809

M A+F)=7_$BD]&?Y!'
XCL3_


M%G%$BXCE.)2BM8\+ CIEZ




M%VB P-X90SDUBV''I!.F^3U


J75X

HPEBF62;M]

:.K3?OK-A@&G7


I+8RBA%.LI)XB

OR
MPPC3-A;AX(+CVZ




MJF!G881QG'?HD01M




V*N


17'+
MOYDX3D<]33/K.LBBQ9I\
)9EIN@03MRV26$R+[:2R\#
@_M].3;TRI
CPR:
<AC $!+.L)D@








M3D%77[:;KQ;%W
YX-@RO)J 8&&(]E'H/Y?*.;@5RY(#*C*6^H


PQ3NLLV.H_P








N6Y^PG^??:6+I&M@9W6ZM:^PN


 Z=^Y#!
M]!(V6G[B2 ^

M3W^T-V]F. ]C-5F%.*
BBY!@O+6)9 &:&(99\EZ0TX(+:G1!#0\F\0.I--/J

R%E;?']O5;4
MQAXK&$6Q0'$2DC@M2*ZOUVOL92P%=9NUM^([!FV -:_71I,H 8P:9.XY '

&3
4-RQ*^[6ZQTUWV4Q3P:5(:80


AE1VIZN^PPY6^P?EM$;]OC8




1P




MQ#N'4Y13740YOVV:C

M:-T

3W%!


8)QX*-AP!FRIF
MO3QW/FKAAJL!=5F]

M
99'-.]%A8S!]NM
MK]H89YMUG((/8UX'[<(ZI=39[NLLMESA6ZW&9,YC@378[.M52 K(UW/0N^J

M%\2;8%F[

MV_M7K!@WG4N*Y6;_S^7VH7R[67[9;&MD_RB7NM/


8=-
M0Q
-MY=9R?6P]$Q0DST!\YBKIG._FLF;:#F#U78/;\OOY39NKL?










-( SB
6&
O9:I*7Q
\L'A
:%D06










?@JN%5\X(FX&


M*
%;$
ZAFZFNHPF


MOU7:'$@22 $\\&.I 9.DS!^Q\+H. -F:E1) L;^L!58

MU;?RLQK\LHE%2
&+(F&A3%(NU1^B5(9=IH=FH/Z[;BV/I8-LB^8K-_G ,
MZ&ZW^:X^;[G_:P]=DN\F0)-QSE

PUU;W5D

[_4N&R1\/0V&0.9]L%/PHJ@9K


M%



MPM7TY&
4_$U/S-OT9$R\Z^G)QP#XGYX
!L+A]


D0T8H2&
M


M3T^)[S42A' GDY GKOU
0AJLIX)8 .]NV+]\.^Y(-9H')P5Q'84#2B(A=/\
M2TQ!-GX!V)MF7
T!7W:_&@/WV
4YQG-4

M'P$&PLG

_$Q


MK&L'O#AL5E+@CVOO

GB

M&WD2N0G.0W_R*S@[]HM

_@9^
6GG.'^NYJ!'(W$V!/2]^5FJV_-

MGG-+OD=HX@GH0__XSBM_]
)8^

M 5Q@K  B3%$A!!)1R)%












MI_XN$*62QADG5

]DIWKX S%UC=B8S\*L





KIU SA8-HC'[R-DS%W/


80D)S++O7I1
H\;:P5N4(R2*

;4RA3YL:FD-M

MI))F) \C#E(=QZ9'B)@:M($2^^ 17GB(Y))S\Z!I(KKA8=15IH
SUN!/C3:H


QD=^J!@6FOGS'Q4Y$%)[:O
M0
OC



)(@


 SH].%<
M%#'+68ABS'
:2Y(KW6D^7(5LH+(TPX_TO;.J#T):R8$I)68BX($-V*L_Q?O^

9(F

P=3( O2_!S[

\U&:@#T\/?SA@Q%IA_GUS_/:QW-9!V.';YOYS)7?'S?&GJ/0M

M1






B[S@).)(JE N
M#25*FUUCEN0A[-UW9M3W-FZ-

A5

)0I


M(6T=X\N E

/%AOUF=






$RX+




M\*RU-:;@ I3522\[ZLPDTCMK

MF06!\BA


1(36@L$Y))'(J8T; (
MXRPM0!N[3@QZ5C;U%J2#%KR6-%HM?_TS.&PQ?!
HA
%F%VB

M1=[
U\K#:)^'F+EUJ7\=[8*O(:)VZD3Y'^5RO\A%4F0H)UF:%((4&:&
:J-)
MELHDEX/E#&#*OY!EPX4
!F(DP=44!=@A,\7UFR\,5 E6P9&B)*A7H6C]].1KE(TDA93@AG
M&96ZLO^\^,Q!=]</-.5=EJ)PNQ!J+/7)4^L.1*F$[J9*-.9*J T67 \7VVR

]:&)-\X%(.:
RS-'U6\



M($WJ8)AKDOXK@^3H=7:LU





M/Q]*41Y6^\V]_EY];%LDC*64YSQ





MO63UQFMN:)Z'DCGSYEE4YY(EX[(

@Y



.^=3C 6@./O6X
MV/4
]S4^9AW%+3A[87KR3O\





M4C]77RXO2ER!U3\NA\9

5OR$NO2I[@_FR

N&W[G*EI4OK^J5/4

MFA4Y0HR@-4(\UTIK



U@]*YJ1FHYO/V^&H6L\@*)+*$
M%YFDG#$HBB1'09QI!K.!R:!05M\!LZ=


MA'+.$E1D$4^12&A^T8JDQ24R/-@WO,N(/FO-'6(




W_$%]_YO.@SVN;.X*G^N0=ME@ADFP


MI^\




1I

D_:Z(

E8
MV;

 ]:K=




N. 1R9ZJ=
MLKZ^Y_VM_+&J+__YJ'3Z_:X^/+=;Z__H SC?EUNM[(N01T)2P7B68AGS3(BN
MJ#S-LBR$Y

MD]+)1@(FIN=!:($&&FE]'V=+?OV%-#?BYIB.S14R_C






MGBZ%GX-H/F$.K):VS
]9)JU]

01L
T
_VK'4G.+HNHM3WLFV 2S P4V::Y9
DF#8U_-10@@]]


ISSD./QW'TA+S8BS\8I

M-]B33%*.
RE(&DH:\VY;
0XS4*

M(/(


M_-@=+Z'MZ9+#@F2

C:@?X-
V7JCMUY()




M3_7AMTRD.1;=YE)(L5%0[]RH9\TVNBTM^+Y9GH_O0E.WKM@W3=%.0#PT%7MJ
MS7V)

Y;)ZNZ^VC6M



MIX+G@3&C_.XS8^J+]GNU_![*C^6AW'\O#RH.HJO5_F&Y/7Q0]%0Z4%INF\VJ


M))2).)91&DG2(DI0!%KH^


[F9GQOJ#9 P(TRAS!G*:9^2'.@E1VPB26PPP%1.#BK
Q4P



Q
M4TEUX=EKTNF
/8=A

ZZFG'RUN4?8FZCK1;QVZ












2PS3I(P84F6,TID.Y7DI$@[R897EC9
MLU%C)X4#%YMT=M)L1R]

M&1:(+D(:R2P1.




M

W%=WH_^@(

98SE-$]P@1%+B]:VH(C +O)S8=&W[.C+


I?K6J'I2U\P7-[\IC

%0STT9!7YQ(%H C)\EH!&$-F*N.-&IBJ=# FV!NZI*!'
M
JR8FH=$V$&O'#PI
 FH;S-YM)Y9(

A8?

0B)R+GVI! 70Q%
M8@2Z




)*7MDH07#-F*']2
9[EK

P


\B23
M811+S$
IVO)GSK)8 A7&THI_D=' C'KR^7IC7F:F_Z49R.9LWINA?CQ_=9PP


MG


MTXC(')



MB;EILX0O


S:\F2F
9\I@









MU=W=YJBO

%8)]V.E<X935F<:-46TP';\Y H


MI].X__

ML^/+^\UQN5V@C
NXB$*:%AF6A


\%0F2C*8B2SMI2V


[:MN]EXL7K6)V:+5T#K8**_B^![?D&RXD)^0=N



M2 .*BA^^; 

6*2]G&8BY801'(99S$AK&44(U.S9A3W/VJ:1
MZ8J\^Q
V2ST;PB=0T$:BTEK16D(;A'/1M.NTF8B: ])GIFHN/+HF:\[8 NM:
ML=EM#M_*]=^K:OU442D5


M'!&6Q#0M1


M&LJ-N3(UW9O/F^2?RQ]'IOS\UX+F
B8Q%FF$J(AH2 5%(N8(
2%IQHO%]W+_






M8PA$@I.



M\





X[Q]*I

M^[(75M]6)6Z:\NDL%F0X$S'!




M(V-:T6CO*.I

S2*#.?V*WG9=]SC^H% UO.''F.



41%)

MVGQK(N[T NE 6R^FOLR;3G-UKMYK/
%^S(%L&/*XLLL6-\HO?Y8K^=/K7\IU
MN2G:)2Z\O&DOB=QNBE8P^UV!)V@0!#BE#& !,DSD.0AV*LC1[&.6#FX%C(
M=OE
F\3\6FS^+-O[(X:=


MS6=4U+'?_%!8UT8^?E1VDZ52][:-Z#KM431/0S]24:&C929_K2#'!+-AWI]
MN_LE(A%?5
MG7ZH]A2&/J[$FXI;Y;RZ?1.;%$VYI/5-VWWCO;Q=KM#N5^1Z+#U2%!10H$

V*)4_686VQHRI5O-BL



MS D/HR1$84HSF(79?B\]H5#S\7K#1ES7&X]_642;-C6)FH0Q/6TZD.6/)IVB


M


$? ZA9


R;.

M.MA_1@%

! #0!  @@T-
MII!K;?2
:







=+T!];?\DJ =8AE)G

!)GSYH?2C
!?V^I!AKJQVY%_7S?-@L5
MYFZ(Y;(9@CG

M OK'3.)QH$1%/@P(]$Q 3PX)2'&;!@^ ;80F8A3$*$&4X)R)(T2O=SP3!!

^_


M/#WI4O5M\;=I@F)(G6JBXIXUW81E. 



M9T1P;$6PK8.='3-
6
Q)?VEB

RS
\WI([+.Z)DMFOW0-&O6O'#-Z3B6
M5+7M7V5U_5U^//Y1;HKK\L/=S;=R\_&J0]!\O-LV6]GA)*P.S0+$$9/FK(L
MR1 F!

M%JMGQJP;[_@Q@AW95D_1OZV


9
VA=3V2?+'9(D2ZE @H$T$1@D
:4T'9#@




65U*%%@)0@6F

MJ\+JB&&GNJK@BSE%]0!OO*8:N.=52:J)?6:*:LRD94%=()I F$:



MMKAY28^^E=M-WUI]]6E3W12;^R_KXO)/4=?+?9OM.UDI$1&G(D-9@M
('-ID
K
M?-H) 



M=WJ@.J%48[HW+;5F\[V1%*M-^%XDXM2
SQZ#'DSY+!I3.^EE:MJT+*O%KJW/

.4P!SG%29C%AV;R4.F(@?&'.T[H^M%Q !6TJ-24

M2.A^^C0JT:
*.EB!Q*6K$]JDJ0J%2[Z





MOOQ1!T/\S\C$&9T]$)4S66Q:@_._F=9I$S )(


D8QD**69

M21G-W/R*
*B@28D$''EA\8O;L3+_B#?$78_M#[K[

6+;J?_VSA
M!0.^8 =05SF



T.4=!!TM46+9Y4




$13.T:\5'LJHK)
M9


M9



M$$*DS@!D*(B@RGF**^14A#IO3^@HUV' O%'EI0'6'3DXU1-*IIR%0
Z@G*
M@;QC6#/)RQF*SFB-#6+]$!XKEM3VNYVF)

6Z

SH^N9_]4/SIS:YG'E^6DM\/
MY7818093G






MR5&24QYAG((0TVAH/


6

K







KD;%QP(5C(8S8 B_/(
M\(2W
X)
WP SR6'^EEW6W_P;MUL
M-W<[G=\W'$8B%1D [<6822RB#,=DMU##8P& TAO(%IN;4%'UZY!LT*F;_D[
MI'EZVRFC=

B&JME79
M?+QJN^17V2-;
(]4-@IISC@


N%S$$



LSCD7
M(HI8!&($5#@QFF6ALX(YIQ+ T#LJ#M09TFM-A:F5AJSZ_'D*F6N4W$HUYV

M@LNI




JF'06O;*P]=




MSWG+T1MJYDR?$?I)'.B'KD]CZI/WT2;C5_G:@4?W*3[WKDL8R\_/28(1X2E&





-







MCR3B6F_VN6A_0B'KK[AX__P5%Z;R9M$5NK(WCQ?


]BA&+&LQ .$!G(]*ZFA+8A+)^
MN]^!SXX1K^O.S>3]FF




2G5CVY'$)5^R-R3P^E-L%P52D.&(DS1'/PQRF9-^:;!GJ


-D
!36 

+M@=!RSB@G$5*1J




M/?/!)S

!
6&Y2'*
(TAC1F#*P#XX\C@W*(5P@&*:BH@]GA$1



M)2G.R4)^P+=::Q7%
PMTE/C86!OE^#/
@Z=E_Z4IL:=]P:/9L:\
/3=1]A7K

$('2R*;-EW-
4DD\X=;'MUPDF

/MN!DZ[MO8I9N#.
N;



6

F))SQNM51N/77GVU?

;W





MEQ8BPP#G&: I0 DB


[@.O
M?)5FO/VV%F
ADL[S;M

80$8Y
M I@ F1+'8E^RF@DP3;'G&(!SI9H/

M






MN-'Q_OJT_O
O]'T]UQG\VG)_T54N]M[M]0^/8MS



Q3/.]XSP.H]Q+:J?KR2LH.IQ


M__A2:F/=- M*&2=RRD@3(.'#/

8

!*'


MHC#C:4HHA93'25]%RBF* 9SI-(T!TIDK

O@CAVL2_+'?NDZO/K

/5.0YVN'&G+U-P?Z*8#1=-=E1#OU-X

MK9?E525_LWQ?_6B7Z+=R%?[]?P%P0*HSA#61ZF$8Q^25#+$Q1'D.1Y3.E
M

MW&5O=GTW3T7= +E91#3+2)K )

8U
K/GY


\RCF::LXT#//&'5F:XV/P?/JV3P4P2#^[+8

1R@7



WE/N9

09\,A(-SCB*.$<8I]VX4:+MS(Z+7=K]VJQ;%/MLJ/J
MJ6C_'J



MW'FO9N+?]HMQ1L
MFH\9LZB7CTU!H&$^MH/FD8Z=(DLA'QM+LU?:-=Z:$_F8'98T]:K;AF?-@HY
MB:D((4-Q%F29CFE?:,LRUF4J=BJ2G'=25?N[J1EPXU..%02ZRFH
]
JW;(




P;$
!MG
1*A

MA?)4XX)$/ ]AC/(0QSB-$$WV:2@2
33*!




XU/7P4^_K8N[9;4MEYIGFTQKI:8STV7F+^$L]_M##N7$NUEJ

MM53?5N4!%4BBD(4 1!F)8!Q2.64@.XEF+(]YJJ.2KK$XEL_?_OGEG]VJXS#?

 #
MC_[1&1'

MY%V;;5I=^=WV3=H:4G)=TUN_IR?G3I9W\)U(/+GQX'%Q!B3 !(
X*S#*.0
MXW! P[/84



M=.WCS49VV.Z68W)_^)5/Q7UW*?5?Q6;)I19L[]^MF^VFNS*^Z9Y:_?J]6'^\






'WV-/#=_X/U%?L2V


R6

M[W'Y&&@-?#YWK'7D9\_#[:$7O;F(^\2ALP1=\V[UUN/N&8F[UCO3=_]/V]




67ANM[.^]8S##6E3


M;ZNO/##M5?:91QE=ZX4N3XM GZ5-Y9=G




M.A




MN%]2
??1'&'O0[E=L%P&840QP7&8DB@D'

!90)!/M=V@ HVQYL 7^MML0JN

. $5Q

M=



M

1/*HVD_(Q$3^5
/W1[







/:R;9.4G0V31G+*E^2(\%.YXD.G:8496?7V53

WK+KWJ&\52Z_(8 


=T
72I4WPXYQEK3Q4GC6+&@Q*E<?AK6WW$H$+SN)F882!HA(D


M:V0MIU7I?
;64\HYAA8/A'

UY4)+-C\7VIKPNCEL!49RS*!(@2A(A


D@(IRS/HA2G.26'
M'=H8*.UF'VRZV7!%H^V1NKSHZ03JG17.OK6#%61WUZ-+31*4UFRJA%EYHN
*SVI?$3L6(:\J4AF^YY
]-.$_[4

MC4QK4Y 2SN(T93G(XEB@H748



9IYK
M^8\1G!D
1K3Y
0C



MW0YKL-6^;7 &!RK

I;#YM-


M2QH7)



M
:-;C#0^WW5-W_YGJK#--,M/ =SHRG
?3Y
7A&67#JYAUC-E2'Q;NU[%AE
MLQT&7XJ25
9#'H4BIH+F#))P/_A(FNFMXNA^NO.%G '0/(LXC^@X
QQ
B?-C



MMD^']A/ M&Y)L]?J!




?U-




4
M]@T3$0*EVRLM-N=8]0[SJ:MZ$RQ[C$'1@]23.AOLJ@G=Q
3JR=Q#3@=XP8!O

19Y-L/@;-IT#


X38A
_R*9^U&(HFQHD?!T
MY
13O9TY=@-:=$$';_0L4X-0T\FE&RXM; VHT#C13'+/D=8$4I]9/_3)BB4O



(40H@A@8 +DA*^#[8X


M4_K^FBT)*]CC


![+S2Q%RL^2<T9KQI'IA]
M.'Q




M

PP%9 KC0NZ=ND0ZH]#HTKH]KNJ3XGZJT2W



NA03CP[4Z/N
MC


JGF
M&.W CV!0474F(6^
ZLRR]WZ2EG.Z

ZJZ\TM=+_^J5JL'


^HRAD _=&64!;6][F2F)0N41!$!+

M*'^TSD POH-A0'

K




A_=UDN4B^(A;O*HK


%@T/T0Y9<YW/(3RU/$(3NW)IQ?3$JF49+SC=_W (
M\4Q7=D@1=T(#]1(_#_73;%-ALJLJWB4Y5G-+K-GMK[(:]Y!L]L-PU7%ZBK9
M\BR7'2KQ[E4?%O59;JJES&&"4V@7[(9VI6[(8DB1$-H1_0*(FPTDU#)H&8
MWG+18/^I 0]Z]*%OP!7C$\C#O%WCX0L0))5XGS#OUA:=M


'NTX4XH1ZI
/B4JQT*-L



M()^[^ J
6K57R5WO57K5C!RMO 
X-2B\_+O+Q XL*[%L'-K$A1#'3HP[
#2R
ME:YC

S






MCVGY6W=J&1%B!19T0HO#LT


92AL
O

M
@X J:K&8-YDY6
*RE1UI



M0PP]SW6Z*D]
8SU#H2!9@W'@0XL6/5H%R!M\();#AA4#6)0[$K2)EF#TA$


AU;SSYG*E=C:@^B4_%W?6VYF+-JKNBI.GJX2)?9\_9FJ/_
M9[K9LG]D]P]+:KLN@+J.5Z86$$26 'N(%O\\YA8-BE0P]&/?F.K;9T]
[!*

9 L0&E
Q%P&X$P


M']=\T-^S)8W=($@@M8@#(P3CF+ANAY)B)/5T[+FP&4YJ!'1PUV)?@$J@;UX[

ML0IT9@%N%X@Z3^]
 [UM
_?W^#74N?A=^_*J8?^/6G\=0;KBTNP4[IU!
G).





MB#?%&*C-#?.-@_I


M_?#BF]-6PU3Y/%$8


M2H^#&D%@6F57#VR]W30G+0YP@PXX2&L@#&L/6H B!RG8FP(:6Q1?N#/C)SDY


M4#&QI19%S@IP0M$_$/=+]LP]9 /







M1QUD?);C)]1SG0C!


RY_(LS
M?

WTX@$E@(^*2'9H8NP@.2ZCU8IA0


#$V
3(S





)TW9.W=&@UV[I51FH6Y9O@Y?S-4O_/-2K

MYSN;#M75/;^Z6173+\&;??1(9\WT^[VA0/&KY:I(?\\6V=WJ[EUX8C)_]'0P

WKW*?S'!:N]_-Y%E[O.[U0P7<UD_*+G^=_=B+1WA<
T^W\[CZ@ER[*
E]]?+6ZK\%:;0.O!AKUV<^
3Z; FF%56.ICH5IT\T&R(+G;E
M1
?7#'@X7RDZSXUV2^2E59KN[NU]'.X

N\^D?;S=_BY
RXDO# O&H(VH:



7'




M97[Q


M3E:;0R]E$F[^?+4(;EA:+E^5Y2JM%OEURGSWDQ7]?VD8(#K//UU?-(P8CW]Q
MUR4%]?@WGEFPEJ
]N.?^?PCKS+3?GC]_


MX+;VUW_?_G-R

+D'W\+WT]:M$J(%1YB




M%#LUE.GT[Y_SK[_-TJP2DU0_5-*11]*%?TK6)Q5K5_8%69X]DWCH'/:6JDU
M9D@I_2VYY9(^!
-V-8ZS/O!\F$(GI;M3?F']]-T
0ENH?J6E7MX_N+SB5%


47Z<IN$0(ULD(LC807$WN$PJ-8R2H2@U-<QE?2EZ.?+S5Y@/4R=

MBA














TP3KNLV


MZ/U]-PE:%4'#3IO@_E

M%=  U% X0&*V;_I?C;B:MA^?DT--4[,I/RR73;,?,#[A420%\B]IU5B*-.

!



M..?7EX+=S*L;M1[=##:0#=CY_038:N]7
0H=MQ+!'F]LR 1I5%5R$=44NUB
M;$)?FKI,&]'3.#E%#Q(57%-%!87$0(M@,-FT4](@6)J.
$1E9*[( O2EZXN
P:KQ-8F+6S.BO


-L)&.4T_S_'@$:ML
M)/;A9:D&BRZ]\.W$:60DTZ@JRXE\

JZQ(M
MQIMT**
0OI104=V/18#@5$LOH3NSGQ4AHH781K/[H\#IV
9&+_4;;)2[(-
M% XZW)%$80@]








Q9S6=AC&4

M??)_\L+
)V$.WF^X.KPEP1083(4F 8T*!$.YJW$ %D7EB8Z15P.9L].I8 14

M


;#G@R)5=
ME]X_



MV7(THD?G5+U)_S0!V&SI)]

I;)* VE#(C-[T-DZ6V
M4=6$QZ[_8Y26]X[I4+/&ZWSQ.2!\5V'08DGVTN
)!4999Y@5RH;UYQJO6C(*

M^ !;CD)TL#V[=+HJJB

5M5 %W+1(S&5Q;





MAG..Q?R
[+I)BVFEV

M

2EM
 @!KK@C)F14O([K0'P=/@/=0S+N9?%]7H?B0;X=(+5-:_K/(RWTV

 2&IHI1K$SSW&E,H=,Q-U

1 [%X$&5
BZB
MNTFQR!:?R[?%Z[ 8'(3OW3^9J&HO+#,(0=0HRH1]6$J3R(H/VE72Y]6MJ?

M:QC$G]./97J[FK_.;O=Y@S&O3:HRO

81)/9^

(2&Y-/
T).G4[]+0_.=X/[2@[. P*#

27M1Q@6/:?I
M.A;S

HQ]=P@


]E:&;V#
M;1-I/ 50*J$Y

\':U
MO$F++#^T(=SE)0DS$ 







M

)P&
Q;KD
M^'VU%NSF@?;__80(Q2RTX?^5


Q$=;Z^OR#Q=I'U68[8M/SK['2DZ8N

A3'NURD$%P]

=(5O%*LZ)\]=K)=^))SGKA1Q

$^:MPU7A6%O+# ,UT6V'CG0^8AM-Z0OZ8@MP5PRZ[GWDE(ID!2U R<L

M

$KN]0D5NE=JR=U O?RJD1HQJRTP8?TC&HGJ--.UO)Q'%7J_1JJ
M1!QKR/J!^TJJ1&C(&*.0 Q(6*=@IS7#C:$K_DU2):*WY[E4B.N%[]))M'5(^

\1K*/_1HG([%_!K*/U3E5






M


_(YPZSNG!'HOY4.SJ

BH



M1[?3):K(LR+

:L1!@K8L!+@HI9,4A=S7^$(C=/ ;'A:[
6_C-.


'B20
MEQ)6UX
@5*-2G1#Z:[*)8%+TME8GY71SE\MT^O?/^=??9FE6
954/U0$)8\(







NEV\IGD




M.@8






M']@.5Y)ET\6/B_(^G6:W60N;N+--&&4($T[#?(Z88 X0S$PMHV'RRGRR2#T_
M.R+:#ZJ#


MS:GL4X\0GYM







@ LW0*2@L;I*'5
0=
+BH^%
^]010P%#V?]/E=D
-]NT\7




M9

'9!A?2V1:[QO8W5
@LL(



M
3BO6R5%[&J4*&^%A 1B*8P!&EK4;#PXST6K0-
E;?#T:JY[PW5\3N1D/EE


XD0'W--PB4L?
[!







M+8Y'D ISA*4&:J@5MDX M%&4]M:WNP#[5-D .\_VMSCNU:)UXD68!J$@7CM(
M@090::6Q=I+)

[QG=SYCUY0V#(AGB]A+.<;Z_1.VSCVC1/H/2*5A?!  :YEHY(XUR$@IA





MM94N[I


M[ :KA)%-/FVKAP6O^OTRG_[Q)9\'C925A[W\WL)S;?N*A+MJJUQ[XL*


MIOI7_FYVQ2$]]

MJ'G'EE$4K@.RIE@%;3R#83]Q7FZ3(%[5==4







MQPY]\H\?CR!#$ =IF2$@(;!S
#32V9Q%%'Y\8=##P!92* '2R L]7'J\4T
MOTL_3+X]1F1O:O&!E@E7DF%!!=9:6DHP

M&8.K1*_]K9+PH!1%&C%:+7P(L-*!HK#2F


HR;'



PI0


L\+;8@W8;+UVO$F+]U\RNTB+M:)\2'


M-A!:;KQAK2K7G%C^#P?.5/SX8 *X!(1(6Z7$N2H9$LA&(NE=S-[ *)

ML_AN!+3#[0)L._E^FBXF19:K;]D^:_#B\XDR5%GB@ 9AQC(0&6-X+1MD]%II



M])SWC^P98J\'S=*S9Q/HF&+


/)[G.HYPDHO-T@,]08AS[R VA@/&/7-
M7$J$O+*+6?ME2R^0CNB4P6%3U?8=18N&&EON7( &T0DU \NH;+#7NIZ8;0Z


M
!*D
=@!I1BWJ/-J_MK8$X/T8*Y1A[3-YSF$RD
&G;!*( (UQ!S+9B6JI([)


M]9=/AQ.W\.?'YY+D.6T6LQ*[U2
*P]=2
+A_C*J@4
19H8C(?BB\W*99%]

L)F47QZW*JL(_!ZF]?2%A!FL



M]2G9.;]V#ZICAD9[SF&+OP74TD$;7P1B%0$\;K?!'7MQ(O?CB[_C6;I8O9

KT='BD[;JI^7J(R]&33_1W%(-HT2V1U&SL)



(D0YDCI
*
WAR&=ISZ*BS_Q_L:I

80HHO ?Q33X$OS







MKG$W5(=B3EQ=XZK

L1;-Q(NAB$I




M@CD

M\CB%5G__N

9 &7=E.P G9THW9AZM

MQR0DVDA

+?$LGH%ZZ%E
:6U1^@-]F2



M'*I.7S%+@1?

MZ*7QC )92T=!2XFU#GZ
* M.H%[Z$/H82N?@I3;M73':$W513!%]B42#!?

M&I#OXU3@T3L&_YQDBVH%'J18=S%;^$E6K&L?=BW??\2K$L6M4=IKAB$G3@.@



MJ!:S-KO'[5^2L*!1P)R 1@8[9+$'K


\[=;U/




^QI R29Y]6Z\L&/N3J]C:;

D@
D(\@.!





)





GH.K%H


:SS6]#*6@XMV]=
MA6!=FWZ6+0-$95C45+5\9GH5!%S^[_30NJ'M*Q+-B#5*&%YMIPG+);'-Z@BH

2I?.W'%R?N];9_

M-+O-TMG!N[1WMDD


9F^G6
[7]/B4WYQ+(G%='!'Y?5Q



MM)C


ME!N\^^+[&K4J8S:T#
C/U\-H


MXZ ^_8ZC#NMKP *Y;_)BK;CEIH)BE:CS(;]9HWG(]S_^S8GSW$AF&!0:H&

^AI6%I_3-ZLJ
M%_GM[5J\NUJ62XGB[F^+R69@^O.KTGJ<YEAN'$K"*ZT5)O6&@@ (1_GH
MEU&6Y%B6G1+G
E' D&<8<4BX AEXR8NI]3L$4BO'T'7'

MD/!#P%;/]]^.N*-%@AD#$%G)*1' *L20=;6
$BH]Y+F TP_56$7GIP!UX&'Y
M9E)L
@1MNIQD\_


P[0HRM^59\V^==T
M


(%8GIA9

23



%)J7#81!!K1



M=$;QF2TG:0H^PY9.B(Y7(.GJ;G/O


3- *B2-0DM+#$44

L

M$


M57XT25'M299T0G.T2%KQ;7W[;;FZ^?&;S\?63KT7K/

MSS[7HV0PIZ'(N\67\Z&78Z\$[073T3 ;XPS'!F*#:J=
(S^SX$N*BD^RI3.B

\3A+-%9'

1W+:OQK



)8J/ERHZU*G][*3T-R+&Z\WRR_[
5MT(SM

M:K0PK


/?I:R.K<^AQFB-VS^+^D%V
M+/8
VUF &^*
UM!C XTQ %HC:J^3J!0V-0] C]U8H&]*]0WS-(O=^V*S7%\O
X))J9:UC(.ZK 2-2\7IACP8YY4PC^YAWXM<&K99\&A_
M/U0O;F_7ZU7U5VM=O%\L3Y6D[3ID ( 0(P6G0D/C(D105G=_H.5)):@R+%4[
M*OOZ@[WSX?R/W_?K8G5=JN_[^TWQ]=$WQN^^*O5W4ZP_N7^NRG:'B^UG?[O^
M^]@I?NJXP2@7-S/.<(L19)'+[3*[86E% FTR[!V;5^TFP+[R;AWJF[+4+P\




M $XL4((9Z.O=O&
X:6W+_K)+WU&4WG#NR4(]^I[U#]]3%9MM:[%:#!AP7
FA
*=/5?JCBWLB*M1@E,RY
41&Z1&V4C&-

MFT:Z3HT1-]

MQN'R@?!]8





4*I

MU]'
(D@$L(!R8 WTRD%0RPLLGEDGUI[YTR^X8Y%)7?_?N^T^D6OKUYMWQ=_J


[]N$9CM( D,4<AX;$@VUH0#6]IDY
MG[*3SSYA-\V_Z0?1:1AC%IO-]^C;MVRX\^-K07 M<
: 6GB%M498
I)YYUF

MQSQO_WA89L^

M[W@UY

DJ YM(M23JP4Q#FP5EOR)F'%P*0

MAY7

1+WADIT^QFHX2L #(


M7.2S



&2Z9A-QB


MG9#V_
L!0




$VZ(







LS3Z6MYZ 7
ZJIQ=U(Z]

S<BS_/7
M@G0.$!


'S'MTEO&_79


M_(@9]W_[Z /?K4NU+&Z/MM

MP(Y/HU_B8OQVO=W^MGHT$\YD*I]Y-R@AA*80.81)W% R(YBO9-98I@1VLMYM
M]4FF?K =

MH:B@Z)




J39P.RT IB
MJ&-


B]Q1N3I)'ST=D*.-
86PP%MY:BUA-

MY:N@24_(#L








0!AA3JP@ I5IW8X8QBL9$)T;

MPFXL#ORZ7V_W'TYRX(?G@L.8Q%].(ZQ1LYQ1BN\0 *S)$';;6X[@^_T;BP
R#\&W



MO79XCL6/M
:=@%)I-(AP:RD%
 P14

1W=QS&W


MPP$:J9F

SL*2%'K4X:D8CF:@W.[6)5W^
^L58\?YIR
M:R$3&'BN=5EMTZA*$L.2KC-FE*J5S_*4 /[8-#J[&OWX8$ QME5%JF/ F M
MC/95A#O.-#BSC@_=%'F$#9T0/

\V85W?PR]Z7\DJ.K2H.W
M@HC_QPN!1220&:(!;5)Q-&MGZ?VVRIN/12@262@S;1/'W^=!URZ'))Q E4
]&Z3J!@0*H4SI'9.C3947 /A4S$0G;DJ_*BS
/17*@0201E)EH(WX
M2%!;[KB;3K%F&17ERF=/TAW[D3ET=BOQPW.!

YLXP2@3 7WB)='7=3!/7
MDD
(TA+H::,EM=J@801[-<
MR472:GYEZ)NG
6=H=/.Q4;^M^K!0]2@ABLHA\%%\X!6SR
?UOC['LC0EWI6A
M

$)1WB3#F!5'EO@:-H= ]R
48


M*


8P7NNRI*0
MP@&HD&8*N.K*#3/4S2QF
(C&V]FNSM@/RZGD]?!AC! WLA$RRR1PA%$3K3^M


7
:0T@%KHV'(6IFU5''



(W6LE\:XHJWW.P?





^IMG
-_R5V[VP8'G2+R) B]7V^75OQ:W=V=C9T/\9I J0ADQ-EA:K FT

M9K$K?L2A7NT'B3JD?E2@T64@3I:%9QT5SC'%JPP*;E324@5_GKE?I)(O?C?V
M

4V7+ 04AT57








=) @RM9
&



MW@H!I52DZC49-V_2)QTQYZO?MJHYU6FK'8*C71SMU&G+&N$5EDI1 QP66$M6
M+X$



M?04)UX(@BR53PF!C+4 5:CJMHT2.-X0G]P=&5UGV1'\IMZDLDE'VE?K7^C8.






M22I)




W.5.[)JC+LL[11QF7=9'/ 




M
EY \IPFZ0H=+^

;#X12:-S^!DO<T7^U;R937AEX9VX=6VZ58_0CDIV*Y
MNXMBOVG8
;O?7PO20:.5Q4(#0:$2T494

E^FW4X


I])+F2;_NF^GM;JN+R:O
MR[\ZK*9E''#PV=/T$P*@RAO

124:WCJH\I-!0=0B($492LNKFM'7O'ON]



#

M BA).%(1,/+C2FWM1[CU






LRFJ$BKJ4')]< [!YS\0+94;VJZ6ZNBINHZQ1YA**
M==F7(2_19T#=0322?7SP




!+.B
M1LI)




TLM 0AR&
:[%!U=Q1






N20


M^?BSL1
)+G\B_E@\9Y)Y^.
G!&:5L9(;CQ#2C
;-):C]=(62FE9D&$1\]1
P


M&5/Y89H;DE+E9D[K]JN9_L/RY_)MP*-&F'D:@#8?&(QRW B(XIX06A2-N?.L

YB65ZN+(M#4E%=K=2&)[7R



M&:T.^CM1LK0==I=5LI1BBS541

M):.%(*4X;H;6*%'/C4N6MD



B^63U

37




MP*3\N7P;

/I









M-FYA?(V6US.K


M8&91O LA;@?-9
S;^&R_O(W/!H\% !Y$/PH;J&RQ*H*':?QJ.UP?_*VNV;R
MY*WZ%'7:.WE_&#4HHASB@!@O7$.F;HV9%R7H$LI6\9^
GAD]61 XW=%QYA8






^IFU


ML6G3@N!$P@ULE(QC)WAQ')6;5H-UG34YEUCE:Y

M'NS=)BZX9QL)G'HM!,G#N.&,V*HP3N)&PEJ;$VI=Y)ABO4$&3I =:Q11%
M+Y8W*W,75;.Z^OYQLUAM;_?J^R4Z@PT/SLX/$E=Y#ZD#B#!O&4.4*\-KZ\QH
M2H QXW.+/LG5.\@Y+EM 20.%81!#+3R,_R6JS8=!*&D3UCJU;YR:2X,L6NU@
MS.U0ZN',+3YV[_L]]._RO

00=11

_LR'


K(RPU_8$]


;L8O;DR8]9TAK[9 T

KMV77UZ:
!2$Z51 X@


MI4L)GF48&!F+5[T!_IQ6EW
T
A;8E^\JO^WKRBFT1+*XX%K$C-4@^GVF2N-R
M5B0=F&18K7%:Y[@KZN-%GIZ5[WM6RZI!OGJ;88**LY;&Q=);+^/&%V!G3(V$
1'0CMI7T
#K3\\JV&LG.#8!\!M9-
M75W=?;G;-X)]7#FZF[T[
E@H=[? *ZF(-([PLAU$C0J0.B4_N?DQN+SGXZJX










S4.0* U4I!Q[&B4B-JO*QDQ
JEE'G(


M)?8.^X/!


7RP&#JFL5028J:5+YO1U\A%

MK%&0+






M5&8FE1I[TG/C6Q'M4
W_5H226C.EH?




M_K2\6JQVCWMW/2O!




C*5

M
AYW2A9I
4K03$7]2H$=-T)#2IBM?%CM($_)DLNH6
I$O.P-]XSLZ..:AW%V
M59D/G2IB#O%SP2.!L672





M:B?B5A


M^NUU\S%J0\





4I_[?1Q\JF2$?D]D&)&C3X^

@DY$P!!3ZF
]L4 39P3EAGIFR6[CB9KDW.'4Z\%
MZKB






M+L(:*F+=))?(+]*RI$([191^\ON^?0?I!8U[6PZ$H1HK YQ&0'K/G1)6.$@:

$;;W@B%JA+*0*E7Q6%0H:@)GT&^J5#R=N\/8(]8AS

M[6V&5@QBX2FDL*R7:P$UL(*#0],2O',#=_C^Q8CP;ZQ&9@ZK/Y8:V!A@Q(
M:*U7 E)B



:KD


MZZ%0'HM-^BZM5S=G70CP\&HIVG4DH#H!0&(A(=ATH:1'C*_:P
%[TA.9
$



=$60%;M6:BCI)^3]+Y#
M@
](V LIYN(+YO$
A6/# E26





MCDQ25W#V1IFGK_PTN8L_?HO[F55TW)(W5YLL4SLX
(J  !HH1J0P7D8'L)IV
M7#LQ
K/4@?9?\JEKB'NK]7+UN38X8O]

M[%*I+TNZM(2TOQ) J=?#?K']F#19OVLZ
BHH%4VO]4Q@9WT*
^.V6JDYA#CG

+#NX$ZTW8U(K


M.H#R?58I0$82ZBW0%&+'.9?
[&5$UH_L
B)3SXVK%)R&ZO#SSY'T!!AF@63:


M0]WH
O\=K2
9JGWC6\3S;YX8LK5^O/-]B._ED_PO$&1%T\&I6D*_Y6.V2\


M!D;KNY-#0(ESTDH&&G=(2':@]B;-2FV_7GC1OV/R?*O8AU_WNW1C]F4@X.
M$YJP2':%XYHHL11$56NA4)#F=(L8\K:W \O2%:8#.8QK?PP7@#(2I3+VG$%!




MWR9_%ZLHW7(2E1MW!LN'+6IQ$DWCR(C\?#N-'A?BVFBSL_S60#5-!;*CZR@4
M!PP3_+2ID+OTO;T\_3WY%X-1RO]LC]*LG,:=+$HCI_3'Q@1G%
(:=3?37
M% *&59%; M.\Q


M


L_._E(?D0K



!F&[U^I7XB;I-UXH2W!( \
M0M1Q(Q&&#F-'F:BP 'QLC=^[HT;9%^0#6 3^2-$'TV(^+_TF=4S\8[:8W6WN



0
VYLAK*QZ_6P$HU

BEW4_-#Q]6O@
MNL/]POQJ8-N.C M08(2%CUM-0*/.+6I9]VCK K91IW-WM.BU8'6FS&I%;[=

CY9:6'#I#M
MBS7J^GJ;G#B97TUFUQ\69G(_BYYE;6.BH^-NK(VG!HD-%=(:BVEW*_Z3.;<


JF9G-*_ R/
9UR(%F[&J-=&N[=Z@12D2F^+E=P\MMYY/E



M^.=B=5]

EN;U7=D@*S*T_.K^(-N





W\2O;@M^ZS7IK:Z*B\5F

I\L'SY_G\]^;/_FT/IT
MTDL4-I@PX1-O7!8HR22C)KH!U9%FQWBBY[0KQ++AT*JEU&)![/
U=?TD_E



ML0^+Z3*5=;3%X[\_+-Z8
D=(UFA\$
HCAB%-#22!B+-+P;U#HDA6YM4 KU//


MAV.O@BZN$!#+2 Q$#$(!*[.^ZVTS8JF'J7_ W6JYYP[YI=NVN:U=6R_#F[
M+JZWJ?GQK^*3Q7)6GKHWK7M=D$H01CRB2&HIC=-0Z[VT
B\ !/SF-.L8_ O?

MV^?U;;$TY=W=;+U=)FHM-]Z/&$&&'&
/
M:!Y;_7)



X IAG'!U




!T:$KA3%@*
/!6$I\2;N&QHB2S&
MDG)&ATJ].EG:VF\W(5F=5H::@?'0#6#


LI%=B^93



M)Z

B;EHFDJ



M:52@'@

##CU






M;0]P3]SUG






OPL+MV#J
ND&2-PM#



M.(F*O_?I^ZW+.6

I''Y(0LG

H7W[\
_7M

 X[1CGH!$642JIA=2P




B7TR$(LLC7?@$DY^+8^
M
_SV$%&>SU?'CP9_?2JD\R_F-=6 .6P]4K8[;

MWP$
AC/GC+ L[OH1!HBXN-SMO]@14ZWB@&N)GWZIUWB/NP !FTP%QQ@P8SR
MQE&-I*]DT=-S/OL2*]' QA.0_2]!#!X9:(Y]





MTDL !$ 



MRGN=

K.^*'Y,&6G_]9$ 0
M2PNA1Y 0[R%V4=3]63,7.4?X SQ ZUCIV7CF1<\VT/C+YX(Q7%MG;%20*:8






XDD]#XZK


7!VEX)XN(&2DDAK

ME]!Z(2 10&AKS+:
$N#1VM&LPG2_VVW$
'1TP3GP./5_Q
].8SZ]WT5\OE

M=F\
E%/$&*:4(20 CK:7RCU&G(^LNG4^5?):
K2$O;]*!94TN\ L_?#'Y%_E

MUIXTT!=O/Y:+'Q^C

L1 !


] M*.C('=$^
DYK7&
MO2_FF?+NKEQLW:$&95M?/!NLU8Q0Q[Q1%.KA*TDLD+G5
M\=UQJ8VJ7Y5O
MS0.X[XN5_%Z06C










//):M7\]OC5J




D80,<<1BZAL=DB
V5Z
M/RRN9S]GUYO)O

[ULGD




);Y^4XEHPL;96=0-?^3$ZIU:I
?2N*NNY9
MKYX





W(/L/?IRYP)ZF&0K=MJ2VGI-8!!(#E$0+-Z1X!


M9G]-UD04




:J*(1IIR&;?/
M4499R44Y .
Z/#^7H6J+YQJ%3W_B[OG?_'KI[Z#LD72.Z  !,)R8H$#P%!C
M!$1




M%@+!%,2FN@_Q)_]?D92;T:6H9O[ ;L:85L3@V230*X7/R(^-W9XOOZ*:BA




FF?;:.\L$ PCM)=
:C^SXZ4Q:?UF6



M 2L2\9
LM:&P)LY*HFPEMP
\9]LWP.R5OFUD]QKHG7EO?7?M.4.#T0%QKJGQ


(
H
M98@3*PG;&WA!L_I@## %N6_#UP7FO?%I]XE_+E;WQ71V

M.J603T7ZX]2A?#]G!)







MN92E!+ 6NI(


601
M.$69P:*25U



MAM PJROYH--9=[
#



MB%U@WE]4T/UF.;V=K)YB#%Y^?8

*\B

M74)
W
C9U$;SK^K[=(EP;^O29K4N[]HPJF9DH$HC 2E2FIIHYKG58B^O
'AD







M'W$


9C;
M]..'A;I+L'Z^.3DFD(/\.0%LO,O!XKJ) &6K'DDR



M3&J


\WJ7KJQ]G/XCJEW:U7_UW

$)*&59=BRKG0%8(]N]TOW).U'N[/I[/RW^GLH#Q*VVY^;Z.$^1UZ
3A

M+7
O'PW$*@8 P0 IZ6G\&=(JID=QKK/2O =8M.3L?
H$N+?%Z_IGM/.S52/2
MO'XX8
H=8H :[J


R:('R^B2[DWFM<?2O5S<UL/HM'5O+
M&HP.@$BM84
.JZHD-2 O8\@N
G)8$6_Y9U YYBWSX=?E]._4@.6B&JZFE@_

-5&4J.%BDX!K!(S%?8P)[4-3_[EX^\
M6A0_TOQ_G\SJ1P-]K6B?[[?A2XL?'XO)JECYS7JS+/Z8+69WF[MJ[M@W S=/
M?$.PS$! *(=Q1DE*&&.ZDE]S(W)NG]#)9__O.GK]O



M





:XP*::\^52LO\9]R&K[
*C;Z2^):D#&Q)TV<
HRH1G':.]K *RZI.
M^X;@XLKH+QECM?Y\LQ7JA(./@X



M6SEO(Y1ZLDH9GD]E*S_?KQ^EW'L96]EJN=GB;8$3XQGR%J@XA2EB@CM735TB



 HGLWP^*Q=6\Y





V<#XX)
GI?P!NNHEDU&C(:?ZYDI
YF
M;9*&QYM

MP/1JEOI(8^] NZ]B_O(P[6V%V4P;LN3%DX%JK5-%74\!!L1&'SKYU8_R8)O5




M/!.O






M0NRA$A!G990
CS.YFX4%74:I.\S*HH#X3G4!MLTGZ+7I:FH91



MVA;=WEBT6V]??7GM'K=F9&!:2.R)]-!(*;6 FMA*7JW1R(*Z.M'\2S9UBO %
M#9LN%M/;N\GRK].MVR]# Q!842 H1$@K3Y4Q!E02
P-SSF
PQK5F@US




5JBB:_G&M.%W0ZU 7U



S&A

T1N
=].U8BY
MQJ8Y6L?'!@(5=QAC3[ P2L3IC


M?*!\K?5])FW*N^^SQ2


QP4L7$$B5]K^=8?=0


M IXYCY66C%&M$-V[E\3*'(=GH%TPAL?C\^ILP'G#Z3 K_L7JJEA^O8W*^W
Q


Q)FZD/9ZVU^^
R&!,4X)@BE



M^U-J**7*J4$ZH

?MVD21:
U^9'@B?O[SS=;K%:?-^O5



MWA

M%S_[[PXN@DV$09!Y3SV#R8^J

\SE!$146%)VGAFR!+)K
ML6;Z8=^/FTN*F@1K- O&B

I^0[9QM_






366FPLKFL]
MVKS$WV*J69R2+_?U'D+)5[J)QLA< #-HA6!@1?)=.CD=LE2WB@E2S!A0)_T
M/+379-F/'=Y'TNQ)@WBA(!(41GA%D%FJG:='R9FC9F-9G$6Y
(!GF7 O1;1R
MS8RMB=AF_WO+/&$A:B=U)Q\'$[:U1:UF)2VCCC7I5JZ9
1(BN0_&:TP#V6H0
MV
O



MR:G9UORY



XN




FG:=@=&0?/H(F]!\MBO]U*[G(#RFK-K5EN_
MRNAA&UFDVDD:.;$Q)IO3@Y$DQJ/

MG@:#(*1[-Q=H3COJG=1,VD^]
5/-TS%9KR3FI&E A2*DXIUQXZBXTCD3FQ


ME


MD+%DG!CEDSUJB?30FZ6!VISENN8DJO67ZQ6T-WE3\7R

N&3

MH7.:(6(



R
M0)2)(DA!
N^)#)(0FQ8XRX:=\\\5S] II=/#^X^M]AXIXU1
]=!;-
)P991D


MHU;I2TI-..6




J8'M?^.@7
.90R?/L
6[H=Q08]%P;P-S




M4




FU
  1

38Q
C
Q+GAS

