

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640313-16-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		100
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20160329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20160329
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Amplify Snack Brands
 INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001640313
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37530
		FILM NUMBER:		161536429
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 WEST 5TH STREET
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		847-982-9800
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 WEST 5TH STREET
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78701
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TA Holdings 1
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150422












		


WASHINGTON
December&#160;31
Amplify Snack Brands
&#32;Street
Austin
(Registrant&#8217;s Telephone number
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&#167;229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant
 based on the closing price of the shares of common stock on August 5
 2015 as reported by the New York Stock Exchange on such date was approximately $300.0 million.  The Registrant has elected to use August 5
 2015
 which was the initial trading date on the New York Stock Exchange
 as the calculation date because on June 30
 2015 (the last business day of the Registrant&#8217;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter)
 the Registrant was a privately held company.  Shares of the Registrant&#8217;s common stock held by each executive officer
As of March 22
 2016
 there were 74
843
470 outstanding shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock
Part III of this report incorporates information by reference from the definitive Proxy Statement to be filed within 120 days after the end of the Registrant's fiscal year ended December 31
AMPLIFY SNACK BRANDS
FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
Market for Registrant's Common Equity
Directors
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 or the Securities Act
 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 or the Exchange Act
 which statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance. In some cases
 you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;should
&#8221; &#8220;expects
&#8221; &#8220;plans
&#8221; &#8220;anticipates
&#8221; &#8220;could
&#8221; &#8220;intends
&#8221; &#8220;target
&#8221; &#8220;projects
&#8221; &#8220;contemplates
&#8221; &#8220;believes
&#8221; &#8220;estimates
&#8221; &#8220;predicts
&#8221; &#8220;potential&#8221; or &#8220;continue&#8221; or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations
 strategy
 plans or intentions. Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include
 but are not limited to
our future financial performance
 including our net sales
 cost of goods sold
 gross profit or gross profit margin
 operating expenses
our ability to maintain
changing trends
You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and prospects. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks
 uncertainties and other factors described in &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Moreover
 we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time
 and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We cannot assure you that the results
 events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur
 and actual results
 events
The forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events
 except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the plans
 intentions
 or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions
 mergers
 dispositions
Amplify Snack Brands
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively
 the Company 
we
 us and our) is a high growth
 snack food company focused on developing and marketing products that appeal to consumers&#8217; growing preference for Better-For-You (BFY) snacks.  Our BFY-focused snacking platform consists of two brands: SkinnyPop and Paqui.  Our anchor brand
 SkinnyPop is a rapidly growing
 highly profitable and market leading BFY ready-to-eat (RTE)
 popcorn brand.  Through its simple
 major allergen-free and non-GMO ingredients
 SkinnyPop embodies our BFY mission and has amassed a loyal and growing customer base across a wide range of food distribution channels in the United States.  In April 2015
 we acquired Paqui LLC (Paqui)
 an emerging BFY tortilla chip brand that has many of the same key taste and BFY attributes as SkinnyPop.  Paqui allows us to leverage our infrastructure to help us grow into an adjacent snacking sub-segment with a second innovative BFY brand.  We believe that our focus on building a portfolio of exclusively BFY snack brands differentiates us and will allow us to leverage our platform to realize material synergies across our family of BFY brands
On July 17
 2014
 SkinnyPop Popcorn LLC was acquired by investment funds affiliated with TA Associates
 L.P.
 a leading growth private equity firm (TA Associates).  This transaction is hereinafter referred to as the Sponsor Acquisition.  The business of SkinnyPop Popcorn LLC prior to the Sponsor Acquisition is hereinafter referred to as the Predecessor. The business of the Company and and its consolidated subsidiaries
 including SkinnyPop Popcorn LLC
In April 2015
 we acquired Paqui
 a BFY tortilla chip brand for approximately $11.9 million.  We may be required to pay additional earn-out consideration in 2019
 which is contingent upon the achievement of a defined contribution margin during 2018.  Refer to Note 3 in the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8
On August 4
 2015
 we completed our initial public offering (IPO) in which 15
000
000 common shares from the 75
000
000 common shares then issued
 were sold by selling stockholders to the public at a price of $18.00 per share.  We did not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares in this offering.  Refer to Note 1 in the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8
Our brands compete in the salty snack segment
 which includes products such as potato chips
 tortilla chips
 popcorn
 cheese snacks and pretzels.  In the United States
 BFY brands within the salty snack segment have recently experienced a higher rate of growth relative to the overall salty snack segment.  Growth in BFY snacks is driven by various factors
 including the increasing importance of snacking in many consumers' diets
 heightened awareness of the importance of a healthier diet
 coupled with increased understanding and focus on the importance of nutrition to long-term health and wellness.  Consumers are increasingly aware of their snacking choices
Our products are comprised of our cornerstone brand
 SkinnyPop
 and our recently acquired brand
SkinnyPop brand was created in 2010 and is one of the leading brands in the growing RTE popcorn category. SkinnyPop is cooked with three core ingredients: popcorn
 sunflower oil and salt.  The SkinnyPop portfolio is currently comprised of seven flavors: Original
 White Cheddar flavor
 Black Pepper and Sea Salt
 Naturally Sweet
 Dusted Dark Chocolate flavor
 Jalape&#241;o and Hatch Chile
 a seasonal offering.  We offer our products in a variety of bag sizes and pack types which are sold across all channels.  While the ingredients are simple
profile.  Additionally
 our SkinnyPop products are major allergen-free
 non-GMO
 gluten-free
 and artificial preservative-free
The Paqui brand was created in 2007 and acquired by us in 2015.  Paqui
 which is derived from the Aztec word that means &#8220;to be happy&#8221;
 produces tortilla chips that taste great but are also non-GMO
 gluten-free
 trans fats-free
 cholesterol-free and contain no MSG or artificial flavors.  Paqui currently offers six core flavors: Sea Salt Delights
 Nacho Cheese Especial
 Roasted Jalape&#241;o
 Grilled Habanero
 Very Verde Good and Haunted Ghost Pepper.  Paqui provides our entry point into the $4.7 billion tortilla chip sub-market
Given that we compete in the global snack category
 innovation is
 and will continue to be
 an important component of our growth strategy moving forward.  Our innovation strategy is based on our ongoing research into consumers&#8217; BFY snacking needs.  We will continue to conduct extensive consumer research in order to develop successful new products including product flavor and concept testing
We market our products predominantly throughout the United States to a variety of channels including natural and conventional grocery
 drug
 convenience
 club
 mass merchandise and a variety of alternative channels.  Our net sales breakdown by channel for the year ended December 31
 2015 was comparable to the year ended December 31
Our largest customer
 Costco Wholesale
 accounted for approximately 31% and 35% of our net sales for the year ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.  A second customer
 Sam&#8217;s Club
 an affiliate of Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc.
 accounted for 18% and 21% of our net sales for the year ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.  No other customer accounted for more than 10% of net sales during the years ended December 31
&#32;&#32;The majority of our natural grocery retailers
Our marketing organization is aligned by brand and is responsible for driving each brand&#8217;s growth through strategic planning.  As we continue to build out our brands
 we aim to create impactful marketing communication and activation to drive awareness
The principal ingredients to manufacture our products include popcorn kernels
 white corn
 sunflower oil
 canola oil and seasonings.  Our packaging supplies consists of flexible film
 cartons
 trays and pouches.  All of our raw materials are purchased according to rigorous standards to assure food quality and safety.  These raw materials are generally available in adequate quantities from numerous sources and are often contracted out three to twelve months.  We visit with major suppliers to procure competitively priced
&#32;&#32;We rely on independent manufacturers
 referred to as co-manufacturers in our industry
 to manufacture our products.  Outsourcing allows us to operate an asset-light business model and focus our efforts on innovation
food safety guidelines.  We believe our co-manufacturers have the capacity to meet our current and near-term supply needs.  We monitor capacity and performance of our manufacturing partners and will qualify alternate suppliers as needed.  We have two different arrangements with our co-manufacturers.  For the majority of our business
&#32;Our products are manufactured in facilities that have programs and controls in place regarding consistent quality and food safety.  Product attributes
 such as taste
 aroma
 texture and appearance are regularly monitored.  Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) and comprehensive Food Safety programs are designed to produce a safe
 wholesome product.  Our suppliers are required to have equally robust processes in place and confirm their compliance with product specifications with Letters of Guaranty and Certificates of Analysis for shipments of raw materials to be used in our Products.  Finally
We operate in a highly competitive environment and face competition in each of our product categories.  We have numerous competitors of varying sizes
 including manufacturers of private-label products
 as well as manufacturers of other branded food products
 that compete for trade merchandising support and consumer dollars.  We compete with large conventional consumer packaged foods companies such as Frito Lay
 Inc.
 a subsidiary of PepsiCo
 Inc.
 The Kellogg Company
 ConAgra Foods
 Inc.
 General Mills
 Inc. and Snyder&#8217;s-Lance
 Inc.  We also compete directly with smaller
 local or regional BFY snack companies including Popcorn Indiana and Angie&#8217;s as well as private-label products manufactured by retailers
Competitive factors in our industry include product quality and taste
 brand awareness and loyalty among consumers
 product variety
 ingredients
 interesting or unique product names
 innovation of on-trend snacks
 product packaging
 access to supermarket shelf space
 reputation
 price
 advertising
As of December 31
 2015
 we had 45 employees
 24 of whom are located in our Austin
 Texas headquarters
We believe that our intellectual property has substantial value and has contributed significantly to the success of our business.  Our primary trademarks include &#8220;SKINNYPOP&#8221;
 &#8220;SKINNYPACK&#8221;
 &#8220;THE BIG SKINNY&#8221; and &#8220;DON&#8217;T WORRY BE PAQUI&#8221;
 all of which are registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.  Our trademarks are valuable assets that reinforce the distinctiveness of our brand and our consumers&#8217; favorable perception of our products and brands.  Certain of our marks are also pending registration in Canada.  Our web content and the domain name
 www.amplifysnackbrands.com
 are owned by us and the content is copyright protected.  We also rely on unpatented proprietary expertise
 recipes and formulations
Along with our co-manufacturers
 brokers
 distributors and ingredients and packaging suppliers
 we are subject to extensive laws and regulations in the United States by federal
 state and local government authorities.  In the United States
 the federal agencies governing the manufacture
 distribution and advertising of our products include
 among others
 the FTC
 the FDA
 the USDA
 the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and similar state and local agencies.  Under various statutes
 these agencies
 among other things
 prescribe the requirements and establish the standards for quality and safety and regulate our marketing and advertising to consumers.  Certain of these agencies
 in certain circumstances
 must not only approve our products
 but also review the manufacturing processes and facilities used to produce these products before they can be marketed in the United States.  We are also subject to the laws of Canada
 including the Canadian Food Inspection Agency
We are subject to labor and employment laws
 laws governing advertising
 privacy laws
 safety regulations and other laws
 including consumer protection regulations that regulate retailers or govern the promotion and sale of merchandise. Our operations
 and those of our contract co-manufacturers
 distributors and suppliers
Our website is located at http://www.amplifysnackbrands.com
 and our investor relations website is located at http://investors.amplifysnackbrands.com/.  Copies of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 Current Reports on Form 8-K
 and amendments to these reports&#160;filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 or the Exchange Act
 are available
 free of charge
 on our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such material electronically with or furnish it to the Securities and Exchange Commission
 or the SEC.  The SEC also maintains a website that contains our SEC filings. The address of the site is http://www.sec.gov.  Further
 a copy of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is located at the SEC&#8217;s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 NE
 Washington
We webcast our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the investment community on our investor relations website.  Additionally
 we provide notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial performance
 including SEC filings
 investor events
 press and earnings releases
 and blogs as part of our investor relations website.  Amplify has used
 and intends to continue to use
 our investor relations website as means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with its disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Further corporate governance information
 including our certificate of incorporation
 bylaws
 governance guidelines
 board committee charters
 and code of business conduct and ethics
 is also available on our investor relations website under the heading &#8220;Corporate Governance.&#8221;  The contents of our websites are not intended to be incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC
Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below
 together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 including our consolidated financial statements and related notes. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business
 operating results
 financial condition
 or prospects and cause the value of our common stock to decline
We rely on sales to a limited number of distributors and retailers for the substantial majority of our net sales
A substantial majority of our sales are generated from a limited number of distributors and retailers
 which we refer to as customers.  For the year ended December 31
 2015
 sales to our two largest customers
 Costco and Sam&#8217;s Club
 represented approximately 31% and 18% of our net sales
 respectively.  In addition
 these two customers accounted for approximately 28% of our accounts receivable as of December 31
 2015.  Although the composition of our significant customers may vary from period to period
 we expect that most of our net sales and accounts receivable will continue to come from a relatively small number of customers for the foreseeable future.  We do not have commitments or minimum volumes that ensure future sales of our products to any of our customers. Consequently
 our financial results may fluctuate significantly from period to period based on the actions of one or more significant customers. A customer may take actions that affect us for reasons that we cannot always anticipate or control
 such as their financial condition
 changes in their business strategy or operations
 the introduction of competing products or the perceived quality of our products. In addition
 despite operating in different channels
 our retailers sometimes compete for the same consumers. As a result of actual or perceived conflicts resulting from this competition
 customers may take actions that negatively affect us. The loss of
 or a reduction in sales or anticipated sales to
 one or more of our most significant distributors or retailers may have a material adverse effect on our business
Further
 through our brand SkinnyPop
 we have relatively new relationships with some of the largest U.S. retail chains such as Walmart
 Target and CVS Pharmacy
 and these customers may find
 as they gain more experience selling our products
Almost all of our net sales for the year ended December 31
 2015 resulted from sales of our SkinnyPop products.  The majority of our SkinnyPop branded net sales came from a variety of stock-keeping-units
 or SKUs
 under our Original flavor.  Most of our secondary flavors
 White Cheddar Flavor
 Naturally Sweet
 Black Pepper and a rotational Hatch Chile flavored SKU
 were first introduced in late 2013 or 2014
 and Dusted Dark Chocolate and Jalape&#241;o
 were introduced in late 2015
 represent a relatively small portion of our sales.  We cannot be certain that we will be able to continue to commercialize or expand distribution of our existing flavors of popcorn products or that any of our future food products and flavors will be accepted in their markets.  Any inability on our part to stay current with food and consumer trends through new products could have a material adverse effect on our business performance.  Because sales of our SkinnyPop products make up all of our historical profitability and cash flows
 reductions in sales of these products will have an adverse effect on our profitability and ability to generate cash to fund our product development
The following factors
 among others
changes in consumer eating and snacking habits
 including trends away from certain categories
 including major allergen-free
any changes in government policies and practices related to our products
regulatory developments affecting the manufacturing
 labeling
Currently
 the substantial majority of our SkinnyPop products are produced by one third-party co-manufacturer
 which maintains only one facility for all of its customers.  Our agreement with our primary third-party co-manufacturer provides that we will order a minimum amount of products each year during the agreement&#8217;s term.  If we do not meet the minimum order amount
 we must pay a penalty fee if such third-party co-manufacturer is no longer our exclusive manufacturer.  The agreement may be terminated by us upon written notice and the payment of a termination fee.  There can be no assurance that the third-party co-manufacturer's capacity will be sufficient to fulfill our orders
 and while we recently added an additional co-manufacturer
 any supply shortfall could materially and adversely affect our business
Additionally
 we face the risk of disruption to our production and sales processes if our primary third-party co-manufacturer is unable or unwilling to produce sufficient quantities of our products in a timely manner or renew contracts with us or suffers a natural disaster
 fire
 power interruption
 work stoppage or other unanticipated catastrophic event.  In addition
 we are responsible for any increase in either of our third-party co-manufacturers' costs and may not be able to pass these costs on to our customers.  In order to continue manufacturing our products in the event of a disruption to our production and sales processes
 we would have to increase our reliance on our other third-party co-manufacturer or identify and qualify new manufacturers
 including obtaining third party certifications for claims
 which we may be unable to do in a timely manner
From time to time
 we need to seek new manufacturers or enter into new arrangements with our existing manufacturers.  However
 only a limited number of manufacturers may&#160;have the ability to produce our products at the volumes we need
 and it could take a significant period of time to locate and qualify such alternative production sources.  Moreover
 it may be difficult or expensive to find manufacturers to produce small volumes of our new products.  Manufacturers may impose minimum order requirements and any failure on our part to meet these requirements could increase our costs.  There can also be no assurance that we would be able to identify and qualify new manufacturers in a timely manner or that such manufacturers could allocate sufficient capacity in order to meet our requirements
 which could materially adversely affect our ability to make timely deliveries of product.  In addition
 we may be unable to negotiate pricing or other terms with our existing or new manufacturers as favorable as what we currently enjoy.  Furthermore
Given our primary third-party co-manufacturer operates from a single site
 shipments to and from the warehouses where our products are stored could be delayed for a variety of reasons
 including weather conditions
 strikes and shipping delays. Any significant delay in the shipments of product would have a material adverse effect on our business
We rely
 in part
Our third-party co-manufacturers are required to maintain the quality of our products and to comply with our product specifications and requirements for certain certifications. Our third-party co-manufacturer are also required to comply with all federal
 state and local laws with respect to food safety. Additionally
 certain retail customers
 such as Costco
 require our third-party co-manufacturers to maintain minimum independent certifications
 such as SQF Level 2 Certification or Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points (HACCP)
 certification. However
 our third-party co-manufacturers may not continue to produce products that are consistent with our standards or that are in compliance with required certification programs or applicable laws
 and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to identify instances in which our third-party co-manufacturers fail to comply with such programs or laws. Any such failure
 particularly if it is not identified by us
 could harm our brand and reputation as well as our customer relationships. We would have these same issues with any new co-manufacturer
 and they may be exacerbated due to the newness of the relationship. The failure of any manufacturer to produce products that conform to our standards could materially and adversely affect our reputation in the marketplace and result in product recalls
Our customers do not provide us with firm
 long-term or short-term volume purchase commitments. As a result of the absence of such contracts
 we could have periods during which we have no or limited orders for our products
 but we will continue to have to pay our costs
 including those to maintain our work force and service our indebtedness with reduced sales. We cannot assure you that we will be able to timely find new customers to supplement periods where we experience no or limited purchase orders or that we can recover fixed costs as a result of experiencing reduced purchase orders. Periods of no or limited purchase orders for our products could have a material adverse effect on our net income
Conversely
Because we rely on a limited number of raw materials to create our products and a limited number of third-party suppliers to supply our raw materials
 we may not be able to obtain raw materials on a timely basis
The principal ingredients to manufacture our products include popcorn kernels
 white corn
 sunflower oil
 canola oil and seasonings.  There may be a limited market supply of any of our core ingredients
 including in particular the specific popcorn kernel we use.  In addition to the market limitations of the raw materials used to make our products
 we rely on a limited number of third-party suppliers to supply us with such raw materials.  Although we have multiple suppliers for our popcorn seasoning
 we have two suppliers for the sunflower oil and two key suppliers for the popcorn kernels used in our products.  As of December 31
 2015
 one vendor accounted for approximately 36% of our accounts payable.  Any ordering error on our part or disruption in the supply of sunflower oil
 popcorn kernels in general
 or our specific type of popcorn kernel
 could have a material adverse effect on our business
 particularly our profitability and our margins.  Our financial performance depends in large part on our ability to arrange for the purchase of raw materials in sufficient quantities at competitive prices.  We are not assured of continued supply
 pricing or exclusive access to raw materials from these sources.  Any of our suppliers could discontinue or seek to alter their relationships with us. Additionally
 we may be adversely affected if there are increases in demand for the specific raw materials we use in our products
 there is a reduction in overall supply of our required raw materials or our suppliers raise their prices
Events that adversely affect our suppliers could impair our ability to obtain raw material inventory in the quantities that we desire. Such events include problems with our suppliers&#8217; businesses
 finances
 labor relations
 ability to import raw materials
 costs
 production
 insurance
 reputation and weather conditions during growing
 harvesting or shipping
 including flood
 drought
 frost and earthquakes
If we experience significant increased demand for our products
 or need to replace an existing supplier
 there can be no assurance that additional supplies of raw materials will be available when required on acceptable terms
 or at all
 or that any supplier would allocate sufficient capacity to us in order to meet our requirements
 fill our orders in a timely manner or meet our strict quality standards. Even if our existing suppliers are able to expand their capacities to meet our needs or we are able to find new sources of raw materials
 we may encounter delays in production
 inconsistencies in quality and added costs. We are not able to pass increased costs onto the customer immediately
 if at all
 which may decrease or eliminate our profitability in any period. Any delays or interruption in
 or increased costs of
As a food production company
 all of our products must be compliant with regulations by the Food and Drug Administration
 or FDA
 and in addition a number of our products rely on independent certification that they are non-GMO
We must comply with various FDA rules and regulations
 including those regarding product manufacturing
 food safety
 required testing and appropriate labeling of our products. It is possible that regulations by the FDA and its interpretation thereof may change over time. As such
 there is a risk that our products could become non-compliant with the FDA&#8217;s regulations and any such non-compliance could harm our business. In addition
 we rely on independent certification of our non-GMO
 gluten-free and Kosher products and must comply with the requirements of independent organizations or certification authorities in order to label our products as such. Currently
 the FDA does not directly regulate the labeling of Kosher or non-GMO products as such. The FDA has defined the term &#8220;gluten-free&#8221; and we must comply with the FDA&#8217;s definition if we include this label on our products. Our products could lose their non-GMO and gluten-free certifications if our raw material suppliers lose their product certifications for those specified claims. We could also lose our Kosher product certification if a contract manufacturing plant is found to be in violation of required manufacturing or cleaning processes. The loss of any of these independent certifications
 including for reasons outside of our control
We must expend resources to create consumer awareness
 build brand loyalty and generate interest in our products. In addition
 competitors may offer significant price reductions
Our ability to develop
 market and sell new and existing products at an appropriate price may be hampered by unfavorable terms of sale imposed by our customers
 the inability to obtain shelf space or preferable shelf placement for our products at a reasonable cost or
 once placed
 the failure to have an attractive price set for our products. Competitors
 many of whom have greater resources than us
 vie for the same shelf placement and may offer incentives to the retailers that we cannot match. In addition
Even if we do obtain shelf space or preferable shelf placement
 our new and existing products may fail to achieve the sales expectations set by our retailers
 potentially causing these retailers to remove our products from the shelf. Additionally
 an increase in the number and quality of private-label products in the product categories in which we compete could create more pressure for shelf space and placement for branded products within each such category
To obtain and keep shelf placement for our products
 we may need to increase our marketing and advertising spending in order to create consumer awareness
 protect and grow our existing market share or to promote new products
 which could impact our operating results. In addition
 we consistently evaluate our product lines to determine whether or not to discontinue certain products. Discontinuing product lines may increase our profitability but could reduce our sales and hurt our brand
Ingredient and packaging costs are volatile and may rise significantly
We purchase large quantities of raw materials
 including ingredients such as popcorn kernels
 white corn
 sunflower oil
 canola oil
 seasonings and salt.  In addition
 we purchase and use significant quantities of film and corrugate to package our products.  In recent periods
 the prices of yellow corn (which impacts the price of popcorn kernels)
 white corn
 canola oil
have realized some benefits from these low prices in the form of reduced cost of goods sold and resulting higher gross profit margins.  Costs of ingredients and packaging are volatile and can fluctuate due to conditions that are difficult to predict
 including global competition for resources
 weather conditions
 natural or man-made disasters
 consumer demand and changes in governmental trade and agricultural programs.  In particular
 the availability
 quality and cost of our specific type of popcorn kernels and sunflower oil are subject to risks inherent to farming
 such as crop size
 quality and yield fluctuations caused by poor weather and growing conditions
We currently secure raw materials capacity and pricing for up to three years forward on certain raw materials and not more than a year forward on other raw materials.  We do not hedge pricing or availability of any raw materials.  As such
 any material upward movement in raw materials pricing could negatively impact our margins
 if we are not able to pass these costs on to our customers
 or sales if we are forced to increase our prices. Additionally
 should raw materials prices move meaningfully lower
 there is no guarantee our customers will not ask us to pass some or all of our savings on to them in the form of price reductions. If we are not successful in managing our ingredient and packaging costs
 if we are unable to increase our prices to cover increased costs or if such price increases reduce our sales volumes
 then such increases in costs will adversely affect our business
Certain of our raw material contracts have minimum purchase commitments that could require us to continue to purchase raw materials even if our sales have declined. Future raw material prices may be impacted by new laws or regulations
 suppliers&#8217; allocations to other purchasers
 interruptions in production by suppliers
 natural disasters
Our future business
Our ability to ensure a continuing supply of our core ingredients at competitive prices depends on many factors beyond our control
 such as the number and size of farms that grow crops
 the vagaries of these farming businesses (including poor harvests)
 changes in national and world economic conditions and our ability to forecast our ingredient requirements.  The popcorn kernels and other ingredients used in our products are vulnerable to adverse weather conditions and natural disasters
 such as floods
 droughts
 frosts
 earthquakes
 hurricanes and pestilences.  Adverse weather conditions and natural disasters can lower crop yields and reduce crop size and quality
 which in turn could reduce the available supply of our core ingredients.  In addition
 we compete with other food producers in the procurement of ingredients
 such as sunflower oil
 which are often less plentiful in the open market than conventional ingredients.  If supplies of our core ingredients are reduced or there is greater demand for such ingredients from us and others
 we may not be able to obtain sufficient supply on favorable terms
 or at all
 which could impact our ability to supply products to distributors and retailers and may adversely affect our business
We currently rely on third-party transportation providers for a significant portion of our product shipments. Our utilization of delivery services for shipments is subject to risks
 including increases in fuel prices
 which would increase our shipping costs
 and employee strikes and inclement weather
 which may impact the ability of providers to provide delivery services that adequately meet our shipping needs. We may
 from time to time
 change third-party transportation providers
 and we could therefore face logistical difficulties that could adversely affect deliveries. In addition
 we could incur costs and expend resources in connection with such change. Moreover
 we may not be able to obtain terms as favorable as those we receive from the third-party transportation providers that we currently use
Severe weather conditions and natural disasters such as fires
 floods
 droughts
 hurricanes
 earthquakes and tornadoes can affect crop supplies
 manufacturing facilities and distribution activities
Severe weather conditions and natural disasters
 such as fires
 floods
 droughts
 frosts
 hurricanes
 earthquakes
 tornadoes
 insect infestations and plant disease
 may affect the supply of raw materials on which we depend to make food products
 or may curtail or prevent the manufacturing or distribution of food products by us. Competing manufacturers might be affected differently by weather conditions and natural disasters
reduced
 we may not be able to find enough supplemental supply sources on favorable terms
Changes in consumer preferences and discretionary spending may have a material adverse effect on our brand loyalty
 net sales
We compete in a market that relies on innovation and evolving consumer preferences. We focus on products that are or are perceived to be BFY
 an industry term not defined by the Food and Drug Administration. However
 the food processing industry in general
 and the snacking and dietary-need specific industries (including the Kosher
 major allergen-free and gluten-free industries) in particular
 are subject to changing consumer trends
 demands and preferences. Therefore
 products once considered BFY may over time become disfavored by consumers or no longer perceived as BFY. Trends within the food industry change often and our failure to anticipate
 identify or react to changes in these trends could
 among other things
 lead to reduced demand and price reductions
 and could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition. Factors that may affect consumer perception of BFY products include dietary trends and attention to different nutritional aspects of foods
 concerns regarding the health effects of specific ingredients and nutrients
 trends away from gluten-free or non-GMO products
 trends away from specific ingredients in products and increasing awareness of the environmental and social effects of product production. Consumer perceptions of the nutritional profile of gluten-free and non-GMO products may shift
 and consumers may perceive food products with fewer carbohydrates
 higher levels of protein
 lower levels of fat and additional fiber as BFY. Our success depends
 in part
 on our ability to anticipate the tastes and dietary habits of consumers and to offer products that appeal to their needs and preferences on a timely and affordable basis. A change in consumer discretionary spending
 due to economic downturn or other reasons may have a material effect on sales. If consumer demand for our products decline
The market for snack foods is large and intensely competitive. Competitive factors in the snack food industry include product quality and taste
 brand awareness among consumers
 access to supermarket shelf space
 price
 advertising and promotion
 innovation of on-trend snacks
 variety of snacks offered
 nutritional content
 product packaging and package design. We compete in that market principally on the basis of product taste and quality
 but also brand recognition and loyalty
 marketing
 advertising
 price and the ability to satisfy specific consumer dietary needs (including Kosher
 major allergen-free and gluten-free needs) against numerous multinational
 regional and local companies. Substantial advertising and promotional expenditures may be required to maintain or improve a brand&#8217;s market position or to introduce a new product to the market
 and participants in our industry are engaging with new media
 including consumer outreach through social media and web-based channels. Our ability to compete may be also dependent on whether our products are placed in the BFY snack aisle or in the traditional snack food aisle
A substantial majority of sales in the snack food industry is concentrated among large food companies
 including Frito-Lay
 Inc.
 a subsidiary of PepsiCo
 Inc.
 The Kellogg Company
 ConAgra Foods
 Inc.
 Diamond Foods
 Inc.
 General Mills
 Inc.
 Snyder&#8217;s-Lance
 Inc. and others that have substantially greater financial and other resources than us and sell brands that are more widely recognized than ours. These and numerous other companies that are actual or potential competitors of ours
 many of which have greater financial and other resources (including more employees and more extensive facilities) than us
 offer products similar to ours or a wider range of products than we offer. Local or regional markets often have significant smaller competitors
 many of whom offer products similar to ours and may have unique ties to regional or national retail chains. Additionally
 many of our retail customers
 such as Costco and Whole Foods
 have historically emphasized private-label offerings across categories as a key part of their strategy and these customers may create or expand competitive RTE popcorn and tortilla chip private-label offerings. With expansion of our operations into new markets
 we have and will continue to encounter significant competition from multinational
 national
 regional and local competitors that may be greater than that encountered by us in our existing markets. In addition
All of our sales involve the sale of BFY snack food products
All of our sales involve the sale of products designed to be BFY snack food options. While BFY snack food products are currently popular and sales of such products have been increasing rapidly
interested in BFY snack food products. Consumers may in the future choose to purchase other products that they perceive to be BFY or more &#8220;trendy&#8221; at a future time. Consumers may prefer products with fewer carbohydrates
 higher levels of protein
 lower levels of certain nutrients including fat
 additional fiber or different nutritional characteristics that do not favor our products or RTE popcorn in general. In addition
 our business could be adversely affected if larger
 well-capitalized companies elect to either enter into the healthier snack food space or competed in irrational ways that could damage our margins
 or if lower-priced private-label products gain market share. We also face the risk that competitors may significantly improve the taste and quality of the BFY snack foods they sell that are competitive with our products. Additionally
 we face the risk our retail customers may request or require our products to deliver certain new &#8220;on trend&#8221; attributes in our products
Our reputation as a producer of BFY products may be diminished due to real or perceived quality or health issues with our products or a change in consumers&#8217; perception of what is BFY itself
We believe consumers of our products rely on us to provide them with high-quality
 BFY food products containing no GMOs
 gluten or major allergens.  Concerns regarding the ingredients used in our products or the healthfulness
 safety or quality of our products or our supply chain may cause consumers to stop purchasing our products
 even if the basis for the concern is unfounded
 has been addressed or is outside of our control.  Although we believe we have a rigorous quality control process
 there can be no assurance that our products will always comply with the standards we set for our products.  Adverse publicity about the healthfulness
 safety or quality of our products
 whether or not ultimately based on fact
 may discourage consumers from buying our products and have an adverse effect on our brand
We have no control over our products once purchased by consumers.  Accordingly
 consumers may store our products for long periods of time
 which may adversely affect the quality of our products.  If consumers do not perceive our products to be of high quality
 then the value of our brand would be diminished
 and our business
Any loss of confidence on the part of consumers in the ingredients used in our products or in the safety and quality of our products may be difficult and costly to overcome.  Any such adverse effect could be exacerbated by our position in the market as a purveyor of high-quality
 BFY food products and may significantly reduce our brand value.  Issues regarding the safety of any of our products
 regardless of the cause
 may have a substantial and adverse effect on our brand
Our SkinnyPop brand is of significant value and our brand and reputation may be diminished due to possible consumer disagreement with the use of the word &#8220;Skinny&#8221; on our product
 differences in opinion as to what products are &#8220;Skinny&#8221; or increased negative connotation with the word &#8220;Skinny&#8221;.  We may be subject to claims or litigation concerning our branding or labeling practices.  Food product companies are
 from time to time
 subject to class action lawsuits related their branding or labeling.  In 2014
 we settled one such lawsuit for a nominal amount.  Related or similar claims or lawsuits may be brought against us in the future.  Additionally
 changes in applicable laws or regulations
 or evolving interpretations thereof
 could necessitate changes to our branding or labeling.  While we have never claimed that SkinnyPop is a low fat product
 the FDA and FTC currently have no definition of the word &#8220;Skinny&#8221; and could
 in the future
Consumers&#8217; loyalty to our SkinnyPop and Paqui brands may change due to factors beyond our control
Our business currently depends in a large part on repeat purchases by the same consumers. We believe this purchasing pattern is indicative of brand loyalty. However
 these consumers are under no obligation to continue to repeatedly purchase our product and could stop purchasing our product at any time. These consumers could cease purchasing our product for any number of reasons
 some of which are beyond our control
 including changing consumer trends
 negative publicity regarding our brand
 real or perceived quality or health issues with our products
 a change in consumers&#8217; perception of BFY
 or the availability of lower priced alternative snack products
We are subject to competition from companies
 including from some of our customers
 that either currently manufacture or are developing products directly in competition with our products.  These generic or store-branded products may be a less expensive option for consumers than our products making it more difficult to sell our product.  For example
 Costco is well known for its Kirkland Signature brand
 which offers high-quality products across a variety of categories at lower price points than many branded products.  The development of competing Kirkland Signature products may cause Costco to decrease their orders of our products
 require us to reduce the pricing of our products or drive Costco to change the shelf placement of our products in a detrimental way.  Kroger
 one of our largest customers
 already competes with us through their Simple Truth RTE popcorn brand.  Similarly
 other large retail customers could follow similar private-label strategies.  In future years
 we may experience competition-induced pricing pressure from our customers due to such competition
If our brand or reputation is damaged
 the attractive characteristics that we offer retailers may diminish
We are currently an attractive brand for our customers because our products generate a high level of retail sales at a premium margin relative to their shelf space. This is due to both our premium price point and our sales velocity. If our brand or reputation is damaged for any reason
 consumers may no longer be willing to pay a premium price for our products and we may no longer be able to generate a high sales velocity at our then-current prices. If we no longer offer these characteristics
 customers may decrease their orders of our products and downgrade the in-store placement of our products
Our gross profit and Adjusted EBITDA margins may be impacted by a variety of factors
 including but not limited to variations in raw materials pricing
 retail customer requirements and mix
We have operated our company with strong gross profit and Adjusted EBITDA margins as compared to other food and snacking companies.  While we expect our gross profit to increase in absolute dollars in future periods
 we expect that our gross profit as a percentage of net sales has and will fluctuate and has and may decrease as a result of the competitive and other factors described herein. Our gross profit is impacted by a number of factors
 including product pricing
 raw material
 labor
 packaging and fuel costs. Should the competitive dynamic change in our industry (which could impact our margins through forces including but not limited to requiring us to alter our pricing strategy or requiring additional promotional activity)
 raw materials prices increase dramatically
 or any of our customer relationships change materially
 then we may not be able to continue to operate at our current margins. Additionally
 should unforeseen events require our company to make significant and unplanned investments in additional infrastructure or marketing activities
We sell products for human consumption
 which involves risks such as product contamination or spoilage
 product tampering
 other adulteration
 mislabeling and misbranding. Under certain circumstances
 we may be required to
 or may voluntarily
 recall or withdraw products. A widespread product recall or product withdrawal may negatively and significantly impact our sales and profitability for a period of time and could result in significant losses depending on the costs of the recall
 the destruction of product inventory
 product availability
 competitive reaction and customer and consumer reaction. We may also be subject to claims or lawsuits resulting in liability for actual or claimed injuries
 illness or death. Any of these events may result in a material adverse effect on our business. Even if a product liability claim or lawsuit is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued
 the negative publicity surrounding any assertion that our products caused illness or physical harm could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential customers and consumers and our corporate and brand image. Moreover
 claims or liabilities of this sort might not be covered by our insurance or by any rights of indemnity or contribution that we may have against others. We maintain product liability insurance in an amount that we believe to be adequate. However
 we cannot be sure that we will not incur claims or liabilities for which we are not insured or that exceed the amount of our insurance coverage. A product liability judgment against us or a product recall could have a material adverse effect on our business
 consolidated financial condition
From time to time
 we may be party to various claims and litigation proceedings. We evaluate these claims and litigation proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate
 if possible
 the amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments and estimates
 we establish reserves
For example
 in 2014
 a putative class action lawsuit was filed against our Predecessor related to the compliance of its product labels with various state and federal laws. The case settled for a nominal amount and was later dismissed with prejudice in July 2014 after SkinnyPop Popcorn LLC updated its product labels. From time to time
 we have received threats by plaintiffs&#8217; attorneys to bring similar class action lawsuits related to other alleged product label claims
There is an additional risk that these types of suits may lead to consumer confusion
 distrust and additional legal challenges for companies faced with them. Should we become subject to related or additional unforeseen lawsuits
 including claims related to our products or their labeling or advertising
 consumers may avoid purchasing our products or seek alternative products
 even if the basis for the claims against us is unfounded. Additionally
 adverse publicity about any lawsuit in which we are involved may further discourage consumers from buying our products. Any loss of confidence on the part of consumers in the truthfulness of our labeling or ingredient claims would be difficult and costly to overcome and may significantly reduce our brand value. Uncertainty as to the ingredients used in our products
 regardless of the cause
 may have a substantial and adverse effect on our brand and our business
 results of operations and financial condition. In addition
We have also been a party to several claims and proceedings in both the US Patent and Trademark Office and federal court regarding competitors&#8217; attempted or actual infringement of the &#8220;SKINNYPOP&#8221; trademark.  Each of these proceedings has resulted in a resolution whereby the competitor has expressly acknowledged our exclusive trademark rights to use &#8220;SKINNY&#8221; with respect to popcorn products. In some instances
 however
 we have expressly acknowledged the competitor&#8217;s rights to the term &#8220;SKINNY&#8221; with respect to non-popcorn snack foods.  Additional matters may continue to arise from time to time where other competitors use the term &#8220;SKINNY&#8221; to refer to their products
Our ability to compete effectively depends in part upon protection of our rights in trademarks
 trade dress
 copyrights and other intellectual property rights we own or license. Our use of contractual provisions
 confidentiality procedures and agreements
 and trademark
 copyright
 unfair competition
 trade secret and other laws to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights may not be adequate. We may not be able to preclude third parties from using the term &#8220;SKINNY&#8221; with respect to food or beverage products
 and may not be able to leverage our branding beyond our current product offerings. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights and protect our proprietary information
 or to defend against claims by third parties that our products or our use of intellectual property infringe their intellectual property rights. Any litigation or claims brought by or against us could result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources. A successful claim of trademark
 copyright or other intellectual property infringement against us could prevent us from providing our products
 which could harm our business
 financial condition or results of operations. In addition
 a breakdown in our internal policies and procedures may lead to an unintentional disclosure of our proprietary
 confidential or material non-public information
 which could in turn harm our business
We may not be successful in implementing our growth strategy
 including without limitation
 enhancing our brand recognition
 increasing distribution of our products
 attracting new consumers to our brands
 and introducing new products and product extensions
Our future success depends in large part on our ability to implement our growth strategy
 including without limitation
 enhancing our brand recognition
 increasing distribution of our products
 attracting new consumers to our brands
 driving repeat purchase of our products and introducing new products and product extensions.  Our ability to implement our growth strategy depends
 among other things
 on our ability to develop new products
 identify and acquire additional product lines and businesses
 secure shelf space in grocery stores and supermarkets
 increase customer awareness of our brands
 enter into distribution and other strategic arrangements with third-party retailers and other potential distributors of our products and compete with numerous other companies and products.  In late 2014 and early 2015
 SkinnyPop achieved significant distribution gains with some of the largest U.S. retail chains
 including Walmart
 Target and CVS Pharmacy. We cannot provide assurances to you that these customers will achieve performances comparable to our more seasoned retail customers nor that we will continue to expand retail distribution by adding more retail locations or SKU varieties as we have done with several other key customers in the past. We also cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully implement our growth strategy and continue to maintain growth in our sales. If we fail to implement our growth strategy
On April 17
 2015
 we acquired Paqui. In addition
 we plan to selectively pursue acquisitions in the future
 to continue to grow and increase our profitability. Our acquisition strategy is based on identifying and acquiring brands with products that complement our existing products and identifying and acquiring brands in new categories and in new geographies for purposes of expanding our platform of healthier snacks. However
 although we regularly evaluate multiple acquisition candidates
 we cannot be certain that we will be able to successfully identify suitable acquisition candidates
 negotiate acquisitions of identified candidates on terms acceptable to us
Acquisitions involve numerous risks and uncertainties
 including intense competition for suitable acquisition targets
 which could increase prices and/or adversely affect our ability to consummate deals on favorable or acceptable terms
 the potential unavailability of financial resources necessary to consummate acquisitions in the future
 the risk that we improperly value and price a target
 the potential inability to identify all of the risks and liabilities inherent in a target company notwithstanding our due diligence efforts
 the diversion of management&#8217;s attention from the operations of our business and strain on our existing personnel
 increased leverage due to additional debt financing that may be required to complete an acquisition
 dilution of our stockholder&#8217;s net current book value per share if we issue additional equity securities to finance an acquisition
In addition
 any future acquisitions may pose risks associated with entry into new geographic markets
 including outside the United States
 distribution channels
 lines of business or product categories
 where we may not have significant or any prior experience and where we may not be as successful or profitable as we are in businesses and geographic regions where we have greater familiarity and brand recognition. Potential acquisitions may also entail significant transaction costs and require a significant amount of management time
In addition
 even when acquisitions
 such as the acquisition of Paqui
 are completed
 integration of acquired entities can involve significant difficulties
 such as failure to achieve financial or operating objectives with respect to an acquisition
 strain on our personnel
 systems and operational and managerial controls and procedures
 the need to modify systems or to add management resources
 difficulties in the integration and retention of customers or personnel and the integration and effective deployment of operations or technologies
 amortization of acquired assets (which would reduce future reported earnings)
 possible adverse short-term effects on cash flows or operating results
 diversion of management&#8217;s attention from the operations of our business
 integrating personnel with diverse backgrounds and organizational cultures
The food industry and retailers in the grocery industry use new products as a way of creating excitement and variety of choices in order to attract consumers. Therefore
 a key element of our growth strategy is to introduce new products and to successfully innovate our existing products and to keep up with changing consumer tastes and trends. Success in product development is affected by our ability to anticipate consumer preferences
 to leverage our research and development capabilities
The development and introduction of new products requires substantial research and development and marketing expenditures
 which we may be unable to recover if the new products do not achieve commercial success and gain widespread market acceptance. Product innovation may also result in increased costs resulting from the use of new manufacturing techniques
 capital expenditures
 new raw materials and ingredients
 new product formulas and possibly new manufacturers. There may also be regulatory restrictions on the production and advertising of our new products
 and our new products may cannibalize sales of our existing products. In addition
Further
 new products may not achieve success in the marketplace
 due to lack of demand
 failure to meet consumer tastes or otherwise. If we are unsuccessful in our product innovation efforts and demand for our products declines
Additionally
 we do not have exclusive rights to the term &#8220;SKINNY&#8221; and therefore other companies in the food and beverage categories could use the term
Slotting fees and customer charges or charge-backs for promotion allowances
 cooperative advertising and damaged
Retailers in the grocery industry charge slotting fees for access to shelf space and often enter into promotional and advertising arrangements with manufacturers that result in the sharing of promotional and advertising costs among the retail customer
 distributor or manufacturer. As the retail grocery industry has consolidated and become more competitive
 retail customers have sought greater participation by manufacturers in cooperative promotional and advertising arrangements
 and are more inclined to pass on unanticipated increases in promotional and advertising costs to manufacturers. Additionally
 retailers are exhibiting a greater willingness to take deductions for damaged
 undelivered and unsold products or to return unsold products to manufacturers. If we are charged significant and unanticipated promotional allowances or advertising charges by retail customers
 or if our customers take substantial charge-backs or return material amounts of our products
 the operating results and liquidity of our business could be harmed
 perhaps substantially. Moreover
 an unresolved disagreement with a retail customer concerning promotional allowances
 advertising charges
 charge-backs or returns could significantly disrupt or cause the termination of a customer relationship
 immediately reducing our sales and liquidity. Because of the limited number of retail customers in the U.S. grocery market
Changes in retail distribution arrangements can result in the temporary loss of retail shelf space and disrupt sales of food products
From time to time
 retailers change distribution centers that supply some of their retail stores. If a new distribution center has not previously distributed our products in that region
 it may take time to get a retailer&#8217;s distribution center to begin distributing new products in its region. Even if a retailer approves the distribution of products in a new region
 product sales may decline while the transition in distribution takes place. If we do not get approval to have our products offered in a new distribution region or if getting this approval takes longer than anticipated
Fluctuations in our results of operations from quarter to quarter because of changes in our promotional activities may impact
 and may have a disproportionate effect on
Our business is subject to quarterly fluctuations due to the timing of and demand for customer-driven promotional activities
 which may have a disproportionate effect on our results of operations.  Historically
 we have offered a variety of sales and promotion incentives to our customers and to consumers
 such as price discounts
 consumer coupons
 volume rebates
 cooperative marketing programs
While we expect our net sales to increase in absolute dollars in future periods
 we expect that our net sales growth rate will not keep pace with our net sales growth rate in prior periods
Many aspects of our business have been
 and may continue to be
 directly affected by the rising cost of fuel. Increased fuel costs result in increased costs for the products and services we receive from our third-party providers including
 but not limited to
 increased distribution costs for our products and increased packaging costs. As the cost of doing business increases
 we may not be able to pass these higher costs on to our customers and
 therefore
 any such cost increases may adversely affect our earnings. In addition
Changes in the legal and regulatory environment could limit our business activities
 increase our operating costs
The conduct of our businesses
 including the production
 storage
 distribution
 sale
 display
 advertising
 marketing
 labeling
 health and safety practices
 transportation and use of many of our products
 are subject to various laws and regulations administered by federal
 state and local governmental agencies in the United States
 as well as to laws and regulations administered by government entities and agencies outside the United States in markets in which our products or components thereof (such as packaging) may be made
 manufactured or sold. These laws and regulations and interpretations thereof may change
 sometimes dramatically
 as a result of a variety of factors
 including political
laws and programs aimed at reducing
increased regulatory scrutiny of
 and increased litigation involving
 product claims and concerns regarding the effects on health of ingredients in
 or attributes of
taxation requirements
New laws
 regulations or governmental policy and their related interpretations
 or changes in any of the foregoing
 including taxes or other limitations on the sale of our products
 ingredients contained in our products or commodities used in the production of our products
 may alter the environment in which we do business and
 therefore
Loss of our key management or other personnel
 or an inability to attract and retain such management and other personnel
Our success is substantially dependent on the continued service of certain members of our senior management
 including Thomas Ennis
 our Chief Executive Officer (CEO); and Brian Goldberg
 our Chief Financial Officer (CFO). These executives have been primarily responsible for determining the strategic direction of our business and for executing our growth strategy and are integral to our brand and culture
 and the reputation we enjoy with suppliers
 contract manufacturers
 distributors
 retailers and consumers.  The loss of the services of any of these executives could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects
 as we may not be able to find suitable individuals to replace them on a timely basis
 if at all.  In addition
 any such departure could be viewed in a negative light by investors and analysts
 which may cause the price of our common stock to decline.  We have employment agreements with our key senior executives
 including our CEO
 CFO and Jason Shiver
 our Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing.  However
 we do not maintain key-person life insurance with respect to any of them.  We also had employment agreements with each of our founders
 which expired on December 31
 2015.  As discussed in more detail in Note 17 in the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8
 in March 2016 we paid the founders $23.0 million of the $25.2 million estimated obligation accrued at December 31
Additionally
 we also depend on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel to operate and expand our business. If we fail to attract talented new employees
As a result of our rapid growth over the past few years
We have experienced rapid growth in the past few years
 which involves various risks related to ensuring that our infrastructure and personnel are sufficient to meet the growing demand for our products.  For example
 we must seek to identify our personnel needs in light of expected demand for our products
 and we will need to identify
 recruit
 train and retain qualified employees in order to serve this anticipated demand
 in all areas of our operations.  Because we may hire additional employees in order to meet potential future needs and to ensure that our sales growth does not outgrow our infrastructure
 we may experience higher levels of costs of goods sold and general and administrative expense as we build this infrastructure.  While we do not anticipate extensive management needs
 as we grow
 we may add additional layers of management
 process and bureaucracy into our governing structure. In doing so
In addition
 with sales and demand growing rapidly
 we need to ensure that we have sufficient manufacturing capacity
 both internal capacity and manufacturing arrangements
 to meet actual and potential demand for our products. This could require us to make significant capital expenditure investments in order to make sure we have sufficient manufacturing capacity. If growth does not materialize as planned
There can be no assurance that we will be successful in all of these efforts
A failure of our new enterprise resource planning
 or ERP
 system could impact our ability to operate our business
We have recently implemented a new ERP system to provide for greater depth and breadth of functionality and effectively manage our business data
 communications
 supply chain
 order entry and fulfillment
result in transaction errors
 processing inefficiencies and sales losses
 may otherwise disrupt our operations and materially and adversely affect our business
 results of operations and financial condition and may harm our ability to accurately forecast sales demand
 manage our supply chain and production facilities
 fulfill customer orders and report financial and management information on a timely and accurate basis. In addition
 due to the systemic internal control features within ERP systems
 we may experience difficulties that may affect our internal control over financial reporting
We have a limited operating history
We have been in operation since 2010.  However
 we only have three years of available audited consolidated financial statements.  Our relatively limited available historical financial information does not necessarily reflect our future financial position
 results of operations
 or cash flows
 and the occurrence of any of the risks discussed in this &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; section
 or any other event
 could cause our future financial position
 results of operations
 or cash flows to materially differ from our historical financial information.  While we have been profitable in the past
 we cannot assure you that our profits will continue
We rely on information technology systems
 and any inadequacy
 failure
We are dependent on various information technology systems
 including
 but not limited to
 networks
 applications and outsourced services in connection with the operation of our business. A failure of our information technology systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and result in transaction errors
 processing inefficiencies and sales losses
 causing our business to suffer. In addition
 our information technology systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from circumstances beyond our control
 including fire
 natural disasters
 systems failures
In addition
 we sell our products over the internet through third-party websites
 including those operated by Amazon.com. The website operations of such third parties may be affected by reliance on other third-party hardware and software providers
 technology changes
 risks related to the failure of computer systems through which these website operations are conducted
 telecommunications failures
 electronic break-ins and similar disruptions. Furthermore
Further
 because of our rapid growth
 we need to ensure that we have sufficient personnel to manage our growing IT infrastructure
 and that our systems generate sufficient information and reports so that our management team can better anticipate future business needs. As we grow
Our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and ability to operate our company
As of December 31
 2015 and December 31
 2014
 we had outstanding indebtedness in the aggregate principal amount of $201&#160;million and $200 million
 respectively.  Our debt level and the terms of our financing arrangements could adversely affect our financial condition and limit our ability to successfully implement our growth strategy.  In addition
Our ability to meet our debt service obligations will depend on our future performance
 which will be affected by the other risk factors described herein. If we do not generate enough cash flow to pay our debt service obligations
 we may be required to refinance all or part of our existing debt
 sell our assets
 borrow more money or raise equity. There is no guarantee that we will be able to take any of these actions on a timely basis
 on terms satisfactory to us
Our outstanding indebtedness under the Credit Agreement bears interest at variable rates. If market interest rates increase
 variable rate debt will create higher debt service requirements
We are required to comply with certain financial maintenance covenants pursuant to the Credit Agreement as of the end of each fiscal quarter
 including a total funded debt ratio and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. The Credit Agreement contains other negative incurrence-based covenants that
 among other things
Should we be in default under any of such covenants
 Jefferies Finance LLC shall have the right
 upon written notice and after the expiration of any applicable period during which such default may be cured
 to demand immediate payment of all of the then-unpaid principal and accrued but unpaid interest under the Credit Agreement and would permit lenders to foreclose upon the collateral securing the debt. As of December 31
 2015
As we execute our business strategy
 we may not be able to remain in compliance with our financial covenants because various risks
 uncertainties and events beyond our control could affect our ability to comply with these covenants. These restrictions on the operation of our business through the requirement that we meet certain ratios to take certain actions could harm us by
 among other things
 limiting our ability to take advantage of financing
 merger and acquisition opportunities and other corporate opportunities. Additionally
 any acceleration of the borrowings under the Credit Agreement prior to the applicable maturity dates could have a material adverse effect upon our business
To the extent we further grow our business outside of the United States and Canada
We currently conduct most of our business in the United States and Canada
 but we are evaluating the possibility of doing business in certain other foreign countries. The substantial up-front investment required
 the lack of consumer awareness of our products in jurisdictions outside of the United States and Canada
 differences in consumer preferences and trends between the United States and Canada and other jurisdictions
 the risk of inadequate intellectual property protections and differences in packaging
 labeling
 food and related laws
 rules and regulations are all substantial matters that need to be evaluated prior to doing business in new territories. To the extent we grow our business outside of the United States and Canada
 we could be adversely affected by economic
 legal
 political and regulatory developments in the countries in which we do business in the future or in which we expand our business
Examples of risks inherent in doing business outside of North America include changes in the political and economic conditions in the countries in which we operate
 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements
 changes in tariffs
 the adoption of foreign or U.S. laws limiting exports to or imports from certain foreign countries
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates and the value of the U.S. dollar
 restrictions on repatriation of earnings
 expropriation of property without fair compensation
 weak protection of intellectual property rights and the acceptance of business practices that are not consistent with or are antithetical to prevailing business practices we are accustomed to in the United States
Doing business outside the United States requires us to comply with the laws and regulations of the U.S. government and various foreign jurisdictions
 which place restrictions on our operations
 trade practices
 partners and investment decisions. In particular
 our operations are subject to U.S. and foreign anti-corruption and trade control laws and regulations
 such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
 or FCPA
 export controls and economic sanctions programs
 including those administered by the U.S. Treasury Department&#8217;s Office of Foreign Assets Control
of doing business in foreign countries and with foreign partners
In addition
 the United Kingdom Bribery Act
 or the Bribery Act
 extends beyond bribery of foreign public officials and also applies to transactions with individuals that a government does not employ. The provisions of the Bribery Act are also more onerous than the FCPA in a number of other respects
 including jurisdiction
 non-exemption of facilitation payments and penalties. Our continued expansion outside the United States
 including in developing countries
 and our development of new partnerships and joint venture relationships worldwide
 could increase the risk of FCPA
 OFAC or Bribery Act violations in the future. Violations of anti-corruption and trade control laws and sanctions regulations are punishable by civil penalties
 including fines
 denial of export privileges
 injunctions
 asset seizures
 debarment from government contracts and revocations or restrictions of licenses
Due to the Sponsor Acquisition
 which was consummated on July&#160;17
 2014
 it may be difficult for you to compare our Successor and Predecessor financial results.  The Sponsor Acquisition was accounted for utilizing acquisition method accounting
 which resulted in recording the assets and liabilities of SkinnyPop at their fair values on July&#160;17
In addition
 we recognized the Founder Contingent Compensation ratably over the 18 months after the date of completion of the Sponsor Acquisition.  Accordingly
 our historical financial information may be of limited use in evaluating our historical performance and comparing it to other periods.  Additionally
 due to the new valuations for the assets and liabilities of SkinnyPop
The pro forma financial information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is presented for illustrative purposes only and does not represent what the results of operations of the combined company would have been had the Sponsor Acquisition
 the December 2014 Special Dividend and the May 2015 Special Dividend occurred on January&#160;1
 2014
 the date assumed for purposes of that pro forma information
The pro forma financial information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is derived from our consolidated results of operations giving pro forma effect to the Sponsor Acquisition
 the December 2014 Special Dividend and the May 2015 Special Dividend
 more fully described in Note 1 in the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8
 as if such transactions occurred on January&#160;1
 2014.  It is presented for illustrative purposes only and contains certain estimates and assumptions about the Sponsor Acquisition
 the December 2014 Special Dividend and the May 2015 Special Dividend.  It does not give effect to our recent initial public offering
 and in particular
 the impact of the tax receivable agreement.  The preparation of this pro forma financial information is based on certain assumptions and estimates that we believe are reasonable.  Our assumptions may prove to be inaccurate over time and may be affected by other factors. Accordingly
 the pro forma financial information may not reflect what our results of operations
 financial positions and cash flows would have been had the Sponsor Acquisition
 the December 2014 Special Dividend and the May 2015 Special Dividend
 respectively
 occurred during the periods presented or what our results of operations
Our tax receivable agreement will require us to make cash payments to a counterparty in respect of certain tax benefits to which we may become entitled
In August 2015
 we entered into a tax receivable agreement with the former holders of units of TA Topco 1
 LLC (Topco)
 our former parent entity.  In December 2015
 all of the former holders of units of Topco collectively assigned their interests to a new counterparty.  Pursuant to the tax receivable agreement
 we are required to make cash payments to the counterparty equal to 85% of the tax benefits
 if any
 that we actually realize
 or in some circumstances are deemed to realize
The amount of the cash payments that we are required to make under the tax receivable agreement is expected to be significant.  Assuming no material changes in the relevant tax law and that we earn sufficient taxable income to realize all tax benefits that are subject to the tax receivable agreement
 we expect that the reduction in tax payments for us associated with the federal
 state and local tax benefits described above would aggregate to approximately $113.1&#160;million through 2030.  Under such scenario we would be required to pay the counterparty 85% of such amount
Payments under the tax receivable agreement may vary from the foregoing estimates and will be based on the tax reporting positions that we determine
 which tax reporting positions will be based on the advice of our tax advisors.  Any payments made by us to the counterparty under the tax receivable agreement will generally reduce the amount of overall cash flow that might have otherwise been available to us.  If the Internal Revenue Service (IRS)
 were to successfully challenge the tax benefits that give rise to any payments under the tax receivable agreement
 our future payments under the tax receivable agreement to the counterparty would be reduced by the amount of such payments
Our obligation to make timely payments under the tax receivable agreement is not conditioned upon
 and will not be modified based upon
 our historical net income for any previous period or our ability to generate net income in any future period.  If
 however
 we fail to make any payments on a timely basis under the tax receivable agreement because we do not have sufficient funds to make such payment despite using reasonable best efforts to obtain funds to make such payment (including by causing our subsidiaries to distribute or lend funds to us for such payment and accessing any sources of available credit to fund such payment)
 such failure will not be deemed to be a breach of a material obligation under the tax receivable agreement that would give rise to an acceleration of our payment obligations under the agreement.  To the extent that we are unable to make timely payments under the tax receivable agreement for this or any other reason
Furthermore
 our future obligation to make payments under the tax receivable agreement could make us a less attractive target for an acquisition
 particularly in the case of an acquirer that cannot use some or all of the tax benefits that may be deemed realized under the tax receivable agreement.  Unless earlier terminated in accordance with its terms
 the tax receivable agreement will continue in force and effect until there is no further potential for tax benefit payments to be made by us to the counterparty in respect of the U.S. federal
Based on current tax rules and regulations as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
Disruptions in the worldwide economy may adversely affect our business
 results of operations
Adverse and uncertain economic conditions may impact distributor
 retailer and consumer demand for our products. In addition
 our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our suppliers
 contract manufacturers
 distributors
 retailers
 consumers and creditors may suffer. Consumers may shift purchases to lower-priced or other perceived value offerings during economic downturns
 making it more difficult to sell our premium products. During economic downturns
 it may be more difficult to convince consumers to switch to our brands or convince new users to choose our brands without expensive sampling programs and price promotions. In particular
 consumers may reduce the amount of products with no GMOs
 gluten
 or preservatives that they purchase when there are conventional offerings of similar products
 which generally have lower retail prices. In addition
 consumers may choose to purchase private-label products rather than branded products because they are generally less expensive. Distributors and retailers may become more conservative in response to these conditions and seek to reduce their inventories. For example
 during the economic downturn from 2007 through 2009
 distributors and retailers significantly reduced their inventories. Our results of operations depend upon
 among other things
 our ability to maintain and increase sales volume with our existing distributors and retailers
We have significant goodwill
 which amounted to 13.1% and 13.5% of our total assets as of December 31
 2015 and December&#160;31
 2014
 respectively.  Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. In accordance with GAAP
 we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting units are less than their carrying amounts as a basis to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test
 which we perform annually in the third fiscal quarter and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of goodwill may not be recoverable. Future events that may trigger impairment include
 but are not limited to
 significant adverse change in customer demand
 the business climate or a significant decrease in expected cash flows. When impaired
 the carrying value of goodwill is written down to fair value. In the event that an impairment to goodwill is identified
 an immediate charge to earnings would be recorded
We have significant indefinite-lived intangible assets
 which amounted to 58.7% and 59.9% of our total assets as of December 31
 2015 and December&#160;31
 2014
 respectively.  Indefinite-lived intangibles are tested for impairment annually in the third fiscal quarter and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets may not be recoverable. When impaired
 the carrying value of indefinite-lived intangible assets is written down to fair value. In the event that an impairment is identified
 an immediate charge to earnings would be recorded
We are represented by 22 sales agents who represent almost all of our product line to supermarkets and food stores. There are a very limited number of national sales agents in the snack food industry. Our agreements with these agents are terminable by either us or them after satisfaction of a short notice period. The termination of these agreements would require us to seek other sales agents
 likely causing significant disruption to our business
We currently outsource the manufacturing of all of our products to a third-party co-manufacturer and we expect that we will continue to outsource the manufacturing of all of our products to one or more third-party manufacturers in the future. We do not consider employees of these third-party manufacturers to be our employees. As such
 we do not withhold federal or state income or other employment related taxes
 make federal or state unemployment tax or Federal Insurance Contributions Act payments
 provide workers&#8217; compensation insurance or other employee-related benefits with respect to these manufacturers&#8217; employees. Recently
 there has been an increase in litigation against companies across industries claiming that certain individuals associated with outsourced business functions should be considered employees. Although we are not unique in our outsourcing of certain aspects of our business
 such as manufacturing operations
 to third parties
 there is a risk that such claims may be brought against us. This risk would be increased to the extent that any of the employees of our third-party manufacturers work exclusively on the manufacture of our products. In the event of a determination by a court
 federal or state taxing authorities or other relevant governmental authorities that the employees of our third-party manufacturers constitute our employees
Our stock price may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance
The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors
 most of which we cannot control
the public&#8217;s response to press releases or other public announcements by us or third parties
 including our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission
economic
any future guidance we may provide to the public
future sales of our common stock by our officers
In addition
 the stock markets
 including the NYSE
 have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. In the past
 stockholders have instituted securities class action litigation following periods of market volatility. If we were involved in securities litigation
Future sales of our common stock
 or the perception in the public markets that these sales may occur
The market price of our common stock could decline significantly as a result of sales of a large number of shares of our common stock in the market in the future. These sales
 or the perception that these sales might occur
 could depress the market price of our common stock. These sales
 or the possibility that these sales may occur
Additionally
 the shares of common stock subject to outstanding options and restricted stock awards under our equity incentive plans and the shares reserved for future issuance under our equity incentive plans will become eligible for sale in the public market in the future
Also
 in the future
Concentration of ownership among our existing executive officers
 directors and principal stockholders
 and our stockholders agreement with TA Associates
As of December 31
 2015
 our directors
 officers and holders of 10% or more of our outstanding stock beneficially owned
 in the aggregate
 approximately 74.7% of our outstanding common stock.  As a result
 these stockholders are able to exercise significant control over all matters requiring stockholder approval
 including the election of directors
 amendment of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions and will have significant control over our management and policies. This concentration of influence could be disadvantageous to other stockholders with interests different from those of the principal stockholders. As a result of these ownership positions
change in control of us or discouraging others from making tender offers for our shares
In addition
 we and entities affiliated with TA Associates have entered into a stockholders agreement
 which we refer to as our stockholders agreement. Under our stockholders agreement
 TA Associates has the right to designate three of the members of our board of directors if TA Associates owns at least 50% or more of the shares they held immediately following our initial public offering regardless of the percentage such shares represent of our total outstanding shares
 two members of our board of directors if TA Associates owns between 25% and 50% of the shares they held immediately following our initial public offering regardless of the percentage such shares represent of our total outstanding shares
Our stockholders agreement also provides that so long as the entities affiliated with TA Associates hold at least 25% of the shares they held immediately following our initial public offering regardless of the percentage such shares represent of our total outstanding shares
 we
 and our subsidiaries
issue
 create or assume any debt or equity security or debt obligation
 or refinance
 repurchase or prepay any security (other than repurchases of our common stock in accordance with agreements previously approved by our board of directors
pay or declare any dividend or make any distribution on
 or repurchase or redeem shares of our common stock (other than repurchases of our common stock in accordance with agreements previously approved by our board of directors
effect any sale
 liquidation or dissolution of the Company
 or sell
 transfer or otherwise dispose of any of the material assets or properties of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
 or merge with or into
 or consolidate with
 another entity or effect any recapitalization
 reorganization
 change of form of organization
 forward or reverse split
acquire any business
 material assets or property for consideration in excess of $15
000
000
 whether by acquisition of assets
 capital stock or otherwise
 and whether in consideration of the payment of cash
 the issuance of capital stock or otherwise or make any investment in any person or entity in an amount in excess of $15
000
hire or terminate any our executive officers
 or enter into
 amend or modify
take any action to initiate
 to cause or that would result in
 the voluntary bankruptcy
 insolvency
 dissolution
Accordingly
 our stockholders agreement will limit our ability to engage in significant transactions
 such as a merger
 acquisition or liquidation. Conflicts of interest could arise between us and TA Associates
We identified a material weakness in connection with our 2014 audit. If the measures we have taken to remediate that material weakness are not successful or if we fail to otherwise establish and maintain effective internal controls in accordance with Section&#160;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
As a public company
 we are required to document and test our internal control procedures in order to satisfy the requirements of Section&#160;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 which will require
 beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
 2016
internal control over financial reporting.  Additionally
 as of the later of the filing of such Annual Report and the date we are no longer an &#8220;emerging growth company&#8221; we will require a report by our independent registered public accounting firm that addresses the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting.  During the course of our testing
Testing and maintaining internal control can divert our management&#8217;s attention from other matters that are important to the operation of our business.  We also expect the regulations to increase our legal and financial compliance costs
 make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified executive officers and members of our Board
 particularly to serve on our audit committee
 and make some activities more difficult
 time-consuming and costly.  We may not be able to conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section&#160;404 and
 when applicable to us
 our independent registered public accounting firm may not be able or willing to issue an unqualified report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting.  If we conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective
 we cannot be certain as to the timing of completion of our evaluation
In connection with the 2014 audit of our financial statements
 we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting.  A material weakness is a deficiency
 or combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.  This material weakness related to our presentation and classification of certain promotional obligations in the consolidated financial statements as well as our accounting for pricing concessions.  We remediated this material weakness by implementing significant changes to our internal control over financial reporting throughout the course of the year ended December 31
 2015.  Refer to Item 9A contained herein
Our costs will increase significantly as a result of operating as a public company
As a public company with SEC reporting
 regulatory and stock exchange listing requirements
 we are incurring additional legal
 accounting
 compliance and other expenses that we did not incur historically. We are obligated to file with the SEC annual and quarterly information and other reports that are specified in Section&#160;13 and other sections of the Exchange Act
 and therefore need to have the ability to prepare consolidated financial statements that are compliant with all SEC reporting requirements on a timely basis. In addition
 we are subject to other reporting and corporate governance requirements
 including certain requirements of the and certain provisions of Sarbanes-Oxley and the regulations promulgated thereunder
We are an emerging growth company
We are an emerging growth company (EGC)
 as defined in the JOBS Act
 and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not EGCs
 including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section&#160;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result
 there may be a less active trading market for our common stock
Although the JOBS Act permits an EGC such as us to take advantage of an extended transition period to comply with new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies
 we have chosen to &#8220;opt out&#8221; of this provision
 and
 as a result
If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish unfavorable research about our business
The trading market for our common stock is influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of our company or fails to publish reports on us regularly
 we could lose visibility in the financial markets
 which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. Moreover
 if our operating results do not meet the expectations of the investor community
 one or more of the analysts who cover our company may change their recommendations regarding our company
Provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
 amended and restated bylaws
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
 amended and restated bylaws and provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware
 or the DGCL
 to which we are subject contain provisions that could discourage
 delay
For as long as TA Associates continues to own a substantial number of shares of our common stock
 representing a substantial number of votes entitled to be cast by holders of our common stock
 it will have the ability to control decisions regarding an acquisition of us by a third party that are subject to a vote of our stockholders. In addition
 our stockholders agreement provides that so long as the entities affiliated with TA Associates hold at least 25% of the shares they held immediately following our initial public offering regardless of the percentage such shares represent of our total outstanding shares
 we
 and our subsidiaries
 shall not
 without the approval of at least one director designated by TA Associates
 amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws or effect any sale
 liquidation or dissolution of the Company
 or sell
 transfer or otherwise dispose of any of the material assets or properties of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. Accordingly
 even though TA Associates may own a small percentage of our total outstanding shares of our common stock
In addition
 our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
 amended and restated bylaws and the DGCL contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us without the consent of our board of directors. These provisions include a classified board of directors with each class serving three-year staggered terms
 restrictions on the ability of our stockholders to remove directors
 the inability of our stockholders to fill vacancies on our board of directors
 in certain instances supermajority voting requirements for stockholders to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws
 prohibition on action by our stockholders by written consent
 advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations
 and the inability of our stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders. In addition
 our board of directors has the right to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval
 which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer. Moreover
 we are subject to the restrictions on business combinations set forth in Section&#160;203 of the DGCL
 which generally will prohibit us from engaging in a business combination with a person who owns in excess of 15% of our outstanding voting stock for a period of three years after the time of the transaction in which the person acquired in excess of 15% of our outstanding voting stock
 unless
 among other exceptions
 the transaction is approved in a prescribed manner. Although we believe these provisions protect our stockholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics and thereby provide for an opportunity to receive a higher bid by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors
As of December 31
 2015
 we had outstanding 74
843
470 shares of our common stock
 including 4
991
858 shares of restricted stock.  In the future we may sell additional shares of our common stock or securities convertible into our common stock to raise capital or issue additional shares of our common stock or securities convertible into our common stock as consideration for future acquisitions
 which would dilute the voting power and ownership percentage of our stockholders.  We cannot predict the size of future issuances of our common stock or securities convertible into our common stock or the effect
 if any
The issuance and sale of substantial amounts of our common stock or securities convertible into our common stock
 or the perception that such issuances and sales may occur
Our corporate headquarters are located in Austin
 Texas in approximately 11
000 square feet of leased office space.  Our customer service call center is located in Skokie
 Illinois in approximately 2
From time to time
 we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. We have received
 and may in the future continue to receive
 claims from third parties asserting
 among other things
 infringement of their intellectual property rights. Future litigation may be necessary to defend ourselves
 our partners and our customers by determining the scope
 enforceability and validity of third-party proprietary rights or to establish our proprietary rights. The results of any current or future litigation cannot be predicted with certainty and regardless of the outcome
 litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs
 diversion of management resources
Item 5.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Market for Registrant's Common Equity
Shares of our common stock are listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol BETR and have been so traded since our IPO on August 5
Period from August 5
 2015 to September 30
Quarter ended December 31
According to the records of our transfer agent
 we had 35 holders of record of our common stock as of March 14
 2016
 including Cede &amp; Co. as nominee for The Depository Trust Company (DTC). Cede &amp; Co. as nominee for DTC holds shares of our common stock on behalf of participants in the DTC system
Except as described below
 we have not declared or paid a cash dividend on our capital stock.  Any future determination to declare cash dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors
 subject to applicable laws
 and will depend on a number of factors
 including our financial condition results of operations
 capital requirements
 contractual restrictions
 general business conditions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant.  The Credit Agreement governing our credit facility prohibits the payment of any dividends without obtaining the prior written consent of the lenders representing a majority of the outstanding principal under the Credit Agreement
In December 2014
 SkinnyPop made a $59.8 million distribution to the Company in connection with the second amendment to our Credit Agreement.  The Company then distributed such amount to Topco
In May 2015
 SkinnyPop made a $22.3 million distribution to the Company in connection with our Third Amended Credit Facility.  The Company then distributed such amount to Topco
The graph set forth below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock between August 5
 2015 (the date of our IPO) and December 31
 2015
 with the cumulative total return of (i) the S&amp;P Packaged Foods &amp; Meats Index and (ii) the S&amp;P Small Cap 600 Index.  This graph assumes the investment of $100 on August 5
 2015 in our common stock at our IPO offering price of $18.00 per share
 the S&amp;P Packaged Foods &amp; Meats Index and the S&amp;P Small Cap 600 Index
 and assumes the reinvestment of dividends
See Item&#160;12
The following tables set forth our historical consolidated financial data.  We have derived the selected (1)&#160;statements of income data for the year ended December&#160;31
 2015 and the period July&#160;17
 2014 to December 31
 2014 for the Successor (as discussed below) and for the period January 1
 2014 to July 16
 2014 and year ended December 31
 2013 for the Predecessor (as discussed below) and (2)&#160;balance sheet data as of December 31
 2015 and December&#160;31
Our financial data prior to the date of the Sponsor Acquisition
 which are the year ended December&#160;31
 2013 and the period January&#160;1
 2014 to July&#160;16
 2014
 are presented as the financial data of the Predecessor
 which includes the results of the then-existing SkinnyPop Popcorn LLC.  The financial data after the date of the Sponsor Acquisition
 which is the period July&#160;17
 2014 to December&#160;31
 2014 and the year ended December 31
 2015
 are presented as the financial data of the Successor.  The balance sheet data as of December&#160;31
 2015 and December&#160;31
After the consummation of the Sponsor Acquisition
 the Company along with its subsidiary SkinnyPop Popcorn LLC
 are referred to collectively in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as the &#8220;Successor&#8221;.  Prior to the consummation of the Sponsor Acquisition
We applied Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB)
 Accounting Standards Codification Topic 805
 &#8220;Business Combinations&#8221; on July&#160;17
 2014
 the closing date of the Sponsor Acquisition
 and as a result
 the merger consideration in the Sponsor Acquisition was allocated to the respective fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed from the Predecessor.  The fair value of identifiable intangibles totaled approximately $265.3 million and amortization of finite-lived intangibles was approximately $4.2 million for the year ended December 31
 2015 and $1.9 million for the Successor period July&#160;17
 2014 to December&#160;31
 2014.  As a result of the application of acquisition method accounting
You should read the following selected consolidated financial data below in conjunction with &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221;
 &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; and all of our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report (in thousands
Year Ended December 31
July 17
 2014 to December 31
January 1
 2014 to July 16
Year Ended December 31
183
64
68
55
80
28
29
23
102
35
38
32
18
6
5
5
46
13
1
1
1
2
1
66
22
8
7
36
12
30
24
12
4
24
8
30
24
14
3
9
4
30
24
76
61
74
747
68
716
46
12
26
22
(8
(294
(25
287
(28
(19
December 31
December 31
18
5
(17
1
Property and equipment
2
319
315
360
338
201
200
97
6
15
121
Current assets consist of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable- net
 inventories
 prepaid expenses
Current liabilities consist of accounts payable and accrued liabilities
 current portion of indebtedness
contained in Item 8
Consists of goodwill
 intangible assets- net
 deferred tax assets- net
Consists of deferred tax liabilities- net
 contingent consideration
 equity awards liability
Represents the recognizable portion of Founder Contingent Compensation as of December 31
 2014
The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.  Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed below.  Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include
 but are not limited to
Amplify Snack Brands, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company
&lt;div style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;BUSINESS OVERVIEW&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amplify Snack Brands, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company

begin 644 betr-123120_chartx50449.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_P  1 &0 IH# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#^_BBBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB




(W

M!QK7_P L:/\ A&]+]+[_ 

M2^_\'&M?_+&MZB@#SW2-'M+C6O%-M-)J
D-C?:9':QMK.M%8(Y]$L+F5(Q_:






MWI?I??\ @XUK_P6-;U% &#_ ,(WI?I??^#C6O\ Y8T?\(WI?I??^#C6O_EC
M6]10!@_\(WI?I??^#C6O_EC1_P (WI?I??\ @XUK_P6-;U% &#_ 
(WI?I?
M?^#C6O\ Y8T?\(WI?I??^#C6O_EC6]10!@_\(WI?I??^#C6O_EC6!K6BV=M?






MFEI!T_%OYFEH **** BBB@ HHHH **** N8\0?\A'P;_V




M */BH ZZBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** OQT^)?[?O[23?MW:Y^RQ

M[=VND^$]0\7^







2V7@@ ]
MD^ ?_!0?QW\6?$W[-/B;Q3\#=$\&_LZ?MOZG\0-*_96\?Z;\3+CQ%\1)[GP?
MX.\9_%#P:_QE^'=SX)T+1?!UO\:/A%\//&7Q!\)-X0\<^.)/
FF:;X/\:)#

M^#C_ .*R7$$

MO\ X[1_9.F?
M] ^Q_P# .V_^-4?V3IG_ $#['_P#MO\ XU0 ?VMIG_00L?\ P
MO_CM?(7[;

5ZQLK+5-/G\Y4B3
MR9?M 2
EBR/T'U[_ &3IG_0/L?\ P#MO_C5?''[='P&\7_'3X%R^!?AEI6@2





S
+.,XJH8K$99E&,X;P
M?%E+%T9XBCAJ^-I9QB,MIXJ-.I6CAOK.50QTL/3J^Q^LX/VWLU5H^T*KY5%P
MBIZOF2DD[6CRVOH^N\H_,_5[^UM,_P@A8_^!EM_\=H_M;3/^@A8_P#@9;?_


MT:WLIRO?3EBS+VG\T*D?6#G\VZ?/%?-H_4W^UM
_Z%C_P!EM_\=H_M;3/^
M@A8_^!EM_P#':_.CPI_P5 _87UY[:U\3^.-1^#FJ3R+#-I_QV^$WCWX1P6
K
M
$$=YXG\6^%+7P.AWL$WQ^*I8MP)$A4@G[8\!_$'X.?%33GU?X8^-OAM\1])
M3!;5/ 7B/PIXQTX D $WGAR\U*W )(QEQG(]:F=&K35YTYQ3VE*
E%^DFK/Y
M

_Z%C_X&6W_ ,=H_M;3/^@A8_\ @9;?
M_':3^R]*R!]@L 2,@&SM0V/H8@?TI?[)TS_H'V/_ (!VW_QJLRP_M;3/^@A8
M_P#@9;?_ !VC^UM,_P@A8_^!EM_\=H_LG3/^@?8_P#@';?_ !JC^R=

8[G)
M-G;$G%]=CDF+)X ZFNK_ +)TS_H'V/\ X!VW_P :H /[6TS_ *%C_X&6W_Q
MVC^UM,_Z%C_ .!EM_\ ':/[)TS_ *!]C_X!VW_QJC^R=
_Z!]C_ . =M_\
M&J #^UM
_P@A8_^!EM_\=H_M;3/^@A8_P#@9;?_ !VC^R=,_P@?8_^ =M_
M\:H_LG3/^@?8_P#@';?_ !J@ _M;3/\ H(6/_@9;?_':/[6TS_H(6/\ X&6W
M_P =H_LG3/\ H'V/_@';?_&J/[)TS_H'V/\ X!VW_P :H /[6TS_ *%C_X&
M6W_QVC^UM,_Z%C_ .!EM_\ ':/[)TS_ *!]C_X!VW_QJC^R=
_Z!]C_ . =
MM_\ &J #^UM

=I!I.F?] ^

_Z!]C_ . =M_\ &J #
M^UM
_P@A8_^!EM_\=H_M;3/^@A8_P#@9;?_ !VC^R=,_P@?8_^ =M_\:H_
MLG3/^@?8_P#@';?_ !J@ _M;3/\ H(6/_@9;?_':/[6TS_H(6/\ X&6W_P =
MH_LG3/\ H'V/_@';?_&J/[)TS_H'V/\ X!VW_P :H /[6TS_ *%C_X&6W_Q
MVC^UM,_Z%C_ .!EM_\ ':/[)TS_ *!]C_X!VW_QJC^R=
_Z!]C_ . =M_\
M&J #^UM



MK=DO5MI+NW8_=;^UM

M%X6^.OPWT?Q@VD:+H6NO)?:;X@T%6LI5LM6TJ5(;R2Q
RK=3Z5=+);WEC/+$

=I/[*TOK_9UE_X!6_\O)S2?V9I?3^SK/\ \ (?Y^1B@!W]
MK:9_T$+'_P #+;_X[1_:VF?]!Q_\#+;_P.UQ?B3QE\*_!T4D_BWQ3X \+P


-2N]6A!#/&F-\B*U
MQIU)?#<O\


M /B4R36T(^T7D



M17WR27XD^UI=*D'Y*2;^Y-L^V/[6TS_H(6/_ (&6W_QVC^UM




=H_M;3/^@A8_\

MQ_\  RV_^.T?VMIG_00L?_ RV_\ CM']DZ9_T#['_P  [;_XU1_9.F?] ^Q_
M\ [;_P-4 ']K:9_T$+'_P #+;_X[1_:VF?]!Q_\#+;_P.T?V3IG_0/L?_
M  #MO_C5(=+TH=;P'UM+4?^TJ %_M;3/^@A8_\ @9;?_':/[6TS_H(6/_@9
M;?\ QVD_LK2^O]GV)^EG;'^45(=


_Z%C_P!EM_\=H_M;3/^@A8_^!EM_P#':!I6F'_F'V/_ (!V
MW7O_ 
LJ/[)TS_H'V/\ X!VW_P :H /[6TS_ *%C_X&6W_QVC^UM,_Z%C_
M .!EM_\ ':/[)TS_ *!]C_X!VW_QJC^R=
_Z!]C_ . =M_\ &J #^UM

MHHH *
#KCD=#Z9ZT44 %%%% !1110!^&?AS_ )60?BM_VAC^#G_K:?Q-K]S*

MU'=


@P^?X.G1E6JX''X*O''9/F^%4/KV3YE2A.%+&X5S3A
M).G4J8?%X6JI87








M\-Y_B
PEBLGSJA2P'$^3QI+

P]9SCA
G2J^RYI3K8


 3-+X




M3?$.L:/?FUND9?[)JFGWMC.BF.XMI4(^7)]CK^#O\ X(
_\%%OC+\++^__

MYJ
U\2O&

MO7V@P





M]K%_!&=3_#%V?I.7+!_^!'V&/CE%K7R_#_X;?%#QXLB9M]2@\
'P9X=D8C@C

_-7Q;_ &S-!^%UV=+^*GQR_9@_9\U24B%/

M^=+^T-\=OVH?VE)+Q UYH_CWXT:WX ^'KSLN)0GPI_9]M_@]\/[BS;+HEGKF




+^ZI34+RDE9.5[MJ^[.

7TW^S=:^-O[:_B6(V

5C'9B
;(K:


Q();7XK:AXQAF-NA)L&F$G]ER%


&)_G
C2'SD)18X64.[7\

MZ*@H\:_X67XLM$!U+X%?$V%LLI;2KSX9ZY%G[Z!/L?C^*X*LF2SM:HB2@Q$L
M2C

M1O9L ]1FD  Z #Z @#XQ_:+^,7[/_B'X*_$;P[\2?;?$;POJ_ARYL=6^&7

T
H*12?SZZ?

=S;
S)


2:0K5

MXT? _3?!7@[1/ UMJUCX:TKPQX?TWPSX9\
_#KQWJMOH.BVFE6EOHWA^TAT/

M6G:E\(M9.E7\!^55FM/&UKI-C/%


7Q!^QI^R]XEU1O$GAG]A#Q%\._%#.[GQ;



- [<C/^UO^U=X;$<7QN_9A^
_PE1FC\_7?





M7QSX?G)
^A^
O#NC^*='FW#:WFZ9KUEJ%E)E?E.Z Y''2OD*^_X)O?LC07]S





VIM
M8'G^!7Q#UZYN?!

MCD_=47!3FFI1?.[)QE&\9).W

6FFN5)^\I6:


H1O^,GP
'+7A$NH:
V&H6%Y]O=V

C1RQNR


MPS0W


KHZ
R.C*RL5()EKX \#^+
MW_9
\5Z9\)_%^I:IJ'[.?BF_BTOX+?$#6HM1




M #!]:]1_U#J:;B[Q;3[IM/[T)I-6:33W35U]S/S+_9._X)G? WX0^*](^+^J


M_P ))I?K??\ @GUK_P5U'_2:7ZWW_@GUK_ .5U)-IIIM-;-.S7HUJ@:35F





M@/\ M0Z699U0
T\MMX=^

I

M\
O 7Q#\


M(D0\/VOQE^!UAXF25@P:!_7C/XB^_%ZW*RJ4^R-H N2!\T23!H%^XO^$AT

M?$76;6^U6SM++X3^!;G6_&GF^+I9-(TVU/Q9/9ZUJNJ?9[#6O927'E+!U8


U?1_$5G





M4%Z05H):+1)(J-.G%W4(\W\S5Y/UD[R?S9NA5!S@9Z9ZM^)/)_$TM8/_  DF


MP3ZU_P#*ZC_A)-+];[_P3ZU_\KJ -ZBL'_A)-+];[_P3ZU_\KJ/^$DTOUOO_

M_P ))I?K??\ @GUK_P5U'_2:7ZWW_@GUK_ .5U &]16#_PDFE^M]_X)]:_
M^5U'_2:7ZWW_@GUK_Y74 ;U%8/_  DFE^M]_P"?6O_ )74?\))I?K??^?



CC.!DY/KZ^_  Y]ABEK!_X232_6^_\$^M?_*ZC_A)-+];[_P3ZU_\KJXC
MI-ZBL'_A)-+];[_P3ZU_\KJ/^$DTOUOO_!/K7_RNH WJ*P?^$DTOUOO_  3Z
MU_\ *ZMJ&5)XHYH]VR5%D3<CQMM=0R[HY521&P1E)$5U/#*"* )**** BB



MQ'$_C+X(_!;QK'I7B/P/HD7P\T7QAJ5IX4\!^&O&'C#6[#PYK5UXO_2VB@#\
MPO@1_P $]_%7PE\2?LV:#XB^.UMXV_9^_8IU+XD:M^RU\-;7X91^&O&^DW?C

M37__B?3+G2-;TB^4M;WEE=)M==R%98)XG3VEY;O%=65W%#=VDL5Q#%(ORK
M\+/&_BGX&^.-*_9T^

)(OA;XXOFABB3
MXI^&[%@NF7TCJGC_ $2W%[;_ /$\MKVVG^TJ\]^*/PP\(?&'P7JW@3QM82WF








JZ1_PGC7JZRN3@_P1XU'_ +%72/\ T\Z]0!UE%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 AZ'Z&N2\)$[?$7/_

M[XB_[&S7O_1\5 '74444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%)D X_





TM(.GXM_
TM



M8^']9\67GQ1^('[/^F^.M9M/@;\1/C0/$_P9\8:1\4/$'A*96@O(_$GP+^'
M_B7Q=X1TR\M/!'Q'\7^%__BWQCH-_J^DZG)XB] L_\ @GA\ ;+XFVGCY+WX
MIS^&-


$9/@X#'#/:0



M[J9_@

MYKFSO]


M:NJ?]Y??^!^B_\ RPK/\_\BKI/_7.Y_P#2^[KKJZP
'^U=4_Z%R^_\#]%_
M^6%']JZI_P!Y??^!^B__+MZB@#!_M75/\ H7+[_P #]%_^6%']JZI_T+E]



M?_(I:[_UXM_Z.AH OC5=4_Z%R^ZG_E_T7U/_ %$/_P!5+_:NJ?\ 0N7W_@?H
MO_RPK='3\6_F:6@#!_M75/\ H7+[_P #]%_^6%']JZI_T+E]_P!^B__ PK




'^U=4_Z%R^_P# _1?_
M )84?VKJG_0N7W_@?HO_ 
L*WJ* 


M_ _1?_EA6]10!@_VKJG_ $+E]_X'Z+_\L*/[5U3_ *%R^_\  _1?_EA6]10!
M@_VKJG_0N7W_ ('Z+_\ +C^U=4_Z%R^_P# _1?_ )85O44 8/\ :NJ?]Y?





M.JV

'_#\B.01V

M\%'_ (W^//B[\)_A-J_A?X96_ASQ9XMM/#VHWNGZ3XEBUB&SOEO[N62SFG\4
MW-FERLB 1O-9S1!








K



)_


$ZPF&3]O=!_:(M-'U6P\'_'/PQ=_!3QA?W*:?I-YK%\-6^%
M_B^\928H_!GQ0BM;+1+F[NL*(/#OBB'POXL
CB&/1;GY97]+\%_\)%_PC6E^

?C6IKF@W?B;2;_0?$FC^#O$&AZI;M:ZGH





ES&O4DH
M0IY3GD:='#5ZM:HW##X#


M_PH'_Y4Z .@HKG_ /BIO^H'_P5.C_BIO\ J!_^5.@#H**Y_P#XJ;_J!_\
ME3H_XJ;_ *@?_E3H ZBN?\ ^*F_Z@?_ )4Z/^*F_PH'_Y4Z .@KF/$'_(1

J=(#XE/0Z$?H=2


W@;PTSQ^(
M?BI\'-$E3&Z#5?&^FV










LLP.-JY1.NL+CJ=7$X
M6C6JPIY?C)4L?[*-2HXTIRHM3@E*
II\SFS5]-M_^'/9Z*Y[/B7IG0\GL?[3
M!_(\TO\ Q4W_ % __*G7V(CH**Y__BIO^H'_ .5.C_BIO^H'_P5.@#H**Y_
M_BIO^H'_ .5.C_BIO^H'_P5.@#H**Y__BIO^H'_ .5.C_BIO^H'_P5.@#?
M;H?H?Y5R7A+[OB+_ +&S7O\ T?%5T_\ 38/_(#Z'_H)_P!*Y?PO_P )%MU[
MR_[$_P1HUOS-W]I9\SSX]^W'&W.,9YH ])HKG_^*F_Z@?\ Y4Z/^*F_Z@?_
M )4Z .@HKG_^*F_Z@?\ Y4Z/^*F_Z@?_ )4Z .@HKG_^*G[?V'_Y4ZW(?-\J
M/S_+\[RT\WRMWE^9M&_R]_S[-V=N_P;&-W.: )**** BBB@ HHHH ****
M/E'Q#^P[^RAXJ_:-\/?M9:_\_AWJ?Q[\-6306/C^Y\-Z;)J%SJD#^'!H7B_


M-)TIKAF-E8#[-#MCXKM** /!O!/[+O[.GPV^)WBSXS^ ?@E\


9-/6T?Q?KUG9ZWX



S@&_S+RQL+B22R\4:,A0[?$7@_4-?T&0,C#4%+A*]IKS_X
MA_SP!\5=)AT?Q[X8T[Q!;V<QNM*NYEEM=9T_\ DVZGX;U^PDM=<\-ZK'Y:
M&+4]$UPO4*J!

8XG
LA
M5E&%.E&&:Y1AJ

MW^T;\/+:


:
M*G3EC'#G4EE.-HU*N7YQ%.+K5(Y?BJ^*PE&5.68X7 U9.C$MU_K^OZ1ZI1





M\*7=O\'O!

MQ90O=_H'4[^2RM OC/5\46=]J($A;PBI5!;6
P!02
9/+0(0Q=?Y@^D9/Q



7N@PS_ -H7=\K-?7\%XHE@^TI%;M;N
MWUY'\;?$6I;QX=_9_P#C?JIY\F?5-)\$^;1\X
_P#PFWCK0]2B4EXF?=I9



W<(;_GG<ZAXJ




MJ

M8T?#OAS0_6@Z/X8\-Z9:Z-H'A_3++1M&TJQ1HK33M+TZ!+:RLK9S
D%M!&



'PY$46RUTC_ (2S
M_A8WA.+'_+/_ (1SXJVGC+[-;=1Y&C:GHVP'$

'6K.0'AHK

?CKP!X/\6G;MCGU_P .


-8T
ZRZ6







KT\)#

R57*


KSA$E+%8V9E8#YN\?\%#?V6-3UM/#MEXT
MUZ75?%GC8V6C0/X\80QW%SXCU2TL-+22X?2O)MTFN;B)'DN'B6%6+SB-%)K
<4I4(5

PA+%4Z57#1EA*^)A74J]*M2J
M4DZ=ZD*D)134XMEGO9V[V9^A5%'^?RHK[
04444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !111TZT %%?&GB7_@H'^R#X0_:*TK]E;Q'\:=!TKXT:KJMAX;30[C2O$Y\-



-H_T30!^&?AS_ )60?BM_VAC^#G_K

GXK_,4 <EX%_Y%72?^N=S_ .E]W775R/@7_D5=)_ZYW/\ Z7W=
M==0 4444 %%%% !7E?Q)^#'P^^*@L+OQ/I$D'B31%<^&?'/AZ^N_#?CWPI.V
M]UG\-^+]'EM=:TT+,_GRV/VF;2;UU:EIU[ 7B;U2BN/'Y=@
UPM3 YE@\-C



%EU^


K'OZ\5^(?P&\#^/\ 5H?%\0U7P1\2K&&.

L+R(=/1V$B_-?V





3CZGG]:/J?%^/_ -\S;+<AHRWP
M^183^T\PI-)6=/.LZI+ U(2=^:%3A6,E9*-6S;1IVOZZ=NB?KU/FO_A&/VF_
M&0SXC^(_@7X1::[9;2OA9X:E\;^)Q!*F'B;QU\188-#BFCS@2V?PT)5\F.<[
M4:K=E^RY\*9KNWU3QU:^(/C%K5M(9(M4^,?B34_'T,399E-EX9U*2/P1I.UF
M9T71_]@B

XHQK1::KX?+L7.


\G_ *BWB:J




M17-B\'A

M=P364EI/'I*RV\EI*B2VTD3H\

MGB
EK8?(Z62U5'#K+
'@
/6A!X;$4
/!8BKA*E:*IT8J/M;23DFY:*=DE9MZ

PHHHI@%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !3
M7 *
058$#DD8.0



\=^ ETK_ (21;1/BCJVM
MZ/XM\
2^+--L)/$%O_2B.@SUP

M4/
(59EA$C

/
M^&TOB:-I6[AG0#W50P/(.0*_;C^RM4_Z&.^_\ -%_P#E?7XH^'/^5D'XK?\
M:&/X.?\ K:?Q-K]S* 
'^RM4_PACOO_   T7_Y7T?V5JG_0QWW_ ( :+_\
M*^MZB@#!_LK5/^ACOO\ P T7_P5]']E:I_T
=]_X :+_P#*^MZB@#SC1--U

MI_T
=]_X :+_ /*^MZB@#!_LK5/^ACOO_ #1?_E?1_96J?\ 0QWW_@!HO_RO

'^RM4_
MZ&.^_P# #1?_ )7T?V5JG_0QWW_@!HO_ 
KZWJ* 
'^RM4_Z&.^_\ -%_P#E
M?2'2M4_Z&.^ZC_EPT7U'_4/_ /U5OTAZ?BO\Q0!YQX*TW4I/#.ENFOWD2F.X
MPBV&CE5Q?70X+V#

MW/\ Z7W===0!@_V5JG_0QWW_ ( :+_\ *^C^RM4_Z&.^_P# #1?_ )7UO44
M8/\ 96J?]#'??^ &B_\ ROH_LK5/^ACOO_ #1?\ Y7UO44 8/]E:I_T
=]_X
M :+_ /*^C^RM4_Z&.^_\ -%_^5];U% &#_96J?\ 0QWW_@!HO_ROH_LK5/\


MW=W_  [&#_96J?\ 0QWW_@!HO_RNH_LK5/\ H8[[_P  -%_^5];U%?K(C!_L

M_E?1_96J?]#'??\ @!HO_P KZWJ* 
'^RM4_Z&.^_P# #1?_ )7T?V5JG_0Q
MWW_@!HO_ 
KZWJ* 
'^RM4_Z&.^_\ -%_P#E?7.:[INI+J'A$-X@O7+^(Y40

M6?[*U3_H8[[_ 

M T7_ .5]']E:I_T
=]_X :+_ /*^MZB@#!_LK5/^ACOO_ #1?_E?1_96J?\

MZWJ* 
'^RM4_Z&.^_P# #1?_ )7T?V5JG_0QWW_@!HO_ 
KZWJ* 
'^RM4_Z



MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH _#/PY_RL@_%;_M#'\'/_6T_B;7[F5^&?AS_ )60
M?BM_VAC^#G_K:?Q-K]S* BBB@ HHHH Y+0O^1A\:?\ 81T;_P!1W3*ZVN2T
M+_D8?&G_ &$=&_\ 4=TRNMH **** BBB@ HHHH **** D/3\5_F*6D/3\5





D_E2TC

%)M&F_:DN?V?O!W[.GQU^(O@;P[X]UCX1^

M/Q#\#ZIX+@^-0\7^&OA'_P *_P#$?B:WB^'_ (DT#U1OV=-4B_:4\$7/P-_8
MI^


M/PC^


@_

+\
Y#

M4$*% ZG_ (1O2_2^_P#!QK7_ 


L: -ZB

M+&C_ (1O2_2^_P#!QK7_ 
L: -ZD/]1_
5A?\(WI?I??^#C6O_EC2'PWI?\
M=ONH_P8QK7J/^HC0!0\@CPMI.1_P L[G_TONZZZO-_!7A_39O#.ER
MX&:
E^E



M8T ;U%8/_-Z7Z7W_@XUK_Y8T?\ -Z7Z7W_ (.-:_\ EC0!O45@_P#-Z7Z
M7W_@XUK_ .6-'_-Z7Z7W_@XUK_Y8T ;U%8/_-Z7Z7W_@XUK_Y8T?\ -Z7
MZ7W_ (.-:_\ EC0!O45@_P#-Z7Z7W_@XUK_ .6-'_-Z7Z7W_@XUK_Y8T ;






(W
MI?I??^#C6O\ Y8T?\(WI?I??^#C6O_EC0!O45@_\(WI?I??^#C6O_EC1_P (

M6O\ Y8T ;U%8/_-Z7Z7W_@XUK_Y8T?\(WI?I??^#C6O_EC0!O45@_\ -Z7








M?B=JWA?]J+_A']!E_9M.N?'S1- O=.3P+I/PYM-._:(_X2/P/X4UR2?5/C'X

#O!WC3XG^#G^,OP\N?!.A:+X.M_C1\(_A
MYXR^(/A)O'CCQQ)X2DTS3?!_C1(=;UR.XL?U(ZT ?AGX<_Y60?BM_VAC^#G
M_K:?Q-K]S*_F8_:#_;+_ &7_ -B;_@X/\9_$']JOXT^#/@=X





M\1?_ #-4?\/_ #_@CC_TD%_9^_\ !SXB_P#F:H _5C0O^1A\:?\ 81T;_P!1

M?PLJ$&:*15\MY
;3OVM\M=#_ 
/_ #_@CC_TD%_9^_\ !SXB_P#F:H _86BO

U1_P /_/\ @CC_ -)!?V?O_!SXB_\ F:H

M7M_X([Z9H5A8W'_!07]GPS0)

M_P'_G_!''_I(+^S]_X.?$7_ ,S5 '[T5^/7_#_ 

MO_F:H_X?^?\ !''_ *2_L_?^#GQ%_\ ,U0!^PM%?CU_P_\ /^./_207]G[
M_P '/B+_ .9JC_A_Y_P1Q_Z2_L_?^#GQ%_\S5 '[T5^/7_  _\_P./\

M./_ $D%_9^_\'/B+_YFJ/\ A_Y_P1Q_Z2_L_?^#GQ%_P#


M9I:_'D?\%_/^../^4@O[/W4_P#,9\1=R?7PS2_\/_/^./_ $D%_9^_\'/B

M 






S5


U1_P /_/\ @CC_

/A

@''!([X/:EHH _ G]J?]C#]
ML']H']M7X=:SJ?P^^ UQH?@CQP?'?P7_ &W= U*7P;\5O@5\+M#^-_[*OQ
N

M@SQGZ?J?_!+;QUX7_:N_90^
'P[_ &E_C1KOPW^'/[17[2GQ\^
GAKX@ZC\#

Y=2\



CU
ML44 8_\ PC^A_P#0(TO_ 
%MA_\ (]'_  C^A_\ 0(TO_P %MA_\CUL44 8_
M_/Z'_T-+_\%MA_\CT?\(_H?_0(TO\ \%MA_P#(];%% 'R)\%_@_KGA;X\_

MZ'_T-+_ /!;8?\ R/1_PC^A_P#0(TO_ ,%MA_\ (];%% &/_P (_H?_ $-
M+_\ !;8?_(]'_/Z'_T-+_\%MA_\CUL44 8_P#PC^A_] C2_P#P6V'_ 
CT


DJ+]4?\(_
MH?\ T-+_P#!;8?_ /6Q10!C_\ /Z'_P! C2__  6V'_R/1_PC^A_] C2_
M_!;8?_(];%% &/\ \(_H?_0(TO\ \%MA_P#(]'_/Z'_ - C2_\ P6V'_P C
MUL44 8__  C^A_\ 0(TO_P %MA_\CT?\(_H?_0(TO_P6V'_R/6Q10!C_ //
MZ'_T-+_ /!;8?\ R/1_PC^A_P#0(TO_ 

M_0(TO_P6V'_R/6Q10!C_ //Z'_T-+_ /!;8?\ R/1_PC^A_P#0(TO_ 
%M


MCZBNH?9EL[\NK;ZHHH QQX?T3 _XE&ECC_H&V'_ ,CT?\(_H?\ T-+_P#!
M;8?_ /6Q10!C_\ /Z'_P! C2__  6V'_R/1_PC^A_] C2__!;8?_(];%%
M&/\ \(_H?_0(TO\ \%MA_P#(]'_/Z'_ - C2_\ P6V'_P CUL44 8__  C^
MA_\ 0(TO_P %MA_\CT?\(_H?_0(TO_P6V'_R/6Q10!C_ //Z'_T-+_ /!;
M8?\ R/1_PC^A_P#0(TO_ ,%MA_\ (];%% &/_P (_H?_ $-+_\ !;8?_(]?
M+VD_#6[;]LWQY\4KCPGIB?#O6/V8_A/\/\ 2]:V:RS^
O#?Q;^-7B77-+&

M%MA_\CUL44 8_P#PC^A_] C2_P#P6V'_ 
CT?\(_H?\ T-+_P#!;8?_ /6

MC_\ /Z'_P! C2__  6V'_R/1_PC^A_] C2__!;8?_(];%% &/\ \(_H?_0(
MTO\ \%MA_P#(]'_/Z'_ - C2_\ P6V'_P CUL44 8__  C^A_\ 0(TO_P %
MMC_\CUJQQQPQI%$B1Q1HJ1QQJJ(B( JHB* JJH JH@   GT4 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% 

M[5_B?\=--T#X/1_LA?!G]MKPK^Q;XH\

M^.;3Q


MM(\


?@+:W'PUG\%66I:[JWBA_1
M;#]A_P,OP:TS]DKQW^SMXS^$Q^./[/G[/GCO]GKXA)\5]\8W?P^^+^C_%N






Z=JOQ&@U?Q^_PY6SL[E=




MXD\




I/CM^U'\7/C9?^'KOQ[\(O@Z8?'%GI




+

M:GK/C#2?$W[



MXG\8^(]*;3K6WAT?7]




'/%TO@2]\6ZWXL

^!]2\'?#[POXKTOX


M/A)\&KSXZ?M_!O[''P.^,'P?_9#\1Z3X8\9Z)X]U+5/B-\'M:_9O\ _$'XU
M7[WFK:58:M\&/@1XH\2Z+'H_@UNK+XE^/[^T\



MM&C
\;L44L\61&S;1N:
%F.PG)3+






MGA7P-X4L/!'@'Q1XYU/QM\3-8U'5++6CX







MP?X^^!/_  F7@3X2:A^TQ^U)\3)_@Q:_L\?$32M?\7?%+7]'\2_!/QKJ/@7Q



M;]LSX^_!_3_VS/A=\7].^$GCCX^? #X9? _XB?!WQ%\




MW@'P3^S;_P %#/B1\??VK-3^'\_Q@_9/\)?#7X]?M)?CP-\+K_ .%?[0=O


.O'46EW5A\*?#&E_#:




MQ-5DUS3O$'B^.UTVO??#W[._[67PB^#7P'T?X._%[X7W?Q$\):K\2/%G[1'@
M_P(_A74]0^$_P ??&/QLU[5OB#X\UBV\5:5I\GQ+\ ZGX3^*6OZMXC\:MI



M/#WP\M+/QC\=(_COK?QG\%Z8\_BMO6A?LPZ5XM\#_%VT^'VJRZAX9BU2:[_
M &B1\.O W@G6_$,5G;ZCX=\4_;=3TNQU&95L?(+7_@I-\9-'_93_ .FG[07

7BGP;J5YH
M$WBG7_&'QFTZP\;:;\-[^^T7PI92CPOHGB+Q7J.BS^+-9]^_8W_87U#]ES7/





MG[3EM%^T1;_%C0=$UO3/&


M]93P727
R:7I_P ._VE*/$-_P(-=OYM/\ 5YL?&G]F_\ :5_L,_W]G3Q



O%5EX7\&6'B+QIXI\



FA?#KX/^()-'

MB&;3GGM;A+J?Y3^$'[)O[3G[.?[)?P2^#_P7^-?PYM/B;\(/BK\1O'/B)?%'


\8Z#XGNM
U

M &QXP\20Z_XON[#0AKL/A_2?KB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HKQ/XF?&D_#76+#2
&<NQ=; XS,O8XK#S5.M2
M^IX^IR3:A*W/2PLZ<M)Q=XSDO.Z&DWM_6W^:/K(L <?-^L1^8!% (/3/XJP


M*I1P_M?:4?;)3F^23=\EU=.[LG:UM[=;^?\ 73^CJBODS_AJX_\ 1MG[6/\
MX9L__-)7LOPQ^)A^)EAJE^?A_P#$WX?_ -F7T5C]B^)OA/\ X12_U#S;2.Z^


\:P
M^*_A9\
?B)XNUOX7VG@OQ)X-\$WGQ$^-6I_LV'PW+JVJ^.]#O==U'2?CEHFK
G_ !1\3:AI/@*3PO\ /7?%_[2/Q6_9.LM!\77^G?$.^O-9O[#XT_
M'Q'IFJ7'P^T_QGI5OX7N=

MV\5O\


U?4?@I\;?B3\!_A

MV

%K?6O'47Q TBVTG6_VIF7QFB:: ?J]17P'XR_P"C7P)\!_$'Q+\/O$&
MF^-EN=!\^+_ !W8:MI</@S6U\26?@SPIX5\8WFE:=X4TKQM<_$31]5\0Z9X

M+#Q+XG\

MX\?4%U#5_'WQ0\%6'A74?&EEX/T#5K:\U:[N-7T^+P]JIBX?X;_\%'++4O%4



MCI**_
8?\%

M@OEKWBK_ (*/_'O5/$WA+XR_$+]GG]H&'P]X
_9W^$'@#0;?Q7\1/#&K_#UI




MA)]%U'P]\*_'

RS]QJ*_.;5?VOOBAX2

T70_'T7Q'^+?A[X9^ _BI!\*]:'

MG:IKWBC3?'W@OQ;9S:!9:##H%W_PDOA6[T_58]-TSQ-J_P!YT %%%% !1110

M/G3W





=:\#?$#X:_ CQUXW^)&I?'/2]9NO@_X2;P+:?%?

]:UOP9X5^'WQ
\1_



%'/#OB_P 8?M0^




&/@!K5AX<\:Z^=3A^)

MF7P#O_&7BGP)X;TCQUXO\0Z/XEU;P/X8MO#$'@W4H_'_ (ZT3XNZ!\#;[PEI


X









M % ?#M)_'UWX
XMP#]<:*_
+7_P#@I9X=O-5?
MPM\
OA5XE\4^
=(^
O[


M/?%.GV?B'P_K'P^\4IJ7PY\3W/A_QGIK-HDNLZ191:C+':?4?[
_[4W@C]J3


 ]0#^%!4$$8'(QT%+119=OZ_I+[@/S2^/7_  37\&?'CXL^
:3MEE





MB
O[%7[-

@U




H:?K4^HO?6VEZ=%X5CE7PG)<:'+]7T4 ?.7Q'_95^
M#_Q5\::QXZ\7V?C235?%'@;0/AIXTTW0?BA\2/7A3Q[X#\+:KXSUG0?OCG
MPAX5\4Z/X<\5:/97WQ\:)+;:OI]P-3TWQ%J6B:L;_19O[/'&^+?V#OV7/&O

MB:AK7@OQIXN2SUZ^\*ZG=7.AVEUINFP:9965A916=?7]% 'R_K'[&G[..OQW


M** &[$_NK_WR/\*\



M492A*
XNTHR4HNR=I1::=FFG9K9II]4*45*+C+52335VKIJS5TTUIV9_

M_P#8;]F3P?X@T#Q7X5_:B_:D\/^)?FMZ-XD\
ZUIDGP@M[W0]?\/:C:ZOH


M2DO@&XD_X02XO+JQD?QGX\:;Q++J/Q#3XNZC_P ++F_X2?S?BRNH_%:
?$F_


 ]0#^


 =!BO
?BE\'_ ?QCTS0]-\
M)O!7BSPCXIMM





M^(VK:/HZV][\6?%

M'AOQ5K?A[48=0TF_N;63[*HH ^-;C]@#]DRXTBXT





/A:



 'defref_betr_DocumentEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SecuredDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_ContingentCompensationFairValueDisclosureCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SecuredLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_ContingentCompensationFairValueDisclosureNonCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValueOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsChangeInAmountOfContingentConsiderationLiability1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsChangeInAmountOfContingentConsiderationLiability1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonUnitOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MembersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DistributionMadeToLimitedLiabilityCompanyLLCMemberCashDistributionsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonUnitOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MembersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DistributionMadeToLimitedLiabilityCompanyLLCMemberCashDistributionsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonUnitOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MembersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_TreasuryStockSharesRecapitalized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_TreasuryStockValueRecapitalized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Dividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Dividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_StockholdersEquityIssuanceofTaxReceivableAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_TreasuryStockSharesVestingofRestrictedStockAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardForfeited'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCostsAndDiscounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsChangeInAmountOfContingentConsiderationLiability1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfSecuredDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfSecuredDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLongTermLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_IssuanceofTaxReceivableAgreements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionValueOfLiabilitiesAssumed1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionValueOfLiabilitiesAssumed1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionValueOfLiabilitiesAssumed1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsChangeInAmountOfContingentConsiderationLiability1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsChangeInAmountOfContingentConsiderationLiability1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCostsAndDiscounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsChangeInAmountOfContingentConsiderationLiability1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfSecuredDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfSecuredDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLongTermLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_IssuanceofTaxReceivableAgreements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionValueOfLiabilitiesAssumed1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionValueOfLiabilitiesAssumed1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionValueOfLiabilitiesAssumed1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsChangeInAmountOfContingentConsiderationLiability1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsChangeInAmountOfContingentConsiderationLiability1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfOperations'


 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_DeferredFinancingCostsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_SignificantRisksandUncertaintiesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpensePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_RecognitionofNetSalesSalesIncentivesandTradeAccountsReceivablePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfSalesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfBusinessAcquisitionsByAcquisitionTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SchedulesOfConcentrationOfRiskByRiskFactorTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=betr_SponsorAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=betr_PaquiLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfBusinessAcquisitionsByAcquisitionTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNonvestedRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonvestedRestrictedStockSharesActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNonvestedShareActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_ScheduleofSharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherthanOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromExternalCustomersByGeographicAreasTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=betr_SponsorAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SecuredDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SecuredDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SecuredDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SecuredDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentageRateRangeMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfSecuredDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageofRolloverStockAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfSecuredDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_ContingentCompensationFairValueDisclosureCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_ContingentCompensationFairValueDisclosureCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContingentConsiderationByTypeAxis=betr_ContingentConsiderationAchievementofContributionMarginBenchmarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationPeriodofRecognition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContingentConsiderationByTypeAxis=betr_ContractualPaymentsBasedonPerformanceThresholdsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_ContingentCompensationFairValueDisclosureCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContingentConsiderationByTypeAxis=betr_ContractualPaymentsBasedonPerformanceThresholdsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_ContingentCompensationFairValueDisclosureCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContingentConsiderationByTypeAxis=betr_EstimatedPaymentsBasedonTaxBenefitEstimateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_ContingentCompensationFairValueDisclosureCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContingentConsiderationByTypeAxis=betr_EstimatedPaymentsBasedonTaxBenefitEstimateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_ContingentCompensationFairValueDisclosureCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonrecurringAdjustmentAxis=betr_BorrowingsonTermLoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfSecuredDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonrecurringAdjustmentAxis=betr_December2014SpecialDividendMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonrecurringAdjustmentAxis=betr_BorrowingsontheTermLoanandRevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonrecurringAdjustmentAxis=betr_May2015SpecialDividendMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=betr_FormerParentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_ShareholderCommonSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis=betr_RelatedPartyTransactionFounderEmploymentAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsRangeofOutcomesforEachIndividualValueHigh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsRangeOfOutcomesValueHigh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis=betr_RelatedPartyTransactionFounderPrepaymentAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiabilityPerIndividual'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_IPOMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=betr_TATopco1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_LiquidationPercentageofVotingInterestsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_LiquidationPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=betr_TAAssociatesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_ShareholderOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_ShareholderEquityInstrumentsOtherthanOptionsShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredCashEscrowDeposit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredEquityInterestsIssuedAndIssuable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAcquiredFromAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredNetofCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=betr_SponsorAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=betr_SponsorAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TradeNamesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaNetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaEarningsPerShareBasicandDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=betr_AssemblersFoodPackagingLLC.Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=betr_SponsorAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContingentConsiderationByTypeAxis=betr_ContingentConsiderationforEarnOutPeriodMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredLiabilitiesIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_LossonContingentCompensationFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_NotesPayableOtherPayablesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_NotesPayableOtherPayablesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredLiabilitiesIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=betr_FormerParentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_StockholdersEquityIssuanceofTaxReceivableAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_ContingentCompensationFairValueDisclosureCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_LossonContingentCompensationFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_StockholdersEquityIssuanceofTaxReceivableAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_ContingentCompensationFairValueDisclosureCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_ContingentCompensationFairValueDisclosureCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_ContingentCompensationFairValueDisclosureCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_ContingentCompensationFairValueDisclosureCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_ContingentCompensationFairValueDisclosureCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementEarlyAdoptionAxis=us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementEarlyAdoptionEffectMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_ContingentCompensationFairValueDisclosureCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_ContingentCompensationFairValueDisclosureNonCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_ContingentCompensationFairValueDisclosureCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonfinancialLiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_ContingentCompensationFairValueDisclosureCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_ContingentCompensationFairValueDisclosureNonCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonfinancialLiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_ContingentConsiderationFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationCalculationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsChangeInAmountOfContingentConsiderationLiability1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=betr_SponsorAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationCalculationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsChangeInAmountOfContingentConsiderationLiability1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationCalculationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonfinancialLiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonfinancialLiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationCalculationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonfinancialLiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsChangeInAmountOfContingentConsiderationLiability1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsPaymentforContingentCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonfinancialLiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=betr_PaquiLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationCalculationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredLiabilitiesIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationCalculationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsChangeInAmountOfContingentConsiderationLiability1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationCalculationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsChangeInAmountOfContingentConsiderationLiability1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationCalculationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_ContingentConsiderationFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsChangeInAmountOfContingentConsiderationLiability1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_ContingentConsiderationFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationCalculationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredLiabilitiesIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableRollforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_ValuationAllowancesandReservesWriteOffsandAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableRollforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_ValuationAllowancesandReservesWriteOffsandAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_AllowanceForPromotionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableRollforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_ValuationAllowancesandReservesWriteOffsandAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_AllowanceForPromotionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableRollforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_ValuationAllowancesandReservesWriteOffsandAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_EarningsPerShareNumeratorAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_EarningsPerShareDenominatorAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_EarningsPerShareNumeratorAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_EarningsPerShareDenominatorAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredNetofCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationProFormaInformationRevenueOfAcquireeSinceAcquisitionDateActual'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=betr_PaquiLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAcquiredFromAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredNetofCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContingentConsiderationByTypeAxis=betr_ContingentConsiderationforEarnOutPeriodMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredLiabilitiesIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_NotesPayableOtherPayablesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredLiabilitiesIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwillAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsGrossExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwillAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwillAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwillAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwillAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwillAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwillAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_WeightedAverageMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwillAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsRemainingAmortizationPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedAmortizationDeferredFinanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_InterestExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_InterestExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedIncomeTaxesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_AccruedUnbilledInventoryCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedSalesCommissionCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedBonusesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedProfessionalFeesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SecuredDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_NotesPayableOtherPayablesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_NotesPayableOtherPayablesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=betr_ThirdAmendedCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_DebtInstrumentCovenantFixedChargeCoverageRatioMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_DebtInstrumentMandatoryPrepaymentTermsPercentageofExcessCashFlow'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_DebtInstrumentMandatoryPrepaymentTermsPercentageofExcessCashFlowStepdownLeverageThresholdOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_DebtInstrumentMandatoryPrepaymentTermsPercentageofExcessCashFlowStepdownLeverageThresholdTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_DebtInstrumentMaximumAmountofAllowedDividendsorDistributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_DebtInstrumentTermsMinimumCashandCashEquivalentsSubjecttoFirstPriorityLien'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=betr_ThirdAmendedCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_DebtInstrumentCovenantEBITDARatioMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=betr_ThirdAmendedCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_DebtInstrumentCovenantEBITDARatioMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentageRateRangeMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SecuredDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SecuredDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SecuredDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SecuredDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SecuredDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SecuredDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SecuredDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SecuredDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentageRateRangeMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_LineofCreditFacilityIncreaseinBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLongTermLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_NotesPayableOtherPayablesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis=betr_TaxReceivableAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_RelatedPartyTransactionU.S.FederalStateandLocalRealizedTaxBenefitsPercentageRetained'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=betr_FormerParentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_RelatedPartyTransactionU.S.FederalStateandLocalRealizedTaxBenefitPaymentPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_RelatedPartyTransactionEstimatedAnnualTaxPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_RelatedPartyTransactionEstimatedAnnualTaxPaymentPaymentPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_StockholdersEquityIssuanceofTaxReceivableAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=betr_SponsorAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_BusinessCombinationAnnualBaseSalaryObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContingentConsiderationByTypeAxis=betr_ContingentConsiderationAchievementofContributionMarginBenchmarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsRangeofOutcomesforEachIndividualValueHigh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=betr_PrecisionCapitalGroupLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=betr_PrecisionCapitalGroupLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=betr_PrecisionCapitalGroupLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_RelatedPartyTransactionNumberofConsultingAgreements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=betr_PrecisionCapitalGroupLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_RelatedPartyTransactionServicesProvidedContractedPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=betr_PrecisionCapitalGroupLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=betr_PrecisionCapitalGroupLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=betr_SponsorAcquisitionRelatedExpensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_StockholdersEquityIssuanceofTaxReceivableAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_StockholdersEquityIssuanceofTaxReceivableAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=betr_MonticelloPartnersLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeasingArrangementsOperatingLeasesTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentByCategoryOfItemPurchasedAxis=us-gaap_InventoriesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToSuppliers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationByCategoryOfItemPurchasedAxis=us-gaap_InventoriesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceSheetAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFirstAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnSecondAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnThirdAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComponentsOfDeferredTaxAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAllowanceForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesandAccrualsPromotionalActivity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_DeferredTaxAssetsAcquisitionCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComponentsOfDeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPrepaidExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDeferredExpenseDeferredFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseTransactionRelatedServicesPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardProbabilityInitialPublicOfferingisCompleted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardProbabilitySaleofCompanyisCompleted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardRiskAdjustedDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardLiquidityEventTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardInitialPublicOfferingScenarioRiskAdjustedDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardInitialPublicOfferingScenarioRiskAdjustedDiscountRateSaleofCompanyScenarioRiskAdjustedDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=betr_A2015PlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=betr_A2015PlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=betr_A2015PlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=betr_A2015PlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsLackofMarketabilityDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherthanOptionsConverted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualLifeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantedWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedOptionsExercisedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedOptionsForfeitedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_WeightedAverageMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_WeightedAverageMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_WeightedAverageMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherthanOptionsConverted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherthanOptionsConvertedinPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherthanOptionsConverted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherthanOptionsConvertedinPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsLackofMarketabilityDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonrecurringAdjustmentAxis=betr_December2014SpecialDividendMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_IPOMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_LossonContingentCompensationFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_IPOMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ScenarioForecastMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_ContingentCompensationFairValueDisclosureCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsPaymentforContingentCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsPaymentforContingentCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_betr_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsPaymentforContingentCompensation'


*LN_(%#A\TG*
D\\I&'VP

MD96AR

M1Y&5H\C*4605*+(*%%D%BJP15:!(JM D56@RI09!4HL@H4626*K!)%5HDB

M(JMD56CR*I19-4HLFH4636*K!I%5HTBJT:15:/(JE%D7:+(NGR5E4Q_U;_Z
M!5!+ P04     5BWU(2'4%[L4    K @  P   %]R96QS+RYR96QSK9++

\E


(9Y;AFWE89.D\^(GT%V-NFM[2ENW)
M4] '_K




0VEH:9WGT]60R9'W_
(O!M$A+#T0N!!R
K3WUNUE_2N2NG




M!0@G2Y2E!/GE($\)LM!@1)D

BM'+T5Z*T<O17H



MT3LO2/IK Z+

2H %0
?OKNP E
ME;)!D-0AOA@$]F&Q'^^!XH2KT?5
BARD9J#(2Y9R=8V3GP9KK?/K(%#1&C*J


M[]:4KRNV[Y=W.7B!TAE(CT=?QCAWSX%N_EJ;Z QXZL995*%DXV^WDDA=R6
M::./K5(L(E-T]6.!YU
#LJ0*S/#38$

M9'3)4F:$TVGW*/AJN 9D2DLM3T-A?8]*
9XL\=%:DK3'9.;ZTHB/Y[[T^G<77T_QLUR/^;B(R;ZG[
QR
P5T=@W'W@
MQ5R


8?N=
M


MEX/@\(M7^!]02P



V334_#



!FGK_# J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#W(*+$MX
M%

M5FO'T=)(@(+)?90%NDGVH]

WJ=?3K.
M:Y1_::L!I^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z'&=?
_V

MFCU7H5A)VH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU+


CIW0F




VPLCO='U!=*Y \FIS_I
M








M U[F$RQ#I'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\U*M:I60K
M$3]+!WP?D@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F 6/

H68XWX=%FAHSU8NL.8T*

















V
T8Y8P).R_%2FCM'M\[V3DSW4IW
IDQ [V



MH\G.4/,$)Q+=POEKIOO%*(0L$S0G 2M?$EGG9Y] U1Z'A&9G0@U3)T/$/'
MLU


%RAE5B@:X7


IE.Z+0
M]I*P/8@JL78IT?:2L#V
PMJE1-M+PO8PI.]1-M+PO8PI.]1-O+DRIUC\)D
&%/!

MPO:]B++@5U57+7L1@;PV#17_-JSF]U6(PD?':W6^*-
1E44T\HY5PUI9\380
M[+0*U^AYAW(#L8@_%;O+23TP@]]S_F8:OXZK

C
3)+1\9'H!A6R$&%W.<C
M1P* 8%AB 4HL?+Z3+1L ,I,N2U!BZ?-31P* 9+$.70@V\5^A-PU7NSM.H[1
M3.JB&7LC7\=-+@BSG%$!/;Y&V(N O6
$P

*@!FSBL(=CSR#8V=+-L-F'R294D\XWH$VQ[YIL9.
MDFT'S#29<[(@<E=K6AR=35
G.T;0 8'?FWMDV/2.[XSUO8VCC[A9='1
_M-

M+W-H965T

MKP['\+5==&]U7;;_;4+5G!^79OGQX-OA==^/#Y+U*KG%[0YU.':'YKAHP\OC
M\E?SL.5\E$R*OP_AW

M4/._UT)_UCD&SJ\_2O]]:NY@_ZGLPK:I_CGL^OW@-ETN=N&E?*OZ;\WYCW!M

4;^?QPN+F(LDFR7&2


MZ5YRU4N.7D02;'*LQ3C9*2C*;1/M5(@=
OU^-'(FH02;$I0)$4;-K
DIR!
MFLSYPD;\1*!FP(]-I1^#?3O4XW-I2-

MGB3


PG03F
M53



MCML@%(9?Q?(##+[@6^18:EQ5[:+2:!;MFB0DM@8;%T@\??L=EP'F,QD$6[_
M?\YWP()RI.R5-Q@+[ZTC/=_ZC1##!@!^:''^!

CU 2H

(R D1:3]<^;/ @)@DF9;T$T0<&*+:%DG-.R2QDR2V
M24*W'SK]\.-*H%U)E)D[ZA 5Z3LDB9,DL4F,)+M)DJ^2!$]ROT*#Y4/9'4WJ
MI$EMFMB@F23I^OR)- _ \A66L([I

F;P)#_-1KY-RX#@DU#=3/;9=%U/ T&'V^.SO(#5

O






B
Q;$HCJ(8A.+H4921$K'05&;





.V#-



MFEN+:;[4ZN9F9
K!:Q68SA;_WPE

MG4]




8L(@ERXVZ&!97&U@%F&^JU?


M!!0    ( )6+?4@C-B
/4P0  



M'VXQ3D_CF#Q$P']?I_D-
CL7Y9]J;TP=_
VS8_4XV=?UZ2$




#%@-TVX(



8

\DGLQ
:@3&[8RP'D35P$$O.
M
M
D$4Y:0K?+FL;DKL1&CV

?0(/
M-)09166\@S






7]Y@S_\'4$L#!!0    ( )6+

M4]LX%
6_2H;W--9_J0/



M6AEU.?G95M1I;HX:G6ETKKE%&I-KOB*-S353K@DQE\R ).62$ESI73%IVN.]

MRMN3\BGA\A:6MX?R)FNN@MPL +'#9#'Z^8H0?)YGB-% /I-R!209&J9EQE

MK$^1F8C01.0F+(V7.&BB3Y&92-!$ B9(O\_2H(D^16:B':P1N0M@0U-6%H
^

F.D@%$8B(H3
MD8YWLTZ372@Y3^T E?)1LH/YJBRSPY\7RRYDG*%NN&ALG#!6*
QJQ6%M'37C
MV'62T]0
%RDG 59APBJ 6
MZB@-T[!-UPT7*)JEI

<RI&1[[839:NX@@XY

M5-F=Y::%'(+A(Z&7G@Y

.U[);D13'OC
M0:-:H0K
:0

Q*_8LCED'8I;W['#
=I)PQKW@F'4\
M9H
P$W


$ +NG\S
M]3SIHY.F;K@H6F%T])@['DP6Z#[.U*-<-WNZ2B+V@KAXC'$/)@ST 3]U'-$
M:;KQ7 *1
87T% N[CCQ%1)$Z]8


M2M8X@

'\Z:+]1RUQ77%T$81
M8SBG#D=L^+@8K,$DK$JE+3U'S$&(\J84PS&P31123-(R8V#:9@1%N5E()Q

$^I/%T][]$
AV%$2MBGD:T64EY&CDI=0R.34N!
M;JR=EK:G(V9J1-N6E*F1H])Y1:






0V2C


]OC


  !@


NY(
M6^^[ V.N;$$+=X




$%     @


0



MUA[;*





#@2






L




-G4_QK10Y2W=U3TH;_
QL*:A^/C^%LQY$:#8_=[8/

M='

2YX;6Q]4\%NW 0_17D#P@VZZ39E==2-E64'I%.;1GUA[;
M*
EN/ES HGC
M,<F2J^--M)T+#EH6=,'50H&V C4QT!R3A^QPRD-$#/@I8+2K,PG:SXCOP7BI
MCTD:)($R@4&[K<+/(*4@<@G_CUS?J8

ML'7


M(9W_/XLAH7'A^

$%     @ E8M]2&(LW#B@
M 0  L0
6UE$U4)0^5HCRTSZP]ME& <0OD[\/8*_CME9?@!GFG#DS#
6(
MYL5V (Z\*:GM

S

M+W-H965T
3

['/-BIP

M4Z/5P@?3-LQU%D250%HQGF7W3 MI:)$GW[


M%KWR+SA\A:F$?20L4;FTDK)W'O4-0HD6[^






VN/;11@7
#K].\+V.LXC=4+

.\-V^&H1C1OK@.


(?X'P;GF\JS!
\?Z?P
M?IM@OTFP3P3[_Y;X
2:




M !(J%QBXW\[P %(&(I_X8^:\I@S ]?G_BU6Z]6?N(4'E#]$[3HO-DU(#0T?
MI'O#\0GF$FX#8872QI54@W6H+I$*/XY[4+'?9QNLGR&;0/8#& +X&L:A4^)


$%     @ E8M]2%@LP&:@ 0  L0
VRC N(#7Z=\7L-=Q6JL78(9Y;]X,0S&B?74=@=O
M6AEWHIWW_9$Q5W6@A;O#'DRX:=!JX8-I6^9ZZ).(*T8S[)[IH4TMR2[]F6

M2 $_)(QN=291^P7Q-1K?ZA/-H@104/G((






M






ZT)=



$%
M  @ E8M]2&6Q$@Z@ 0  L0



)VL^(;\%XKH])&B2 A
H%!NZW



  !D   !X

G6\R+;ST<'*@BVX6FHP3J(A%IHC?<P/IWV
2 $_)(QN
M=291^QGQ-1K?ZB/-H@104/G((

M\(3JIZQ]%\1FE-30B$'Y%QR_PES;22L4+FTDFIP'O450HD6;],N3=K'Z89_
MFF'; #X#^ )XR)+P*5&2^5EX41861V*GUO8BOF!^X*$1572FNM-=$.J]U+R
7J3]_RZ$4+WX5MI7'DC#Z\
M;.I_@^@A2



M0%HQGF5W3 MI:%DDWY


2 &_)8QN=291^QGQ)1H_ZR/-H@104/G((
)V@0=0

\ O@^)@;$B69WX4796%Q)'9J





MAY6J'G;/Q![;J


MI;9L07%[@QUH?U.C4=QYTS34=@9X%4%*4I:FMU1QH9
BC[YG4^38.RDT/!MB







MG#-GAB$?T+ZZ%L3-ZV,.]#6^V[/FM;T


M&?1$ OU@3YL]L==C$@!OR0,;G$F4?L)\34:/ZH#S:($4%#ZR#=H9'4H2







W.




X

M_^ZV:]+?

MA]C91;=O]\XDJLSJM:)96B972W3';'H
'6'(@$@



M#
VS@$S J&101;^)P,@F@=*C$WK@F=ZBS](@

030/

MX=]H$!2J-WP3$&!S

K5_
HWA
&GX0=OAW(QEWRKU$RW.C\YO:#^K

MNV@[%PJT+.CJX4;05J8J Y9B^;PVD?$!'P4\!H5W

\A !

CL1

M@J4L3NP_.DO3M\F$VTC?KMV?GM


VC-Q)K&U8%S \?;OSCQ9IV)U%X





)B(8


MZ?ZTB;U@1R4\$DZ%

$%

18U/W(*AY4 -(M]
J+:AU2]UA
VB@





XE@]L6=



KN^ #/

M&/(![9MK 3SYT
JX$VV][XZ
N;(%+=P==F#38U6Q]

M


M\ZAO$$JT^!AW:=(^C#=;/L'6 7P\!EPR)+P,5&2^2R\*'*+ [%C:SL17W!S
MY*$1972FNM-=$.J]UKPPT/.KI%HBCF/




)=P'0A+5#:NI!RL0WV!4*+%Y[3++N[C=).E


M


A_WE@RR_M/@/4$L#!!0    ( )6+

P+GAM;'54
M6V^;
 '&

M1]M3]P=W1V(/HG1!7[??LXEJ&[T6Y&F7XZL3FC'G4-6F#L6_7%@H0LSN0_

0)@V;'((F
MAX# 86







TB !)!0N







VN/;11@7






+8(%]B4%WTIQXO_!^38\
MWU28)WB^SO[PL$VPWR38)X+]NQ+YAQ*W8O(/2=BJIQILFT;'D0H'DP9UY5VF



MV-Z%31/20





-7



M?6^F+'!P4FAX
\0.2G'SYP@2QT.2)1?'NV@[%QRT+.BJX4;05J8J Y) _9
M_K@+$3'@EX#1KLXD:#\A?@3CM3XD:9  $BH7&+C?SO (4@8BG_ASYOQ.&8#K





M2P

MUO76!W!5XI77
 '2


XB9%U*2('RY


M971S+W-H965T

P$'X5Q 

M5!NSM@G=MU_;$$+I](+MX?LSQI
.0KZK&D!['YRUZN376G?'(%!Y#9RJ!]%!


MAI._\6^%MZ:JM2T$61K




M;K)#37:(P&YE@F'VN









;O^=F88D3S:CL 1]Z4U/:8=
[U!TIMU8'B]@9[T/ZF




PS%B.;5
M=@.OFI[3'IG.L/E-JJ \7M#?:@_4V#1G'G3=-2VQO@=00I25F:WE+%A4[*


M7)^O[#]CM5[]F5MX0/E'U*[S8M.$U-#P0;IG'!]A+F$?N4-JZD&JQ#=84D


:%XS=_-M-(38;#_OI!
MEE]:O@-02P



MZV\;-6E^K.B_K;[]=::T.)G\JCVUF/






$1Z40!V) %LTLH)&@/ I@4B2@D1Q (PEH

@
M(I(ILS9:J4L6!&J3!$HCJ8C$A+AN




!/=

8Y'D59]X$ !32R@D&<H%$0<
MB-[(AA

M ;UB 
P)W&WLN$


I!GT9LW!SET7)OI<

(

MONE$KQK9)X


GNU@2:;S6A#WMG4
M=YO
T*68<3$D,PT , S#$P[  8R H@BE 3!%@<N97K0@PN5%LC%.G!+83NYQ


MOU!+ P04     5BWU(W5+?X0

%(W?I[9V*O(


R6<R96J-]Y]A[Z$Q @6G$K[]8JK5)S=*;['R*<;Z\:.G=O9H)ZV3(AZ0C00
MPO2_!-P3\(,0VTJ=,UO7U$DSP3O/.'^14O

$';*+NG*Y



+56#+QU^JVX+



RYX;6R56MMR


VC\8&ZG


LJVO%PL


G71?-_

QM:
-N#6@!\-..LT$-9 Q!I(:R!C#90U

M?4XX\V=\U*[%9B7?IF4ZO=SGA\&^I=\NK5G.+BJKRGG];L.-YL-J
1?5NQ]3
MR?GEZ*/V9#'7+88[&.%B;BB
=#&W%$:YF*\41KN8.PIC7

MZ7CPYG'68G2#V3881H\AZ3$D
8:W#F8MQIR






$YPS
M![SE!-N4URO
+



^!I@O 7\%Z=
^ EH*BI:?'3Q9T

M:%L%X(@@MCCMR?V#!76=4BQ$DQ W$L T$3+-H!

!%(E(I3-:(]SBS38HYLGX+BD.
[\/#FQSW




!!96A@C(#;IHDD%#90T(ED% 9


4[<<F@O;/B@R8N&22Q_AX)H.@Z76F@&9JX/M#@

-&*ZI/=C_EL^W!V?9=QS]!5'0
Q)CP4<*IQFD< W:B 9AA
PSHFPQ@I^EQ'V$ .PVQ_QKOGG!FPG::

5Q_*4JXC)+%\<7Z^RUK)_6U=VWOZ-I7Y3Y[O-G0<??

M='

MQ!





W&=BKRW


M00_Q%


M5*42F11B=+!(JL6D]PM,LCHVD8D833(T9YQ!:/(
UP!PGJ()F^*2GJ()VP


M&)\1X8/-)QM)*N2A]H$G!1PA15=J#D$UDBL%%= BY
F*)




$%     @ E8M]2' ==IFI





W

0SZ[=]6:][G[DH<V# [ -@#W ?T\<$!D Z)K

<#,!=22.#CS8L!N

'G=#'S%0


8N2GL)-#*@J:3PXIQ87D\N4/P
M@8!25\]L?'!9$+QJJ\6%?$%).&4.?+@@Z'1Q?O+L_G]I);LHG*!9-I;]#[).

61[*G/PC?5ZWP


+


QF-+8\/&%T1@6P*
M-@+QN4.88$$%$@ !WBTJ#TF,YBNC[*8#


MF4X' NOT 47 [DLF). *0O$W$@+7$

MF5O
NBYJRQ\0* /LYA
2\!&!

MKJ5^S-0S[QNL_D6RW;%?')K6ZC]02P
$%     @ E8M]2 A96Y[F 0  Q@4



MV-U1)H9)\21[-



M@D-MW'1KYVIJ

:1EXQC=U
MFR)I#F_\D6=9FZGI^8]
^MEG&S@\_\C^K;O=!O\EJ?BCR'ZGV_K0T#HS:\MW

M7/K! :X


$$7I? '26(



^8U6
M7[J;Q([JC4#$?%_9RJR!RC.L6(1]B9 OJ6N6% V[B4(*%!B@\LES#3C8XXA=



MB%-1MR]Q@];+1XP':E^3E?85NUOWGR(^TRSFQV3/?R;E/BTJZT74S4MX]ZJ\
M$Z+F#:1SVU3D@2?;RT7&=W5[&C;G9?]!HK^HQ?'C^\KE(\_B'U!+ P04



S.7K37Q)#HK(H%$K=O7T!CC'[9


W2]=U+PUM^
MS)1I0$F



M.]!3H=YX\YUU8PB-8


M0^Z

^!Z7OD8


MH:\4[*!

M8$F69#E%J H0DC!FIJ+W6L'Q*'&!]8V8?;M5SY [%8SN#:IK;X_E_J;DFV
M

M+\H&=SQRK[K-(=9)?D@3)]/;Q\$3?5A17B(5\==!G_/6M5
._B--?Y4W;YO'



M4XSQNLP

YG-L0Y
M!2E]MJ%O+%!@-LUMRA

M:8G4BN$./N[@V[4XYS6B&R-4_I*=\#ZVAF@SY74@@)TO.

MK9[($*9LAD)@93W;T#=#@13
42OP1'A!(9]T?B@H JJ!!?@?QDM


M^GQ'

 7B3[0
MH@_TW@=:W8&ZL=]XDE-^=T^9-$Q[R?! ^D

+7#1@I_0!4P(FP?;S
M)1=LZ/

P$/XK


73^PQ'G&


MPE




*\;COA7)A4

0[ 4)7
 ; [E3D.$*
 L0.(QPH(


&-'\&D@G=* 1Y.3T7:^)T(MN0**$

&3A
MO(H8LEU'4?=$N
4!\[AWE

FQ.@IG2L)-SI@3I\Y

:1?/SH!=RADB HV+3?SMWX^MU-P(P/BY&3NGL%=2LG7JZ6X ZGO0+_:
M:]#XKF I3

[PLCGPO?G.UKUH=

**(0]VIQULQS4
:K$SW6MJWU7?@_0#(X^WEFKHZ\K_4$L#

M=#4S+GAM;(V4S8Z;

M?F 06E


T;\JQ!O9O!UN_!#HX%7?*-,*8?[WS%J\I$TBO_



(G%-.)/KL0
MDL R8E!&[,A(9K:1@/SD?A]2,$#J* 433([=3:9I?$D95P
3L((5I*!2C)





A6D@E
M_CUI/E)JXG)^5_]JJE7N+UC F9%?;2D;9=9SG1(J?7RG0W?8HAUH(%(\)\

A& F^




M_P502P
$%     @ E8M]2



MR.1L

M DXT/#D

(.'.C 40@X+A_
:(/Q:DS:A
%U*+#*
MWR!@ .DYKM5#]DBYD)0+2-D#4@W&[73UQ ++5CD!H
LX:2EYD)('*#D#2I[2

L;U
MM+ ,56U
QN0;T8E$E$@):*=#P[\/2TL+ Q&]#R-ZPM#'G@530L20$BFI



9342V




[#]02P
$


M2ZU
 .49FO+*AD$K&]YZ JJC_V-W.*5&806O#?1RUO=
[6?.W\W@3WGT U



MS*8!A4J9;J+[8KC?PT#Q[OY:34]F_@E02P
$%     @ E8M]2$3@^-A\ @

M





M+GAM;'V5RXZ;





M+\VUEGHB*HMH]9V;CO6BX7TPLLL^_ )W%01:8A2_&C:)33_0\$?.7_7@QWD?



PAL?(]


M(+JJ^@H1\* @NQ(!Y_^

M.)=




0




!*1PED)) )P1M
8E84TGSK..]TPVKUU*]2?J%1O]:#)K'FG4B'4
MZD/TR#S3EIHQ#P/&/\*X]\B5C:I!/
VL8$Z +QE

M*! 8 7(C$$Y'3QP31#J C[.$9HQBL!IR+65#&&^2'(#Q^/-0(%H@=B'3#1

)=94


!ECJ$ZMQ)CEV\0AS&P:VS@7%+@ L=VA0/KE%CYQP1R8^.F



MKY;MN1_%:IE_5.GI;'X4L_(CRY+BW[5)\^O3G
V_3OP\O1^KYD2P6@9WN_TI
M
_;Y^G<?EYOORQ:X8-N#7@
M=P/.!@V$-1!C#:0UD&
-E#508PVT-=!C#2)K$(TU6%B#Q=V R4&#V!K$3H3@


]QO7ZVC4GV^74_E9?_[(^^[G28;@
/AM'


M60 '#E);I!$X2 R#Q
!P\GVIHDZUT2%[1\.U%P]M-.$()2[$*UH?QB5V
@
M%K%8&0:7\?'@


6F!B!B(D(%Y@8
8$8@8D1

M!%%X)



M0L00[9G&Q.@)Q&A

M;WE5Y5G[NN:0YY6I?88/-1='D^SO7U)SJ)K#J#XN;B_V;E^J_/+UGO+^LG3U

O

BYX;6QUE-^.HR 4QE_%^  #4O]-8TVVLYGL7FPRF8O=:VJ/U0R(

M*+P'WMM+HVT E06:\\XMATZUH@LDU(?P6[0_YE;A!+];&-2B']C:3T)\V
'/
M\R'$M@1@4&GK0$US@Q=@S!H9\.?D^1]I$Y?]N_NK6ZVI_D05O CVISWKQA2+
MP^ 

XD^
IS9] I@0R

8^ UV7H.=


M



M!!0    ( )6+?4C:AWINY0
  


[+:- K0'2)QY^V&S
M8]-_(\@A9JGZJZJ[OUZ8'W3^7NR4*IVO-



8ZR
Y!
MCG7P.P?_Y
S:UI(SF_M+D#.JRG<X]B
MA9<V#TC'N[1Y1/F(2YLGI$,O;9Y-&Q9^Y^-6;7MJ8 H;F#8_(1B048%&-



M(F)S1@M(D$6HC_12:-F.C26,(0$$6:9[@A&C 03L;L$!


Y)G)=MJQ?10DQXI;
LA1H+R;5B
M)*BYV(!:A=&]MEHQ-110(VT2F ;J3Z@5TT#-%4=*TJ\U,/J56J)@8A8;:1%
M@F$


'P'

+Y1L!@J&(/( 8B^
M30)3QL/Q!0M
F3!W9\9^_Z8S&G]D$YA' 7BT'7$$YD=


M&=N;4N^/7TU/GVZ7_P%02P
$%     @ E8M]2.7MHD7G 0  N@4  !D   !X

M

! %VU3%#](@?6VYE&*D&-':H+T(-BM/9)@@




D:)!X ^(-





)Y!ZD]VHL?@?ML;_*] '9)0)<$<%G(
P4%TN?S7($*R 
CFY








@IZT=B#U!=
1F(RH;=.MV



MI21'_M.+7L94Q/'W6?U)3U?:?\];MN#E[V(C]M*M[SH;MLV/I7CEIR7KYQ J
MP34O6_UTUL=6\.I
@)P:T$TA/(

M9FECHG@*60$R \*3$QEF@Z'9/&# 16@XM3%XBGBT$2$VC/Z$

D4\P1@ B.V

M'_NPE0BT$@$K'



EA[R'?N5-[NB;IUW

MUS8D)?:PEP#FG9EGQLD;+Z^R?U='(73TT3:=6L5'K4_/2:*V1]%R]21/HC-O


S63V]I%

MAB0#23* !'LD65%E/[&AIJ\(#!(#H+D 0A-/8X\J%'F_D135K.#(2!' P8


MP%7))W


&UL?53;;N
@



Y


:!-
/LH/6GI126:LJ2JL.P6L\3!
8GC

4+[RB$=#J

)7F$NN?9?

M :GQ+CKFKCS94=NYW#E]H_R9K4Q;[SE[2DB*SR[0A#F
&++&_+B&'.\AR8+

M&IVDL6_0OY122@-62OQ@M=3VU[ 8'$KCMD]VK\9I&0TCNWGVEQ]0]A]02P
$






MBN5] O/1 VZY5D7WRXM4I7*17+

4*^';3TS-/
M]X#S4Y;_*O;6EI

MW$;;QBA-/.G[QDNC^#!=S)MKW_+%/'LMD_A@O^63XC5-H_R_I4VRT^U43-\O
M?(]?]F5]P5O
O8O=-D[MH8BSPR2WN]OI%W&S-HVD4?R([:FX.I[4P3]GV:_Z


XZ6@$-^3B0&0QD!APPBZSN@Z@H
M^L/)%4Q=%2 *Z1:[L\@THD


MX]!Y!T7.AFG]#U$W&(R6!&BYQ?$.B(S@4H^QD@ K$[KW02*&/8G9DZ!E
D@H

MSJ/7/11Q]\& *M36W)[4BJ[3&K#[#X4Q5@
P7@
1^0PYA.J!AZ!B*64(4)






M'=]_'[K\2+7X'U!+ P04     5BWU(V/]Z

X!  #@!   &0   'AL+W=O



!8U6V


BU5:!FN,(3,&:%C/'[K/EI:8GK^4W]V55KLC]3!4^




?%A
MOFU



59]&_RP+D*/MJFDZOPH-3Q(8KDYL#;2B[$D7?ZSD[T;:7T9;^/




M


MFB


UBN[@BA?)A!%.





]A=I.+=S20

M Y+;3(?(;%[?J*)U)?@U$$
SSM3T'-T37;F=.;2%LM]T9E*?OM4%0E7T9AR-
MF


M]5H\@/(5)8$EB2!-EB[+ #+W::)!^Y+%ZA@82)?F06.7:I\=8]A^:(8$$N


:1/]X9 (.S6-)I-&AT31SN!R6#'+[T=^&:GTY3W@.VD\@&OJS
]
BV&R6S8*'Z^#9K3

M='


ZMI.RWGB?*BK9$
M;%A/._7FS'A+I-KRBR=Z3LG).+6-AWT_]EI2=VZ1F[-G7N3L*INZH\_

MMG9T\D?&7O7FQVGG^CH'VM!2ZA!$/6[TB3:-CJ3(?\:@[TSM.%\_HG\SY:KT




MA& T 0(/P2(%B4.-K&QZ8R-#R,B$!%9B1*%XC(0L1!&/A!#(-B$!3;H&Q9
M2VR!OJ HCH*5BA(0E 7MNR+! A+(S#%:E(D%2
FE%JD,,M0&JV ,A4



P$(9?!7%O



0Y\%'%VC0

^

$62T44(:)811

M

53D:=B!H1ZO+
M]Z+DCLK1O 
!?.3@&&B0(;N_4R
-*!* 6KT:;4#C.-$]U'%BI#%%N*-=#Z*Q





M_%J%]_K0Q#:
@TE:!FN$&)V#,AGCW[/F/TM+7


/$*DY

MG3%+-WWX
-FFCX\Q[X(DWB#)@\ N239!?)C4;Y)Z35*/P*:3HP^3^TTRKTGF


MC%[X9(ZF-5?:LF#0:#O-S5Q.?_FTT&*XWUG+Q5G^!5!+ P04     5BWU(



MRELT\]9BDQRR^KL\/@@3 ]
&5S*KFE]O=:AJF9\D
R]/?K?7M&BNQ_:?
#(R
M6$,@'2;AY8$!A!



MA#

M?V3%L


&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#<Y
M+GAM;(U5RW*;,!3]%88/L'@)B <S4SO)I(O.9+)HUS((PT15))-^O?5 Q-


$Z15$-^
 #)D0+J<_)\W/D)JX[%_5GTVVROT17Q@Y%=7RU:9#7ROQ@TZ
M$_G&QA<\I0U8
6(



M)C(%/1V(=A3DH(J$JMQ+UMYG9





ML@&'O* +

M




5T

N%W




M]6N
9?X&Q/1.9
S ]6%
ZXW.'%T@1&H=//6U ]1[L-I+NI^.$^.TAI:&4]A[


VAZ
MCYXA+-K



M*34$%
O_L\CDHKYF)P
UYYUPN!(\' ATWN@4GCZR'0)*27H\.$*Q+#TLF@#*
M*WK^

S]@+-LL.R 0LL.
M
+3L'(/+SK$3RZX2%E!QTB/%.[5V;/MX7ED=!Z9G$=F)Y'FC!-^3W&_1^\G
M]S7C3B\[HLR(PPL.\#0L@/LU+(G_)X!]6.BB!9X:B#==?4[!.BL# 40TV
MAAXDM5@3$

MH
DET.P
U)Q[POTIX/Y2%EHE/)0'HJ^)M.KH49YY^B4^H 2[,#P 5.3;Q]









M.$SC


$%

MVVX;698F?#W_4P0



M#?R?CZ_*39'



MN[JQ_\]_^V\[-^AU5LYA;7Y.DR)Z#5_6QEQ]4OIM?/;US]5O=$UM-VU#/CKJ
M]8\&O?I^I^L%CV9W%1_O4Z69:TEV0[:A.@$NKK)B]JNO\_71\E\GL(S\,2





D__







M&N1F)%T@-O++V;\R/\W7C\A7W[7='6T)*0/R7NXY*3H_1U=PYY$6SH$X(Q\*


M+-XG2./V/EQ $Z_3;+






KWIX)EWRQ



7BZY!FG*=%:L2.UHEZRUP)Y;'
MMX4?$([S2RIB)D^5]OE)@-:3-;0=;HD(1?:7Z38D./
E7;L9#IP9GBGTNAC





M=+DDDF#
R7IVA:XAA]BYL?!H8S

FY_Y



Y8H:JEO
MMLCAXSU&I
;(S1UD=ZG
MK3#O3Q9_V?(]%IJX7J2K-4FJRR1;E;QOCRU6'-TMMZ73?:Y3H; :9A(3?4%
MP39&HH5

M:*FI



MFBE'4$


_'G;$C
M

MW!X;PHDR@T[/]MWFI05JOBSS[]-Q^^V]12-(FJ[UL@K!X0#/#=$N__ JW=SR



*.#IIJM
M[T!W12&L+$$7Y
5Z2^KH@.:IYE\_T-L


2L2)A]Q)(9QP!/T



M0H62439Z%R
75#.0$TV+%.=-R4BQBSZO'8V[)YOZ!2*TYH%ASP4ZBS]

MB=M#M:YJWE
;7F)K?7P&FV4M\X%UY<W
M^Y&E,=%;92C6&/6F(N-)9V;!?




MT?8:=O:CYY =E*8P-VJ5X*]7E!_F0\4L7


\'


]!KI@W9. T/+(C&/[BT[MWQQ]_CCZ\






MSNGJ

MT2?PTRY!

!O4;6D+3
^PRY]R20I%;6L






M;W08-8V
- X.?#*FOB2P0^F]M%%'_LBY TLZLZ6*B4)H6&ILO#QK2DG:
V
M




(UMZ\:S7HP?KL
$8'1/WNE/X
M




M'


M-VQ7)I3)G%XV=X6&G

=Q20;F;2GJ








3$48E8PTY(MDO/


1E676&
M5KWE26'=F7&S.MKD/K;23X
9WK%'-%72]2P=X!O[#]&/Q(^3;NWZ];L9**SM

M

*?H\&L2TV\_5HB#B)?GPU .X4^

QHRJ


B[1BMVM%\\ FP*0!Y%R.76-$J34)LI9WLY;F/D 0GS9?);

&




MYJ8E*9R.\$:17:DG.A

/4R.I&MGD'V1M=65OI[ACJDN%+++4:5









?(2@GL@0U&:9WCE@-5C5U^R
G48


M*ZW]P8F-'MJHTAF@5'0:R/XBEN,T*U2#TD*T&=:AOR(+,T1U(EZE;AS;?G

C

 051]QBH)%!+F
(AB'X&E5+(.
MV+6#



\LL*D5&%$.%, H2L_8 XM&W<V*0$N;\GS);K:=DT$)-MHE+G1


<HO8(
M[+XL.2Q*3!(NC]HELA8I5TE&8?H+G$7








S)!D +KE:C*

?B/
M%UCAEDPX+W/XAXP$F%'W^OCB)274-3Y[ FK)=387X%%X_/CBA)Z^S.] 7YGT


VCX





M
;A9!PONTK'DG&!P


4:-6_V?U




M;H^Z.?U%D@8:Z3*&1#&M PHQ ['443&D;SVQ+WQL(VZ/=5 ?94RSKRGR:J/
M9P5S;;IG;73ZC/?N$@L5^-0;6[Z@GM.[8+DRR 3]4I+CK3$[DM.L*A$/DA7




M^H\64(K-& 015AA
Z%#(;*2Y3YV+3G2=XFO+F(TV?!MS/$=\M3T.E=3A2
4S


M/%S0U^E504(&0D3RY4??A







L%Z8(.9XMEVE;0RRW


%?]!J)CTUC$$.%CW=VDS[J *
M/%5 .!-32;2]!7YMC^2:F$.''+M \61@)A$G;E8;' Q PPRHO)0R$
@.I

G(Z91



M$@/B!I]O+



MV3[E3[



M#-O[[=)#T7 F

[)29N@CE:ZYMI'
MSDE-M9:]6T[ALZD9%QK&B9848)
$L5DLY
J#][0T-
I.56!SEKO6'XSJMD/P
-S\*:5H:(6Q-=]JW^$_SQT53VJ*(68&3C<#@
M?_OC 6JMMK@%4([9&/[;'4_J$\!*B]/^C/X=#+H[<E6^I.0VJ?'C25@9U4 3
M5(IL.@;5U:#!)P=$Y



=#A+MI

M




2#_L]



KD'HVCH0)!0Y5KVA=8DC%7?ZK6'Q:Y
MO''73(C+X^OGJU2U9FA7R2_Z;EA=&@W)%^D_3OW'F?O8[\K'2^?:B09CN-I3







':_



M#

3[\#(9

?=0UX^
8MYK6.@.3DZ/G$H*(6Z7V^I%K






IC;)36DQJS5RT@QS


V*U C_CX


8\$3(%?Y@1^/N4T@C/#GVUVS/G8BNTCA
M 9F13/5\



 X*U



JMXJJ/R;6Z!G*!&6RKR4!WK)E7

MFIEWL//HF\L=5R]^D7J93^)#QT1\X*5$@26PH?H5HE9AE6;A2G-XR_]%I&
M#


HG7_YG8/:N+KO</]N<VN
M

6XR[0

MLAK;HRJD109Y1/K'1UY+*:L3GVX4%(I2*!C*@]J0A$7U@D$#)LL2.['U-NEY

M9U93H'RQK9+@#W#

?Y'%3?J\)+;1Q$#NR


M4KI44P7(?V#69N!S@VW(I%(T04 ]&##






M-%@+)YH*!3847W9XY#86(#BJ)+!GJRLR'FT]_VAIOB)@D

3!

:VMJ
TDJKSA<-2Y!5G:JV:(G+.
MU2)9!ZM'BI07[QH+98,<,/8R/X-Z;B?Z (UX'1#[(Z1HPG2CV^?$WPN6T;U


X/_ZV+F.%LR3/:U6B



MOTE)2'24:K^+N/






]OD$SBA%GSWN$?S#YF=1I4^'





[UIQHA\K




:!@H/1E(
$!^.QQ=#$6AM])\P
XEX7 =)OX*]WDO?TFDX_
M


BHUX
M0BE.G;(]&(Z3[/UBU)



M9


UKX


M_@

M'YH9DR]H2W

M#\-#])=MD958TIT.);I@74QO73Y[1
1B43398O(8Z68/[7V%3;E0'I:FUMB6
M#:)TR?EM!KAJ2
I=OLSF-$2.KBZV!N*


N!-8

VD(4ZNDKG%


M^=%@7_ OTOO!LX\7Q^6SPX8G.

BDVS B?#BK]DUGTYP
M9\N&- %[[O0$!=O/K@/HMJQ:C9<6JZC07C/5DJV

MV*2&*&:HG4OZF+^87#19E!(Q;

MLCM1PEE;*7








M%]@0 FU!


6



'B6S-UL*T8#&/M
M&]:SV&BHC=G;
\SU('3JBNFIFK2$=XHK;558=4R
9D.30+#2H
CUV1$W+GV

[\$VR0 .Z@ ]7$[.I



^KP^YU!A
S8@3KU[$2@/^C8P11IC-D
OVX-^VC/\<1

M3%PIY7[9NMT;IM@^SHI-PHJ(HWW@*B.FP%=.H285UC7ZZFIY!+Z%0X?ZL=PA


MC!%^






MQ$

D:!S]0[I<'*D4

(]





M@12JP2@.&0?(
=[L OA

M16('JRRT5T!X=3I2HIB/3//9X.EH;B=78R

MPQ&.

]\)C
MN;-7UM]A4A]YJ8C!T%3DIN/.NE@AG\6

L
M0 
7PN?X_UA/7]T^</S'BL8%Q^(!B:H.1GS




?'&H[?DY[&48_9P^U*^O

M9Y1J+P:RKYO$]
2
M% M_VM:YS%LAL$36U8_7Q)O!)U-8Z8?S  (#8^7IP^&V8DM-&:9HFEGA1G


M2HXE4P%74:YC\PF.?7O(3)J[))4/8SA4%O?P#Z!AX+& '_ P 7O+RJ 
 DJB
MW @+\0M

.0@P9I(2)TR1:I


MFJA[%$1[5DJP2V]RD
*9XS349XV8QWX5K#WL6BYU37U+85NNA3D[]32)QMT?


[^;BBTX:'Z$SH

ZQ?.K6TO&EF+
M
E(J*IJ
D\ZK2H7WC[-\;?Q;Y#R$[O&F.#=VDYBW;R
U$1)%HR)9B

MJ29;N

+SVV'5WIS^N'-Q^/S?S@[







E3XQ=
!#M#U

MC@0'?#B.!Y



XNZ@'_5Z\0R&U1O'W?$4ONM-



-D
M&/I856$N \OX;&1=@_@NI:'C!G?'1)L]&B,N!(',+SI+.*?, WH-DP[+4
M5YRL\P(KP$N$#CK1
(PBZ8[X7_P3![ OT-JK(LI







MCV%4HQF
LX]
?0@RP908C!:X3'85N/2
MS^%B0!#'9DJ#@TL
M&
8*PZC'&$IB.%DADQU!D. I4.K3
;1BX]CJ?X



EHKLT1KSU=&PFPZ:#4-BZX:1,FX^


MF^P];2V-[



MG;5++JH/QSO'-%.&Y!U#\TP1
A*L0P-] :PX6Z-VF;)S%^WO&Q\:&J3[;V[S
M
K7TCPK




MHRV4P/42
X'=T^P*I @$SABJ9)












MPNU+.JXBD7
&]5/HFFRV7*A,[;*,%[4;61QJ^VUX',R3-W
J9


M*)\

Z8

M=X\RB
3[^#&LW/[I<?5NJ+VG%Y0WV\XM<&3-XOD(


TA.\$N*0





FR'


M7W






:KUEM_63\\#'[6^




JD9TQ]Q: CU#O<1
M$F3U;0UAY+I@3?AB.&T1;=O
5L(#C3

M^5 SU:A4%T['%$+SH8]90UT=/]**]T?SZ*P;/K





M7*M4TH1FGVL $]!DDQ)_L3UT283UT:/S^R/787*-2SC:!3O)')5L#([_F01/

M-BCAI*0:=?11:B!*+V8AWJRVKOH17SGT=&S( [W+L/[$BT3Y%XC\R9)2T[


=%;;\E5'=X[BSA!Q^IKC/1Y#'_4^DZO*DN
6PZ\D_

M
082GG.LZ


Y;'(E&WP2M!LKFY1U09([&RMN;7?9C0M4LAE:W5H


M/31&K*XHBSY?N&1L12ER-7U57OO@O8[ F]6
)


L



=X0!

M



M*

HR
MK3F2&[FT(6K41P2


-K&0'FQVE1%
@G5C(+!-A*

BG5


MYBJ^IK91I+U(UYP754;6!)J70'*#O@%TWH%FW68D%/?I^$1JM ?7LK?\2%


MBN5N@*47 ]KE2A?]&=?U,,;C*)G#





0#O


MQUQLVJ
Z%Y0UL-J(QYPR:0C^11





B6Q1^R*

M)!A+1TBAIKU9.J/N



SGX
MF=%HG*A=MJ7AU:18&)(O789]U<BJU<'M(!6I<LB#S!R6VU0KF2$F0K'YZU1




5GG[!=
M!#2&ZZPE7O!LV#5

Q5H/0N_LC!.V0



MWX!_?-;OCHWT4)5;V@V4$Q2&6%Z938G-78(%W1UE?;H&LG!TZS !=$,$0!
M(\.+

MJC@%;9F:_Q7-QQS]8


A
J5:MCFXA@Q&L

FQ60XA&
M
D+;UR*%OEM^ H\1(Y E)EI
MN?=US+9D%:,-(,'AJ@'I263JQBSQ;37
[2/=C;P%E/TP#YZ!JU
RU'=2GWF
MZ]5;PBU87866I8-&32V

MKKC\:O$K%;RU2CPJ%+XT T_ZT0.-[@49O9IG#&DNMY

A

8]%13)%2OE]

Y_=AH
-SI_J08#)FM
MN-V?%MW!@

M3LM;M6ZYMFL



MFCU4M





MV5
^4$T;XV+0[[G&:@\!#JB^I8!J-&FQT%;#'H^5S(QF^YG\0E48VV/C%PHB
M
K\07F_X\!

0 CC!)/FEC580IAF-NL6@VX=;42:Y
M!=-8VCV\RH][]/
(?IP

M^7-9E)




TR\H(GK1)O8[3HZ-F5H?-
?:K0!Q!H2L').=U^WU6Y^7\ 5.PE:+
M:C0M




)U.?


M0!I%JB!(?22WF6VUL!!S1D::UQ]#';%*/B/FVD\V+:C)-I*S^AV
MJI\@TJ#R\*T\S



MZF0/SV])=-6SFU+(?K;EG/W:#B^%) \29CJGYI_:'Q6/?W&X
1%W??Z?P7

M8[#WVOUB

9+DC8V&/?AFF/*



T@:48F9P#_J_YTJU.X+T8LT
(_Z+M.B
M$SKN8-1_V
'@?F(WZ85LT
%L )3L'ZWQYCE+M
ZV5U(O^$F^G6$IZ8P(VYDL


MWU1ZA)#W996A(\!?OKR97?SE'J+Y
&X^]V=3F_\5GD_E8Z\R-H+/*GNJV_

8?L4E#(

M9:X=I)X;*G3#$C7_=;Z^00,3+UG$!S&TIAY;6%
B;(%4DS6SEQ#CO4H27&
MA5UG1 !7UTC]IW4Z2=%!6=) Q.4JIVTL,G2-,&0:75J6WVSU%\.0Z*OXT:



9WVBLEP\D#)CSO]

YJU2M2@EE\F/L*FCR
MT.U8J;;@W6F^FA52^CQ%E[<8 FAR1\8GN*LFJ=?X7_***^F?:[;R/\\OP^\




'G'.?N

M=^JD6AWCA(+$PL3#CZ
)K %\A&JZ0&5U2_SM9 1FWZ@DN7GE\]G]-MW21I1+
MR#RQ$8O*3B0.C&@WAJ6= IITB:6''DH_RJH:&^2;9[W.-(3&&05_KR+C:!:7


M/_O.R4'J;MA!_*=7(5K-*Q(')*?B =O#U\X$,=D.Y6@DT;H)1_3&4H%KE/

M#K\R'N(I/H8U#TJDI=UGVO(S:9O 9OJ4?0G3489(!7BO_:GF..Y/8:Z''7*!
M#_I8=8I1'#KV1_(CG

U*D<%K 0:,!X]\(DO0*#O&4;I) ?.

G


3'1I7-'U9S+\Z;C*XM:*!@.UV \OIPO


J@^E:5\BJ6O(Z[+G-G @54,TH(!W
MH19KQ2&CYMJXJ2D=?QP70JS9GY03(1Y0B B 3+P:!:)?6TRH$2Z28OQ&VDZ
MR3F/%'H.KJ/ZX#C]O@$HB4L5'TC*T4A9)!2 QUO*QASWJ!#G;0!E\I
[XI:L
M]8H]&B9UC2\RG?JWX_


MO5#6^;[V#$#AFPN&3RCH.L)A(P^:\@%N/PM&OJ_S-WFKCS/5.+=$1@'&@OP8

Q:.QO
M'M+Z0[ZEH &LSBAJS#-DMHC-L]XD]=OZ/AKTVD;]Q.*U^!METO&$2$.WYS=R


HX7OMHC/ IN

MYN:)714

[
,WYP$:[H,ZFPD_IX<@1^B35C6LJZ5K&;2%%SQXX'PICO$

:UC.




5O3I7V9&DNG[ .C
[[

%Q?O^XO=V
.
8(





M-2.^H7[Q#!YM)$_!*RURIZ1%+-WZG4_


MTPW%_/%-/JJ7S80Z*MY*;J!#K0;5H*Y2%(ZN._AK_&JS[S_6AE%@G4SF;_4%


B=+K9V !
HEMOKZWKDRZ6



MWN2@C[6$
_]B M8]:&'
K)G.5E6_7Q3MF)]W$.8V^4=O*[HD!=_-@\
=


0='6_!AO

]M+KP5
MD]W&3U;X;1-F6ZHR(E[3*C=G_5*96:F=.$MZF[#






MM5]67^M2CV_R^*UP4)XK:)KB@-[MSF\6%VBSS2E1;;%1?/7X^)DF0X&C3
*X

CG3[2H1





9O





$M8_:):Q_L%&2[D'S?

MWBZNZI9#9O


MYY@ $]F+4

MM T.LVISI B/LFL/$[YF\M9
6!XK']%BY=RZ!R\6YPG@G;3FQ*BL4L-+?' B



M$!0R0
!+
1^'R\:E3KTIR%+ 5%_K\R)^^CB$9I/]:ANKP#
EFZ-C@+
%-__P
MTSL2^\T_Z(?AHN4RTG;0W6?I;%XQ)F$;,J_M1Z)L6 I/GNXJ)3R222C[OS
MS?RO.S113[_.JZ!S^T@Y:I
2#3Q4E


M96QS+RYR96QS4$L! A0#%     @ E8M]2./'OXR( @  @#   !H
M     ( !90




4     5BWU(6I=@\TX$  #/%0  &




&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E

  !@



M+W-H965T

  !D




5'H $  +$#

3


M=#$U+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( )6+?4A8+
!FH $  +$#   9


ME8M]2*UM78ZA 0  L0

M='





M;6Q02P$% ,4     5BWU(U%S:8:$!  Q P  &0              @ %Y


M965T

  !D







4     5BWU(
MS&8[ !



M2*8?WG&C 0  L0

O

4     5BWU(].K.$:\!   6!   &0              @ %':

S+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( )6+?4B[5'B;

M

  !D


  !D              ( !ZG$  'AL+W=O




4     5BWU(W5+?X0



M% 


M 





4     5BWU(VO(
RM0  !5P  &0




4
M     5BWU(6[. 5-






4     5BWU(VH=Z;N4#  #&%0  &0




4     5BWU(V/]Z

X!




O

4     5BWU(2.)5%'\  #U   &0

M   ( )6+?4A='BJ8/P
  &P.   9                =GB  !X;]W;W)K







YX;6Q02P$% 
4     5


M            ;3X  !X;]S:&%R9613=')I;F=S+GAM;%!+!08     6@!:
+ *@8   /JP$    !
end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  










begin 644 0001640313-16-000009-xbrl.zip

MN-/..B=,M)Y1:VG\/]]_4:JEE,9<?6<*72M*$;DZ]<\XY(+U);CFWW_6G0[


_P

M%_EQ^G7BPW_\..B $8
E_9QN




MRNDF6O^QR-OY&;*_M*X]0#=3//I3C2?_&W4Q:*1@(-( -M, B860]1G I9







5J&-BYFZV


:-+2F3%91^UDD7R!W
M@WHN'?4TRMHH:Z.L1PO_

.
MB6Z.M

*P1L^D9;2MANWZ]/I_QSJ* [LZL+<Z_)<^26T=#(?X;-:
;--
A

M)5N?#5)-3BIE^J] +(O16%V?O5*1MSO#F+4Z72#3PH]6;LM\SELC^''Z;N%G


MI_49=%4B^$O_OM7'IR%BJY+ L^O8J\VBF]DL6JMG.R!8&][FCW@BZ[4_Y=_Z

M=

M2]19&V H



^9^$.NH@A/]&TA:':K8X


G 57


B.
MK4C%!







Z\#HO+Y

592_OQH9%#YU$.&F<NCKEN


-T#C#('&+O'QXABF)A]Q


MC
@A 



M2V





U?\W!RV5=8*AIWX&A&(QS M_R



8

M6X%^V^GE'ZXGOS\MB2X3=G84W0K*UB31QZU19;[NS_7/*M4:
'CV\EHF%;#?


NF
E*3FS+VI

MLTEQ3IL4

Z^
MV*E!$DW94V
;=AMEG&;A0V


MQ]P4^5AQ%XSVDKL
[


1-K_TN*_[(A_!WJ!QX\J(VM&@T\L'@]3T:]1--ZI!
MQ]_

M



?NTLGGD\0] Y=[U+%#XW4O

]6+-5.X
$$@?CF\TS0X.&NMZYM9U


MCQM*



;UBV($LGMB/2ZW
CRGWX;YB=[):X/DJ3^G&H4Y
MLLVTW%]&M[I


MY&2AW^[-XQ

#K^Q

ASR)??.B$

8'Z-1D=]2(7=JMA
MA\Q1CE^B) -GIN@GYPG9N'J[E& %^T(:B@^T6H/CY;U3\']\H<Z/
C3*?

M/


MK3Q?B=R7I;S

DV$\V)?17U&LR-

N]-

T_ -\H3P.6[F$#4Q?)\,))^WD:V_Q

M/+OD](OWH[LD2?U9AC\_JS/H
X+E+[]_]N77^%]S+S)_HYDG^+S7O^OTECYC

M\8?TQN
T+=2A:;&.(F%..)-*.LHAAN<H9ZY1<

)D\.\*Z$ET;
MUNS-4)'
$1RF5#B10

M95A&+O0317NAUMM^[^9+7MSY_.NPI*KT-_RWK%=?Q \WQD73I= &=S*OHI
YW1D+&^G[UX@'@U1825)-QPK:DV



M=UD/O




M]=X#8Y4ILUM5PHMZ.74I@K#GM/XR&;#14

E[5






=H9)*Q7
_6EL_ (66T)50@PR/1RF*K
MH_'*<1FY43_^^A&K=QMSHH* 3VRH1D9/T-!W!JUN/Z'#M0I!&CR\(1[V,7@C
MK9&(<D&QM0(K2F!B$K!1XNJR&<K039EW8YX7@\E/&'
$^&M64=-06
0.@

M[-K5D8@U.15Y%

&=?K49^@23#.<\M1JB@P06J4U =[I2E7KDQ)

M3:*UYY186=X5.DK?4(_%#



8
M K_EM
8ENTGVS+/W_5Z30-@!U)
D
A.9IE1+'A0U(M6G6:(L\Y*B4B)=4+9-
MW/S
D?<<



M

MAL6Y@N3'D\'L)\*GA%Z7:J=)YB]_]NLBLW2*4$^E#H9Q:X@F02/ V4Y1):PF
M%60FM9



R&KRO6;E


6W? !R



M5.+:2T9R'!V_[R?;.8++OG8?&_+/5%-/2ZD_PV

@B
 *![




M5&B! @&
:2)C/+H2I

1P/MA]/MSQ%QG_OIR3Y%5 ?8F(2R *
MKF &-:
;1/_9SCO_?)O?9-TP;D \0T3SI7_?ZN.7

%R&V'-V)$H



0
M)0D0JW$-KG*R8D\LBN6PEY.97

-

(&
85+V?V\N$_W?)_=S:@\Q$ZM3AIP

^
IU9P);3!W.@3(J85;1
!D20
M $W7R*]F[DL

%




?KWD/=W*# :CN\E[O





M
]\GG)\


M%05+/76$(RP RC+EO+7I  )RNPH ]T*OVH(T#6@_I!I

.\5F/
I/B
MFTFZ;OS!X
-H.!AFO398LJKAJN/'_9204(5P9(X(C46G*2-AUT)$JR8 D5


M




M3(/I(B[-LS/1.^5-4)*4CO
N'/P\4O*^KCN#D$)X+'5$@B-%M8#(CU+XT*8&
M;6QW)/E2C%LH/HQO

M&4K3GB WRB:B^!M

MT&)/@^ X


A6B0#D1ZRAZ]I,(E3*J1/&:B!V.^_\
N[



M3!H'NA&MU9(Q G%4



M+EJQH6BTMRX*(ACE2(#



MH?+'7\W=?;=S_?##YU[6^N


T47OSQMX_9
M0]KYV.,02RW OH-OHSHJCABWB#O,01H)Z*0WI?2O8-,AEJM??9O%U=]'7*P

(8WMTD99C@.%.X


M7 PJ'8

MX=(I ]&WCP # J.!Q8H!0Y7.8\D*7K/6^ID*: 9

FJ?



M)5BT[G)JH\(.N(^-DH%XK3WF&@5EHV

M4ZH9@O90EA16 B:UK'4_]*M?QE(/CB 


(=*K;RTEADC/..^#/_1(91K?0H?E]%&

1A;%8RB!
VE\
='&L0CI!+DE-
MI)C)I7ZXGB3P'[=@5T+S2?W$T_+31*BGKB;/UTR&.D_MQDY

M()O HG(6\


/
*
'2P&]C-&%\%)N#NN5YG.1)C51
MKZ;JF&(

KVLM8M

;/&&*]X+-6]


=)19^

ME\YC33+##'K+)4*^45QTK0V2S








!)DAQ2YU:S4A9[4+4XD= D7! 3M.EHNG2&4NDA


E0#<@6G UJ?!^F4*:<0; N@1%640P4HAIC8A,L57[10=
MA +U@OE9CYD.\$7F'0(_P97$FR4UP9DMJI\G+G W%(CUF5:UQ)CX\9?/CV
MK5O &[7M-BS?O5:&:0_1$4![SD&KB&6,62$#)PN]Q0X*
S?W7:H9@3[3D



D@K% /4KCBP7$:)K;)P!
4<\U<*W]-OX#52HS$P^G

MMO+&OUYRV76_2+M@'T;3#N


MB4/:O\*2Q-+NWZ72?9
=QZV
W/H9=
JE!@:MG%@#9TN
3505U[X\B2

MX(E0JCAH&%A[(:87J=A91F)EB




M

-)3S4V1CQ^_W@
&]F'VFSEY



M@A

*=8!)C
MHQ71%=

M-IB?:@? L9VGN24OU:4SIT

MS

MH2$
W&/G(DN=^SBHC

3B3
!1HXY2CQ?55^V[BIJ
M6OF.M73X#TA/*6!IT[OX(6<DLR(*(/TNMSG\A $V&7Q*O
H4(\QK#T&DHY5
M2I=*AR-U-JIRIY*#K7\G&Z:&2ND0$H@*Q+'6EG L5(C:IT8%OI2-4..IH:\E

SEN\@+30X9Q&J:4IQRG YS.8IVZ1'&'8[F'(&=J@09+U[/M


M@9='
F(E.=[WVJ]VB6HH -](# O



MB(90RXTFFAM/

*:ZM2ZO23[:ZI]]7IJI
..%$&E)!
')R T!9 #AM]A+(F1
MCIC@RL/#WQV,%UZ[_38)=H/ .J0-$8SA8U$ 2D P D+@&(0%OJL=8RC+NF


(


MK8@RIRWH)::1X8M,PY1#RE(@;#MV/KRZL=&^C=LW9^CT@*)47RKA@@D)?&


MH8Z$* B2UE4(/N3:&'M6QG



BRU]]^E3O*




MK!ZS*Q!&)*$'TBVV);M



9

M6#5T7]MJ+:



LE@CL--8HE@Z


MDCPZHSR;

M*XTHDY8$#S$#=RI


*_[@SW@'9EX%HR 74(52A&OP7-I

!;\[3&#G)34F4Q;AG
M4.VT.(081)JZZ*)H#7

MZA#\@$!S025F8V9CQXQGY6ZV&K]VQ0=7=HFYBRG5SH0R
6@:+)MR63'/RHW4
I]_G5XU1L

M\*.W_=[-


MI


O+






Y93/9UU1JQ:-
MLL-&+EX'@.[





3C(B6TBW2V?%9GN^5M^:OGK2UO3NT-H'4-U

MM1$VG_Z)$
8 H9I@(OE^!?1!U%;D1PMG).U;I)::XVBG

C)'3


M#
X/$0^1PB/D]N-B-4_](=&-M#.2C(W-
M35'FU!&J9-LA [ '\*%MF0[^R 5SBV8D$8QO'-8)B/Y;'8)?5*Q:I<Y'O#H
M5?-Z_R7


MA
F5_=G=%TBB?@J-6[%6&4ID?Y9K(U4Y%^=ED W;MA [UH=](AD!\NE%.D&B



=,39I$
M;6=7'L1^$++)!#3^$DF1%/G4FDPZQ PN*KL64/:Z=4L$=FZ1\85TVA.-;%F
M3GML\!5SX/]YJ[$FI550U ]$?% *#V;Q!T*=0.E8C2VE5%




M#N$YL[45@0)#?KA6_/9Q3PSCWN%1=1RN1N3_

?;A_'IV

[[QT4L)QX^IJ[D!N#








??V#48KTI4

:D_@
M D\


X(


H.FUC

M.
EJ:[$Y*\






/7X88W
:M

UX+]N=7(2+X9$4J1BBR=Z]N*JEZ


-^\8\O^.)S8B@/2


M8VRMJ:ZO8 R8?RX.!'G W*R7'5[9$BVJC%I[#N@+Y_DQ#M&]$48JUTF7U]M&
$RKK(R9+
MPI284VH2;YFF8N2DJUN/AN!KDN3IUJ-3[/^BHCSTVD7(=:Y(#'=<Y^FO7X
M\_S][%RJ)N]:VM6<9'CP)G 8SGT/_/^9G__Q3L+EC_/E[(]Y=\B&5KOBV4L(
M39'%E4%IXOG_0BZP'!











M




MAG?D?D83'K7





M(2O5G8(Y
G\)28]_WJA

6ZWH^43-;U\7

:K4K5


 2#53T+DJWU+
M06MCAD





MF-'-6X



M17V[IY\%X@%[.*PJ7!/



MX#L CD$ZT=X.D#&E%A3YA@DIL1
CS
B)6X3:7_H$[([9Q\8[Y6;6T2M(D'0
M4*!F!Z8-F]E4JDIOZ?GOJR(GP3O-]C7*F.PRYW6$@3.ZQ*EW*]96-MS8M_M;

%TCWRR7_/)57?
)=J_AQ

M[6&

F'3-*YI F]K1F[_.H[@P]%*2/#G[8_$)J14D5?
MQ DU[:L;=K:


MSGA2F
@&M)9#K$4YBR+K+S.FDV?(5=LSJG;!=]1=Q1[2EE,:1!*M:J6Q#%[
MS*UQIEXY1Q6#X(K:KJ&8;#A((LPJ2PFL0\0G#(-FO4F8*P4?+56^MRAR?GB


M:I)BG=Q4X&VIO85(@


[&9TETO










$G%/8Q!M


M=G-)4P


_4%4Z1J^;
M\#





MFH+L9917+9$\QSQ;II+LQ?+HAWTRZG_-9\MV_G'^.+04'$*N.6!T)'T'A;WR





OW&SVI@Q
JJ



]_

AA:%Y3BI0

MZ'M)V

=[JW$IZ4FTX07_J.3FHD
MDDF L3E

M



WHB
M&YPDR5TEWVB()B+TH]H@D

Z&\7&X\V4E,&'4H&X1K6M W14O:MP8KB
MT-' S30=H(E8#G/UI9A 5:8P@Y$J-;U:MMG53'TI-#BP(P&:A.@PF,J.4(K5
MR M1*,9:__!#A[,W29(-=%0T\$- 5'FZ+J$%Z8Q)5J4R*SBU0E5'_!#



MX





 C0.$;\P./B)W)





MP*UO+]^HZW[AZOL:


'-P$P3OAT]'95C4&987JD%3E9T<'
K*6*0HTM@9%


M:UA1*]6Y+@UZ9)LQ22UHX#4%%E
AUA-Q_IEL7L-*7N5^;Z&UH\
:OP+2:^!_



M. &X&MB#%1\S942=*;&-1



P0!AMAY]D2+G:M36. FR@6



8/DP


!GR]GM11;AXY(B4[BMG+D.SH$2'*/JK.@M:)&$Q'

MV7H;961LL^2U;AE-JD;679\F&]H1MQ_T;.C^DNN/\WVFC 0:JCLDU1(N91J
M+&2.\(CZ;J$= ?M4A


LY?V&38@HY




M
$YKU:0_37&DU_G1/=CVN-$#X8VOOU:%DEG5;$/ XE(BC@


MMQ]0V


M;R)3E8:;5B-L\!6QJ& XAVU1A6*CKWK?6-;1 $XZBK!P9



M-_S*^4Z8]XHH5XGY%[#?+][.OGB=SZ_YY_QROIQ=Q






?8&K]P967Z^BM^'?A.DH&;%OO
M@#E


1RW(C#QU^CV TB!F:'$[;#AV

MI4K/N02#5QB#KCZ5RJD510IQF



MV4
'R\4@J!2-QH*M!




M --

[$YGGEA@


QS'W4WC
M&C1?O.9%4).I6;)HY4
N!3AJ
XP9GXYY!^GBYTJ((?N\^YJ]9W&[*25?+]DB

:R^OF)=2\?25Z[H
M;+SSQF5V\(0VFR!,X256709ZO'W'RG\A10_?'*XJ?YDO/YZS:%^0KO<?<=YK
M!2VIFBA-0-JCKMD[F5*NY)),Z.7ZV80;!W[/K/&-:X:CU;ZO!7+'3?7Z3\/
M)/N+KJ-H+
I
4JK&120'.



MP(-O3C=(0J9
?1O6B[%!W\ 2^A9
D%6 6N?J


8X4^[D2JR\!7 DZ)]\ ^G'N.Q#NJ&D_'-=$.U681UUK





AL]6RI72%K0XV:
]'!+D-WO&[^3'^V6MQ7M1X

KC88N-@
M
CI.=D)B:2;LZ*-X8[J1@\AM\R-&:N@I 4K52JL4 N?XL1H[@&.DG!ET^0W_

MI+%C^:<)8O3#A8$1_V:(S_32N:TMU:U/JQ XN2^9\9ED4WA0R<Y@U6%4[::






$E!



NG&- *04CD6\D7&JR'B-Z+O;=V/4. LS+I=V[.BMKE]

;F^M.K2Y:5



M9%+??[A8?)K/!Q7^]&'+$(/MJP3W+8L3:/:GRWFGV::MRBU8S5$-*%9F(LY




UQQ7]'IVQ1ZFB^[7A$T:@2
M.*9C6VN:)9/5$M;&(70G#+!QA[BJ ^O+G1TY(IA6'#DIJ8%NN]KU)4UVWQ


M%;'W%L*[LJQ





(%MY


=Y7F$;0ZECPY*)[TQ$OF44W1=27P


3@11SE*Q640;WU85
M

H
1]9D2JEEV[9E^KI

)FL!]4W#!0%*_6



M+1+8+L;2%
?T74^7-1U[]P1R(!!F.X3IJ6;@V9JNV]AI
P!;0 ;#@=! \^&M

QQ
MCWI'K]
%.1G:[BI-

M$(X+%

MNI9GJ8:%$LXF.J&!Z6Y..-&$1;9OU.B')J1JBFRXKFV:LF);0: [BHF:D?+
MGN&KRM%S3/J&(W]CBQ&%6NA(X-:&K5=5W&Q78GN^)359'E4
0.JKDLP(=BH
MSU .@46+IW8RF'*6RLL2WE#BVH8-#

75#



\QQ?H[YEX5 %0#K6JLL+
M? OPD2B&N;&

M94

M#'

M=-#Y7GH0 7,@6E7Y7V6Q_^*1L\'AM_0$XMJBNK*L@4*)? [W?95L%L/W!T



TZ5@(VN&

[4#SR.WBX:O3QGIQO(MC
M?E5;WS-

LU=Y@KEBW5+L1O'LZP]=W@NC%V2UU

MW
&PQ8&^^H'.?4?H=WKRSYK19WGHE- FI1HNJO:AA&8#D45+9 U8KK$[$QZ
M=P?YE0._?5FHWZ_E?U3SP[_BN\JX

MY.*UZT^+82R ;G@??4ZC%]4!1]4

MJNK9X0=E20GX1U]EPSYX!6TK%J9NV6#[*X:OJH08Q#!
PY%U5\/YWX&Z/G4%

R?



X1?(/Y
=)=XFN$Y
M@:T&NDM]0\4:!Q_8F6YH!IP4O:23.A;%. 3
1





MQY.E&)Y;H[.MZSO1U?0-VU8\$Y9FJC)5??QHV: U$-U29
]=-YW+8$E^J_!I

%=!UD-$(4?=F'
M]@; T/XAC.+:GJ


4D

M&14NN\3&
G--]6SB4M



MMF'

)=\35YI:+3/ VP?8W*
M




^).^4724@Q-$U
.CD0'%LHOK






]U/

MMN*H*YEJVL&Y:%\ NS6V:KY! YD8MJKHEF$&5%=U3O:6;!GJB@_3DM43@.GQ
MV:GA:ZZI.I[O48
ZLJ\CVG(9I9N:O6(ZG02J'I.M8DF%3T&0ZV9@^J:LR K7

M8;F!061-D1V'0QX
%)6N.AP%W-^(Z\#)#4
8-!_5(4=\1ORU=D';45


'03C$[;UWQ?]8CM!!SDJA[XJP%] ?(WX+=OJ@:P

MLR4+ J:CRBHH]+9/=%?5 L]Q:NA8Q*#KVK[JE@ZZ*=7Z*ZXEM2*BJ1XH

'$5BL
]B:][FB/76.3)KN.8&_1J


MS%XV7J(HB^^P=R?)AC\V :*=9VYB4T#+EQT'3X]:LN+XV+LLD%U748-W__T?

MEA_?_<==^7'I]B1.HZM[MNL/1)'_]'$:CG'5[=96683^&[Z<^-S\/MUZ[#S

/W6S);Z#^LRE<7/H<

MG*$W!']^'Z?P359AP6/QRX=];36)QN4V*- \!J__(#?/B-



AQ 7+3
%E+IG+Z+HEN








*\2G(?P3EXBW
6;NPMOAI/
9RH

M*./$OA,B1,\ H

Z_@OP_MH^*-@] 'G


M'?:?$?+PCWCQ!QPV&@\WY+JT*!B!!S0L

.2V_6CTY
M.$7A%@NV-T2QG.__7X!2C\ P&2%$]=A-8/D9
GQDT\A2DZB
&!3P(J0-#I
\


M$)V6-64-HVG)NA'#LV$QHVI8(CVV'\2E=


$
L0

MJ9C!-0UQ ^SC0Y94DZBIYJC!]CP[[!6YM@5@-AXSZ;8@ZT+I = Z*O'GAK!3

M635U@_J4&-3T;-V455MQ?




J7\MRUW XP1RN/^V/HY7OGV-BQ]7
MXSPPQ%

P_Q&5X2U3-V=^72$)-X.3Z$(.=DNLF_/ GG&&'\!M



ALC2

9)A8]MKL:0]R1CWD







MC_
H+%@


M;4241O'!




9XB


A]%A\]M8*&IW77/
MZ

O'D
&
NFLEV







N
M;:!J6W=R$+QKSPVCW]AOL]VRT\$AI)_']9
 





C[(T
#YGB)-.[*(UR



M%S]P



M5B)_7/SU&_:

X0C1$S0!


 21JF
M=S$J\6%11#B# /D:K&



M*)MO\2T90 @OY(K''2#



MC\:#\


KXNV]QE.5?LNC6U)%LD


M3S_

%K!\1CR#MX.'(%./A/:9ZUQ4+K!2OKC!D]!F.)G&*


MX7H/
\




4MP;)Z

PRS

/8#W8PIXK(]Q[$693T!HA)^6=!'#X
M''PY'U@X'^BV=CYH7?+*2\;#I9E/P+CK6MWROBZ[K!^.U?PXLZD]EC-*L^KN


U37%G5=5N6B1JH@6[*INP1V5$L
MTS[Q#BKLXN=GZ[I-!@O[HP7
5]/4P8N=W8U).
UXVUF:S@18QE/=1D4: WLN

GS
/DH?J07A+ U%TQ?M\74#P;#*)^:Q

MI)-)0USPCB5BFHZ!3G$&J.$V!:F[BPIL@TFPZS/)5^1'D:);QA3%&EF!Z#



M=+(HK=O9T5W--%6N]4Z7A4
YL5D4H[?E7D Z^]=@BT?7)R F3*NL+
$3A
MB@P6$$^KA$VD19TW7AQ7/P[CA#4HFE$(:\E3
N7[GQ6HM]QSB'*_;EQ3QKSE
M+W 

M4(F2YVJQZ]Z$=V_B
JCU4RU_F+B:C]3F9Q9$MSD;#ZT8@_4#R^WZL6X-]O]H
M3:&N6R$M7P+G7.+DWMHX@P



5Y9?











M(/;=*]X5@U+=]$W3)X%OJ*ILZ($IFRKU5


MUM

]\X@*A#X/0
M6P^2.ND




M&3]&[;F&J^=6G^=LR-[R[VQ^_ 14T-EX/S;_B@W4QI&58%N#'+SRG9OOGHUL

YXN'3])
SOX 6W;)P?''0$!UB/












285SF'




]0M*4ZZQ6'G
Z4E1



B0/ROX-'(MRW]B)PBW+M^[


.5S73!LR4]439MNQ57*-







M3Y)&D\?.Y_/6KF]?Q8!Q9 R-#%&O:+=;;ZP/UB\9.ZNC43=QTI92)^#[(2)
MQFT3Z=#
_;L_)

_(3%5N[51B:LQ;0%3'Z/
MG@R6PH!99B$:S+=A$7



G329)C'36V=AAS6!^!/RU2ZD&+R
D&@H Y
I

CQZ8POO^


&U/K!;%L<
M8*.XF&:S9RS&!?BBF\5&HUD:!3 86% 1UDF#/.]S/ :J
NH?2^?'53
 (W1
MEM;S %S

((:?)1F01]# 95LEL_
@JSM5)J;5&]Y^%](UG


1



R7VEQ)F9L+\+C.ZBKS+)G!YH3=
MYY^1J9P.K;CU

M
%/C GU)'$]G)G9]J82C)N-AM



G
MH_#'O)P$UHT;@723I\XWU$K69$R@7OU2+@EZ1'X/\^']2F# !!#\+VIL0VSU
M
&))G'/X7&$\#)0XX%6@/L(SVUWJNT^QD:^5+E%E5E\+K.E'Q(L1.*=C43]


M;1




M+G7I_5N%VKB)IYC[XGG,@J&: -.YLL+W2E_M#4J;.G

M)7T9#=&'@21G

MEL!LLZXJ:Y[5-%7[&HW_\B[P




&; 1::]_F:QB^V51;K-16?*N&6J5/5_X(QN.X13
MCX!P+\#RNBX/CE[D\&W-FE;&'T+8^.EJM3%43@J M;Y)C4WHO(B$BOW@86
MZLBZM[A<2G^T!YQG-[)3


&F[-VG/C5@4
MJ[

6U%N4[)-(CQJ8M#L-_-70
*86Z!JU5-=Q?$O3J:-8MFO*
M2G4#+E.:&=]$-#_GS]NOO_]RK&_^9[D?O[]B__IF_W]YO.G9S%DEPW








MD$8X0GXP'WS.^T[/6@G/Y[X


M[
M'.KQW%9F
)THXP-+T%\Y2W=<;(;&[K$)GV!
MQ 




MC[V@5PW;

0


U?I!YG(\E1\*.AG4)




MY]E?%MP3]D(V-
U])23.A8


RA$OXP$2XY/(
Y%SXBJ$)0A: *014B=B*H

-[
[\\??;8




B
M:
MU:5%F0U_2!F?
G3 ]098 N


M/6_Z]V6O[*Z;5/H$7(CQ4^2E ZF\CR0WFP!6/TEW?#JSA+N2RDP: DD LY:B
MR33)GJ*H !X]@COQ'KQ;^I*$Z4!ZO(^']U*81U)1W?XC&I9X+UXSSA+@=HS'

M/,GE$;X P.3- K+:  _C_[/ K'(


M#'A\
$&#$%)Q#P3!%)AA-H$-U.$*1D#)$XM?5+C0QS ?-8^!*R-0E
(X82O'









B9
@LL<44ZF+$X4]O22_9\5EQ<-G(6*O27#'A!+&^B:V36R7#)GOG2



CY&^/6*)H



E$_LOL
M+G*M&GM'K$L1+8*R1'[+H;(8+QVESCC%A5QW-YKT4ECOI9.#T.H/E%HH9+S0

R+C










M?9#4B5$.&1*E&-U13GG0B#H+A8FM 

M^=?_N<U5$<7BOK ^(T5G1UBHJGDP1



,_^UF4U;K(Q1+._#DHVF7=!VWS [N,L#W.,$:M3<UPR</A)JO HO
MMI/?@L(/Z^8\.H5OG)C*2'W=8.<.WJ\/5$T=R.JJZW+W9RT-FJ[G1_]GL3IA
M^D1XS=MF=Z_A4OW<YBESPB5%FD6 .H$,_X@7?\Q[_&0?[

P'R%81G$.



M)AP.P98+X5CFO/2N DCBMN!\JC)I+L6?[ F86\

I0Z4V
4I5
BN31V,D.ZM(+31@K)FK<O+:8A1F1)
[1B.]O$.AH^
M







G_2XWT




M1^A!G3/0^2;PDF=!51\$++J!^R(DEP^C=4X-UV\6P+CH3 &5/W)A$2:SK\C'

M

\M%%T6W(%@=%KU(YNKEW

MF\1#]B&#U^5M3RSC(OC

H6S:U1WAZ
X<)ZFB-I=<

/GRN]7ZYK:J
M!%^Z9I%.F:V\D)\$%\$R 9&FL_@&F\BDC% #@*+5I8.+B14:H2
3 -\P_D


ME6DTB[(%+'




*7\MCZ!.5[Y]]?@?YZ.(







Y46%J'4%W$?D2V^STFGR51



M5];4YHD_ZHC2]


+S/K%2'R$S'G(

0.'!
MZGJA<<4J@AXNKLZ84\QE7]5ZILWD6)PJ^S^S4PWS]X7_ !0*935)?EW\\)A

M342EV*8$
^K)?JQH0)C'H&3*S
M=BGS& 2XNRKC1B^9%N69O&)U:;YMW.OJPX=2?&95KW 1I&C9=(/3U;#6_KE

;D:-\6U0H9!S'A0O0C
M/BG6
O=&



M2!(#5Y'MJA9R(G&


@4AL*C+Z#X TY[W'CPE8J= )IXCL&*VQ 9L3^(\





$GL+S

5.0ILTIV(APQGCW.U(G6;7#-V:IV\B/*
M^-3(6W]N\1(^PY1Y^*H^ IA'*,JB,+ZXS#UYSCYE-V'))E8!,ZMS682$\7,
Q%V7F<?\X;




MCF*:AM'*.:%DE7&5*P&0OU%-PBJWZNWV3&M04_7OH]EY JQ &(!)\,.H
6


^8;*W]


M^K]
=HKXR)Z8;[0
;#/ZA.UXWXG2]3#A=N#R]YM3H=]0+KV40+\69'.2NK*U
MP@#31R^0B[23.$R_D










M5;N:+2K(TG9?;19:[0W6Q*51+[V7X$
%65201219+?A4K+RE4D1:\9HKPKL3
MP3NJG'I+C(HJIXY%]%8B!:3B]045\=W2W I* #I.7E.9.$'%&5$=(DQ4Z%2%










M9&3&U$^X4#*F4]#)4F;V*+0'U\2%10PX&NQU :;%'?'EFE]TM4&NZP=B1[



MY3O:5&7_=A;);5[9EMC,?.KP5D9I
+OYKZ!3%(8I#UU_^(06ZK5JZO#-K;
MPBJ549;G$Z:YT2JUK+S



M1F!C)LH2V'9_ ]S$D^F&%/NE!)[\*=UI+![RSGHO5@(/R@[J0&$2/3EK;SLU




NQ.Y;C?
M=4W+:NEV7^1
O*_P),)6Z2/+ZFK_'054D
MJ@DY-CB325*3I-X9-'V:L5JJ(3Z/#(TZ&]SW86S[VKEE*DKY<^YJ$BN\M;@







MA47;;'8HS?
5OIS7

MT1()I-

XRV=
\'/CIS!TGSU?!@L_Q[#;
].(V)^)

K V&H_A3P]N]R(






M
*EA4!ZM@=8SMUH<5]NR+C8-/L.2K!@8 OO$2L/8+T&XA\


+XFFD2 ?IQ)G)9/)=%

ML



DP%3#:+%%.73!$I
M;6(7$T10Y%7R+7 0]4'P8;#R5#(



MD
$HU[U



MLAJMJUX7S=I.[Z;;;@_:QV_6WA7

 O6%05I+(TN



@'&&EJDD?$MKE,M)JB&K1TJDN0+TX-
M+X$@7X#EH4GT=RR+OUG= H%0D%!P#RBX$3MF?D'[.B0?XJ7&TZL
:KVNOZ5
\(\1?HC_'\V2__WE+\]6O+V
5=MPR3C/6-8B/%



MOUYL='+8? 7=3







/(8)Q.@0ASG6$R 09=L:R(L(BS]7O4!6=9D66]I


$JU?P

M/V;&53B!

M


2






M0F;
BUT




E#  5LXCQ6!PAG)KM8Y?[




KU)K@5URJZGV;



W0VJII^BK

MJ_UL3
!






R


$'!/8CP]1CTT 1A ^Q?4 *E1EL

MBLP-*&&:Q(LL;A2%$^ BTZGOL4C^B+@9 0IR65


X/FPT@AK!)YSV%SI8$3
M6,'8EU4]O@TJ4;KV9!K*&BSU?Q\P/ECZ\UW22T 
@RS+$&M4Z_5;@4TN%

M!.%C*OT$




\[+&B1=6_^3%:JGREV
M9IZ)6\#L9
+$2


F23(Q#7JI#4!9[GA]




[G



/
MGY.W;T@%H@W6A7#AI$LT/JK7DI5_6W&P%?1=(1G9\], FE0J(V5LM DFOQ
MU%F-QG++JU?XZA1$'7N*L@)N1D?0(IAE.Z1G5

ML(A8*A* \4OD\U!$^M9]VSQM*SC!MX#-TMS2I._\R]6_Z*Q'/QYQ1F#F1P
M



M@?A@(PU\[/K
]6@L=)


MRO5ONUB&4V6=

+^1381+S



MYAZ!T7K0CQ[3 Y'-;=


M.4/_4Q2/TTC'&@0W93_= );PB-9LC):.NDBT6W15
%V7N=-J-C0F@BZ8*HOH

9+&&0:
M4S_)$U5&3EBJF,L$# *%I0(,M-3J$Q2$RU(C,PH@RLRM58&'XJ EG1
QC


_HY..C#NL4WOQQ (&?/
M0


)U^\0%_

Q93D?9E+

GST*-<U%N%2U.E8N6S@7JE;P[/



M?QX^8I?%X:Z+M9M8_OGLH6\;XW=IX *KT.3C[5@&!]/TAH=(7B@P5?HE%V*L




J

M6]A


0*OL.N4 :MM-O61
MUUJHG[='15Y_3NU!-.41S#XF%L*?1UV@+!V
=9962BJI9WS2?1E)A.MX-S!





C74B7. \0R#A:K
I^TRQM09F^9
$F.KC^
M 8E0$J$[^9T*/L]2.O(8K5ML]_;6]8616M//%K[ZN);71A*?N2C]B




H3O'EC@




M\XM#;&XE(@$)9)B!U





M\)!0;K
)



MCK;$SK6Y.-&U^\%%7^?N12


:/;VDI4MIMCI:^?_\$#UT




M5EGL;)7#04^FL. 3@QML?Z=J'RH1.-T2 :O5-%L=;7TR*G'R92;$OADE3EA:



J
T
18K1%1-J9GF9\)Y



MO57\?ZLT1BU

(L$ L#9-%KG<#K]=
MJD&]Q0U]BX&IV9'+C5^G


M_





0;B:1]B0C76




,IMU$F^BK1_BJ+=B$VQ8!#KH;/OY4*DV$^7FKU)5$DQK.5#\SOKF, 
M5RIE:OUR19)QJ$W@#B+73-_
[4EJX\QW!5K6!K@\-66ZHO/ C@)1)X@6NU+
MX+$NFT98J:5CV(II(EL,Q0]Q%2(1CX,G@R6,S!!4;MI*X4EU7J4H%F^PJX


MMH'&.-)NX6B7*OI7X0.IA'IXXS!YA


Q TF@],W=_2TLD'M%'DO


MSGQ?=H[Q')9Y4$+LTH1.-)#YD6P.^*#41E
X@? %'+0&I
(I$IJC:IP%7:LN


M






MU
M:S64




V\/
R4N9CQ$H&PB[1O- 88VD_YM#G7=UQQ

6J;:4888+=&0LGS0.#)3!EG7J/V(5X




M_I5A!TP




L
M4*D5RKH&BNF6%6US
+#






M$
[99.J'
E\\1WF7T


 VRO'T:XD..?$#A8'#1!X6GVV\VNP#
M?D??N








NJW;3O/:ZG5N
MA_U&O]'KM#LMJVO5O!6#N#CMPV^66[.4+3*;[8JR*F4A-K0L$%@;-:NP?!

7RJ:OZ3]V80[1PX
M7H#K% _G62
(#^@= #*1!

MB 2@8(3[.9Z!

M%PM8.SA%]L#N@OLP)$9S!&;VEXDU^

(827$$8



M(H(
#:&!SQYV(C

/-H'

MEKS?G-L]\@47

;R7:=Q'J5KM_U1^V;BRKV;SL7K8N
. +7E6V#N-XN05O :\Z1

M#KUPE/\MG&[Y1_2^%2XLW)09[?E7TB8L/
L;
:U1T0
XVTHUI*GK+G7=I:Z[

KWP/U8IWM:Q#
MICIUW:4N2140T_MC7L2?J.MN?7D



M7(;'^H+.^W'$F/$+_#;FQ@VJ..4X9PFY#X[$A]59N]2F?V+'3GCSJI%CY2
J!.?J
(G(B<CIV<FEU]K0V(G(B<3IR<K+Z^
MP.6)D!-EJ:RV1G_/HO&- I'GK[V(-4!6XUY5D7:&KV16;7-=H

MZ4KOU$QV7;
[T-=XYZ3=U4231)-::+)C=BEMAVB2:+)--D%6[I'-'DP_MX


@#*X'WBADLGLNB76?V5@S6-69@QU0Z(4'5


MM:8&JV'VVMH:ZAT+.908WK1J;8K=X:QNQN

M=0FGL@1)A'FMEV^&AU]56I$F$281)B:+-E[6WJ$Q$F$281YK:$:37TA4A/
MG3!//$IZ)V*CQ@
;A1%3D5(CMK]3?UYR K[ A_IF7Q\?.A9V0M1P6&JH9EI3
G24<]D$=$1Z6;B:<1VTU-QC2Z
M6YFNP$WJEQ55GHLGKA!@VIIB;(L/0'A7OE5P$181%AG1AAM4U+WTPU(BPB

#P)ARMQ



 5L55+H$Q99'!QW;$/I!S9O]4
6ESSS'LP#5<ST]BYIZ <7AP


MS=


M GO2C


_

@ NDC[*#

V-YX9
##XE_V9


2

8!V



M6$A8N L6%H.3A(2$A.4CH71[KG&#5@L#3T)Y)@1=B: %1_]2N*FD!/6]P);P
M]%CP=(4T7PI)E6H15JBJKJPRIT\
KK=]QK51?'5@5CE2UR[1UP)[#Q.-WX9W
M^MH8OJ%+X3X&8[\-3



[.@/)KK7L^_84%M?]3=QN6/UQIN#MK;8U;$P'J*&
M$Z6&IMGM:%.HB1J(&FI-#9;9Z))L. @UD NG;L32


C'0U0W)\S


MK:BE!'7O6&CBV)*(=*'

M-!%6W0BKFI75+;/9T99@?]J%U4221))Z!&&[5WX6'Y$DY2(1Q6KR^3;
P1[R









M]LQ.OV_V6ON;WD


PFABQUX8W

M^


M;




M$MLW'FS.#&[[=C3#]RYAT.Y'^Y=FHV$V5AA0NS]* /09P&8PP$
/Q0E =6JC

V')N/
MX1T2W 29(J_ZP

MVF-/ GV


-+S5C$+M





F#Q

 )A


MCR6P*


@F+M6 



9L9W[FOM?+4L7K6:-H !OHK9.AKNX/5
TV@:




M:CRS#8F7&P??[K


M% Q=URM&;[S #2=
F[

9LHA5LM9)(6'DR
&UG;






MF;ET[H/D&SO9K?+SS*^_8J?QG2/\\HSRZAJ90MH6Y![RVX8GJF8)TN;HOO

8/[-=H^SZ\&D$






OC:?0O%S**Y4;Q L4.SGP( NU

MYDN\;??E1

P
R
M:(


G%G


!M6+*DA\=7\C07%T^0H)+XH!(:C-3Z3$HNV]0UNB=&)4UNW6)
MRM;F1M4..^


MHGQ=7*F\Z&F+#SQEN- Q-]P6J]FHPRNG44J96V$
H:ZOZ_IZY^]U-=VDX7DB








M=\HW#==UI#SYJ)IIC*!307*@*Z+[EBUD:0FAYP KMND7!%6 @K)! /B(?%
M48[6
Z5US4


MA(:P +1@&B8+\J&UL&V P@(! 2662,J$!5OE%GW^[(%@676)8&@L74'-O
MQ:.


T'V/LJ;



:&//MOX^PU__^7'-+YXHG3Z\=X=LV'JLR^C09Y#
M\CE


MUWW3ZNJ6T[^]=LPK_4[O7^D]1W_WUY5W5)3W@S=A
?G




MI+BSG]_9]@\[66F9X?(#C:J/Z];E1M5^P-.+M
Y2H[7 E7


_[F
MM]O;52Z9L=Z
^J??21SZWI#\'UW\O]


MA6!$


8%R797X587*M74(A[
YZ)RUDSILH;?.4N/N@EL[N+V=4:%3H

M-YQ

M_C$


?
$&7ATR2OQP.%CPU+P==XFV?)W
S]Y[Y

!G1S2):QUF\ZF;FI]C#[CBK:?


M3:TC#Y7M!5\[ULAC40EO 




4OF;;@J)<G0A
MB<%F8Q&W:(_FE];M]G6TGH&#HG$M/P*&O!TBW7? 2P?;LW: ^Q(W&3'M@UM
M]NHDM6UHW;IGF%K'P



M]D*5*8E3H:KRE/KQ.I1;&EK/+

H4G

M&ZOO.'=V]]H:Z'=]J_[#N=VYU#C[BWK1*'P&B?
:SL=
;!_(*(R()V1*$OJ=
MFV-)$GF/:58(F81Y8F_*BU!Y.#^+:A :\9A'7J :2ZL)Q?K/8^L_^R?6?UI.
MU?6?QQY7FQM5^P$/


MLS7=*;\_1BO*:!4$I9H+0-$T&I0 BAQM:%^+@AAV_$P-0XJ
LF^D%[DA=N


=ST5E1B=':L$GE

M-=_?\81-;


4SER8G1U:Q1_
MM*PV!UC:UR;^G

M$A



MB


O5/+&2RG+K4!]7F1M5^P-K7I$@

M1&N
_@J%6 ?!*2
LU+@V:%Q[QVJ*HP8\A$D#EW=FBL@C'4K=_4=4EIQZ5/]-



B?G&38=6VR
KKANE;$A8UF\\
M%HU8P@3DC5Y5]114

+(8S&Z
O_I%[L\5 ZW$.<2%OID7<:ZT(8

IDA
MZ!!T9\T5PCV^1GOI-VP:

MRC
5]A1.FRT&!%M[P69JEKQ8 H(--XQ/2#$N;!M7I9$*R;[&G%A_9VFSCG)3
MI+/W5+J612TVBPS#&(C
*I!I:G8/XXFE(+.]\8_-@OO
DF4[Y7W!4/D@NS *
M R


:'P^!M_O^'OO_R8QA=/
ME$X_WKMC-DQ]]F4TR^1YH-\'PAX=!
-?%U;J S__ PCCR@_=/_[ZO__SE_53

W;#^WOW7
MP\T[X@WA^HF%_NS+N^?GM[J^O6;=^\ZMO]*WN@WPYN[=Z=X[S[Z\K+*@K^

M(.PA\0+R.4P8
33^YR!]@LL1+A.-)&-&KL

MQL+HB0;Y%BOQ)A

^?8_+IZY=+0N[X8
$4SL(G#(4C



RPM[NSSX2SUX@V3



E'(HM'%))[C3D$

(BGC@EK:$S

M_VH'^+JZCJBK!^H05@BK)L*J)EL_JY#*[4!37W*Q
2JFO*P4CY I)2O4*]2K





;N_VW5]7

WLAW\()W6[&GTT!'P!

'+B(*HG20?;[
M%%X.0!O. O 
V






M3UM\$
/



7J^RF/R^X1OB8M-9XT$3.PASS;.\RUW)2VQAF&W.L$I8J7V+LN?O724D:H&
M+-&#1/B53_KLOQ.JS6&7U5N8/VMARPC<C)E02S2^$327A!+BU@C.<F7CR(<


4HO@




K&?GAA$(^]:0-VE!=M


M^0'+IKHAC8*#;6H=C&^VYG6_-S2G+VU.





! Q@[G0[94&
M0^)N+MOS8G&:B


M_MW@NCL8W/5O;*?;[PP4G-IMG@;53)YDD@F4^%QN9)I+E(S%X_:(3X7B
O


8Y#-64/C5NRSI2=?IZ--N_W+QW=

4G
W
5U6%4@Y/-?JVLPF04G494QC^





M
J$9Y5;@IN)!KA';%$@J[Q96VZ#80E^

SO0P\?


DA/4
M5H%4?F349BHF




H7XW4[]+







MTW@0



M IJ[%/#

&\GK#(49YVGR5Q[B







MRU;


XH0-O\%_

P9&[UJ_Z]D]




+J*CZN]7[ZG(HU$!92OF*BTLE7.C5Z
!*RTK



M'VYH1D_:2






KV^
!8?Q#J-
M9O09G.?6:Z%YI!:V=CR+..F0N6%$$R\

X.
M:B0]U!_


MF;*]EH4JUJ8*2%H= ZZ.S06
7&N\3(B$9$5AW[5-W-GGJ

M)E!*B

PN'4I:(=N8!8XH45
M*.@ UG5A0HU%V M=WZPQ$MQ3
L
ES8%L^B4M1@.\@)[38$#.F58H-4X6]:X

MFW)& S(8
A@RF+(
=O!LQ

Q&Q&7N

GFC@_3?[
_(=[##=^8R;QYFG&?T\IJ$?D




N578


5=/ZUC2.IPB



MN!HQB9B4@DE+LS%M!S&)F%0(DS;XTM(&Z[4;DRW?UKWGI1Y$()+_'YG0Z ^6


V

D$5BR V&!<] 8$TJG?B_
M9<^X;&YV!V)*'J;:CAG$!&(

V)5A:K8EK_M$TX-7B*RZ(4O-RAJCI^FZO!Y*K:ZL

M0[VFP*'$[4VCUJ[8)SZKF\7);&

UF['N:6M^JK$LX;HLB
!&8
M^W;YTBUY56H(3 0F E
2
#M&95.?$)@(3 3FOL T='E;I&T'9LMW23^)O5'R
58L/FEDOUE^7:U?5DK.!AFV(N*S(;
ALQV=F;K:)8M+\2)
MS(;


M2LBS;$Q]^EUU3D0A'K8WTZER;V:'0.LF1&4$AYJ(FJB&X% 341/5$!QJ8ILU

IVV?_U.\0S8D
M%(1$GUB6EAF3

M@D.-J\R:QI32.KBWZB#RL

MQ]*Z%684(Z@05


X-?CF+!@R(;D-QJY8](Q-&+JAJ61OZ4!(QT]

[M+NV&DO]=/7

S+_C<LEEO$$4^57@#&G
MTTNILI&Y:!V\.-=Z@34_$+57V&WK)QN-




-D_+'?OW1T



MX+RII4 \O


X/?49[$TQ*LC

MAF=4E_
G$2-S(7





YPL

M6?MO;U3JG^J:T=%+U[I6[.T@)A&3









?2'V5D^LP1;^\AFH /2
M63M@U S#]-%G)XVAJ#X*UGQ_E2Y/L6GS26WRP_N?E5.X78BMT%I#:D-J2V

M$1QJ(FJB&H)#341-;&*VI5(R1D6MN:*B)J(FGN(J-B*?3QQT2Z
 [BHF4Q:1




I]ZTK/D/20



V


%F&8^@\*2W_



LFCRPB'4

M()LW^:)PWB6ZGI\CSW+AGXL7#KAB^DN
+JX[/W$F
9?Y?OZ;G]_I[\1G8#EW



MJK/;[BB?4GR;==^_F@W?PLKEPB+


1]0[UK@*]

[)P)Q.J4]^]4:

?4'-)+??





@9KBAG6%$4H;0R
J_:
J

M@_JSI_[L:N*+^H/Z@_ISF'SJOF^]*LU\C)3)9T:=7?-0B+4MA#@=UTH)41G!

M0YS*A:$X-98$U!_4']0?#

3F?UNI/WX.DI8D]\
M+*T7))$7Q)Y+GOEL6IX0%Q:J2^
D=/\@839EOLCPFU7,U?PG%WD36R:+2-





?G

[!LQ AGX@D5W
M3L1AYXG.:



)MDNI)'M
M/L*)#O$)#W^/CR/6Q9AIG017$N-D49;N)3@J#3,!2F ,.+L'2CLDKQ[SA^JP
MAED*:R YJ:?



M^ ?A*S4\;^2%0\*R8I6U?=5+F8\F5T
/SC.H.9[

Z3
C09B0*?6&
M (PA&8;B
.N)CR&^





.
MGOWXYO+MI]LO.?'X=
)-B8KAZ











MDE]%F)9OX_J\VBFCZ8D:?67VEWAMF115^Q#5_EOJOQ*C)W2YR_



0PUAUB/\I




M'5U:9KP2;[[
%N+(





+BR&VM.@66I=SOP?3[V-DPCXH<<@'RT
:%BHK&H;_5#E_+
M#%';RLA2GL;EVZJQ7G&]NV3ZK0KKKV HN*_9?P^IL38'O2O#OKOJ7MW85N_&





SN_%9
@2%DV\0'0H((\T!A&&21C#^Z:1N0_*0T24(,$(QN [[P9Y_=
M




M/!:W;ZG+?\25G;QX



?_F+;_C]
PH/+&Z)FS.+XW(KZ@E8+B%#;H.DL3#D
M2/(2 E38E%
GK_&%T][#G7P.X3=&)WMV
DHC089@\[FIH%=^
7[&W#2!+Q;'



 M L42PB;OU!N1XO#XN7C







MR^X(OGV
^?6<E./5A^<^^1BLR9O$[Z0+]P!

I?DNM%;CJ!=\ZE

OF8$:I3E]A8*W@:4F\]5D<4:QPYJ*6H5
M%

M3&P_


GG989UK%1 M
M
!$BR


CQB[ F.3
M!C1'-'+'K[

_)!ART5D362[]SF
MZWXNT^/'CU2N+\RGE=B%#:O_YZ&W)K-[-4LEH
GLK&6UY?'J(\ ]S1Q^^


MXO&U^*

MBS&!Y.!ADTRT03B3G7@G7I[3M3BLX



#!4*L0Z4T98J'%MT+@36](:9_9Q3M[FSSL7
M%#*SB[G#%SS RK\4F^H[JFG0%3JKJZB&0DGK*UZ?$0:FI1E]:1WF])P#BD








M$(S%\)Z1+%JQ9-Z\%Q0$/L?BDAKFI/#G&/AQS#L5SXA?+D E#7^Q+WLRY;-A
;PP<)!/9\;

BPXX!7W)1P&*AM7Q;.Y4=M7L*LNKSI@NC6/:VB5J]KA%HX)R
ME^%U

8L$

M*:




C
MA(X &E'YZ]_W8V%I!8O
263-J9J3BR)Q-+X]0IT0XG4)HJZ/#YH@OD\8)?C

Y7MR+*(/E%2W(M7
:S#W8,V\U@]%:/]
M5[0F]<G7ZVO ?!1G6N,ZWY,4Z.L%C'1'6&





ML_:$)_;=JG( 8/!__=$0F+RKH6DQ :


MP?(!=;HP2/Z=JUA4FMP0Z&W*XF\[%S&\ QW)W%1$@2=P
C.9\!1E9XHYWI?3

M




M@\.]UHH+A?!'8*W 6B&^&)SS']D$D4#0MYM+R.PSR3O=C0X';5G*H6\VR[


M-%-Y2^UR6OED@LB\XCO^_1DOI@^Y'GJ5H-FJO'R'.9\(1/KC'. #:$&Z]D=V




MF6BL.32#!_&
/D!S#.X
!PV-8(+OP#82)+


()MAT8'-I)P
M=5Y8T7P7 7+2ICNL7'R26$9$9!O2NT3?);+V;HE
QIC)^[\1LA49AZ)H5!

(A=


M E'O3M1#H_E_8*_C1]G[29'O0ZDR097OD*\GXCO^?6=J=F_O^^EP[U.BW3X:
MM
=;Y]2G*.]6.S!!9728DY\%42^
+UQ13TZJO\DSKCZBBUQ[L/:2=YJKKXQ/
JSX;O1/JO7



_%X5F+;EA6D;
M$

M18LQNMC'MI8#^S0L\_Z@


M1Q16GW!P.QD+ARI
V+-Y1*+'Z/E%RH3J7R/]/F8%1J^1




M2^J%YU$8X
XRK'5B)!(=






M.L4;K]$


$24S@8N:=+^NG0?:Z[.)/JU


WH'





MG0#%)!S)I-(%:

/ Y<&M; %M5[0N8MOQ09'23%FLRTU1-
M&$X!1^JW8H3:XDU?RSYW4#!@
&MXM!D\#D]M #_@+^MH _4Z/XC\G$2+\S




^1?P-^




%A@L


SM


S)!D%_ 3\!/P$



MB N(ZPWA N(X@+BND^XD(0=DK[C
^0A!3P$_ 3\!/PTUGZ!/P$_ 3\!/ST

 0



\Z1B8+# 8!T@7&P
MP&!P9X^@[W<AFVX#)+-$:BKAXT#UW6!<!WANJ#60CYVR
=^6G*JQ^(H9$L$
M?@C\4..'D\'!X6%@B

M96^P=[P7M
?:H
;K@HU3ONKYK0VL1K149'QG:M*B1WO#GQ:!1?D%K8##?
2'

M*!7'%W
E



M?\]YIF^)RG4*N]4L9GX6W

@Q'(V$UK#\L*'L9+?
MN+(0'

6AEGN[AYN=0@[*7;1/TJ@






MKCDS'
FN:7XS!DR





&XB:

AO_5' U2FCT#?KC3+91P#CH0-#6H_CEP

 GK*[(Z7U\A.GI@/Y+3 .:TT?BH:6$

\&%P6VU07&JT-\CJ
MFS2F#3K-3*28
@KM@_]!QLV8IX)3 !6];IKB-;@/TWF/@J3OW&Z#F?EH^!.:
M7#-IMC:*RGYN6+BH\DTTU:VF?7@B\60LS.#FDD\/(
&-6XFU=AL[ML.\61(+






M'O.\J!6I-8U=RS)-$&8




E?^5
QF/!&F

' T#-N83Y[-N:#PTNZS-?0 6\17IC6+5RE!?4R,O1*Z(L-!2X]6YT/SH9
M'(^.!H='(5K6$VY]%O[7\V^@^'F;^8+7!<LT




MSS:S1X879SHO6A(



M58@=VJD05WRW2P)G@^)QP0A8R!=ZP'#-1WSXC2B '/$:V?21RCE&7]AWKEN=
H[Q4N=1<[T;1673%

MZG.B.5#.$%9J8:2CF$2B0#IFLHB


$!-7
M-

M!M





M\']9 B
X2Y?\/.3%B;2Z2LRH&Y9E)8H@^$(F:(E?BBPCWIK 0Y7&1'T)U#\9
M&''&%*K Q#C*V 
T
!
RO[BK66?V2?Z)T5^+%7T-ZO)']XF=/1DEOEJUP^<!?N[9?85G



Q!30L


/2:U&P;<%63EE&*[G&3E?*5F,
M=;K84!L*$M*C%&L-Q*M8;BX:E:'.A/2V8T8B%J2S2=&S;EX%:C\M#$<1:,
MRG4692*Y3F:T
*2T5B@Z6V
8*3GE

PG9DXU)4




J_-V!SM
MW]P0WD9=
FL3X@IHOP+(KT;VP6-@=;(Q?(-GKJA#%-U.P*WO/+#W$V#O?Y3I
M_ ;F-HP-MNJ+12-F@84_9AB]E&KN?3R6P_

M[J8/[%^RQ+V5#Q\__/'B%:KEJO2B1MA]]9''Q9@)*CGCA



Q$[PM@


M 1JKC^D

MQDVR9




/B-
 5TD8Y'1


M6ZH9):X=A:0S.V9LY!TI/DGI@+%SQJL#/M!$%?V-W?X0^?S:6A7476H.G/#O

MF3].=N[%S7M HW/SJFTF'V+&1PBPB[P?#4]Q:]_):=J47'2GCM?MYM]N3]'J

M$0!I
[5[\54FO-4]YB0





UFY5TE6CU-Z(!6W08A#J
+



W'&T_PG.*5=_'L=X;
M[NV]?7]^?GYP



B=:$8K[
MN\
VA8^7_#ZYTZS&X@DVH2(^RU





:B:'@
M0E=4&MAXMFD/
V=JNH/%L2I9JGV.I4FH)-/$[6BCQW2IV$R[ZD?H?5UAPV-F
M3H29/GPII@%ELN^D)B9.M!OX$\V4(
O)4=HQ*CZNF2H#
R+4XDI^@[YQ$T-H


MONJBJ0E01X 




G3\\++XZ
M4\X6SA^


A^B!I&#C[[<CA
MS


MP#TW)RD/M5$Z6H@E@5B[?[V3;4)&'O(V MP@-7:4V).15\A']9?74!TY .CX




Q:28H\/#HX-A(\5$V/JE


MVBCIX(XSV+Y'5W0*_\&C+Q2%'@FPMQD#L.JRUB2.&YF$Q@QD[X[JWLGU[_R0
M4O#WG:%(X=F$
Q4XS#'-4!/3E%79P\CFCT6)(#RFA'USA@-)UAZA(LUIMF

M(&5U(_M:A(M[8-'/M9:SR2VC+A30^#[XJ?$2@YG3V35&PC)?_.;4U [N4M!E




;3A[D4R)SY'N;B!B\F


WWPHDZZKN&Q7AZAL3\TF?/


M[ZDK%XLP[2E43A[73B7K[3 T16K.0.J*RBI5UON]A0J99[OOEXCPWY$?XI$0



'=4:2JG8I*FAY/V+DW2[
P2=

ME3F4XVSTC+CW/@;3I.=:L_EQ;;/)R(@]C2)D9STV.GQ'=].DYUKK^;AYZ]GY

)MQM)P3USJ]IT=ASB/]K
DC97AZFM?3

/_UP$TTF

^L6QVJ7X4&[^=-;3HO-902ILTK0PE




B&JU5UH*%;37[[JCG&@?R(R2*7$1#?(.
BE



M9X\8[GN:P $R$B








]0YTC+*JB




M]MA ^5\$EFND:_*$H^
M-E
^V94U%I=Z71N:ZN+:'(44?&A'+MW#9&9K-+

M$R'7QFYP
@AXB ?*#B8XX/\9'1X
CZ
=Q2NU@I8#YLY'--IM'#@4+?#)H+85


MS



-?=<XOB,+2:$*@F-Y!A/EQ@


!]RBI2AV:Q;0#[&PK4



9['+9E$ZH[V ]$CLI9/8


7;
U6 D2-!OCYA&]



VC?;CZ2NA AAHF+3Z I0+

MY=\9)


;73(C5

MQL/)J4Y9Z*4^W7PM);TVC;03*;**TYS3Q4_T'86

E)XVD'I9Z1Q#$J
M4%YZW%W23_6DGWX#I(\I?F1R774)P8$'514! \.7P@/_

M07?%\?C
UA.'#8+MAUW)5)LJG*A$]A\BB? T3/B7G($3E)O(\;!'/-@CNAX
MJ8J/(&$9[4P+$2ZB9^HHHM+]GVZVN9RM]K(8
O3&\E&$) 92HB;-.R T:3Z

051+^9OL


DO6#

&;!65=#Z6BJV8E4PM&U0,Q#@.H^),KT]D*]W4MNY%!B*BL
M77]'#&CX:P[9)7['SU/-B?+\F9@;:NMFV%VK#L
%JCL^4)=*7
Y!P;)W87E
M(J'V8-W



VZ%DRD'&;E#
DUT$+=#Q*=

77.)G6S?C77\B?\2\OXM@WH1Y__O67


O5?XI5]TW@[6W3[

68O'VJM+9'_0O?%4/X($8H8^?/W:?CE
M!0QN/&W1_EW)OWS/'SPI_XTM2A-CS


^^N7J9
MB[T\\7XRC^%-;5T]JF=UG (%F9_?)G$].LO+LXF,&XB+T=];^NKS&[N8Z_

M0






Q






MJO9&9=.$;_5H=#(&R3BSX\\U] );8PN_08NJ!:A\7-?GTUE]E4VZ

=4@JR
4NUC\

MIW$



PS9Y!LQ:S[91UJ)J 2IWE3H=

N]T:;]U 7Q2#PG
=)[
;
.@1[JI*[=K.T/2WX_UVM?NB=7$8L2H$J7&


PLBVU'?


WON78
MT
OTJIF[69J/[HJW7SQ#]7@H3

MH'6(MQ2^B5_CB.T895B[T/A=&XG8_AB^BY.%O'(.3)B(%A:='4H%[@&YBF


C0Y@B2G 5$O



M



M+-ZG=2


PN%-S\
M2U81^]D0M_52&1]-I(XBZHE#1

Y6^KV$$W&$Q+\Z






SMKR-BM+U '=BS
MM
&+4
2%T^IQX#+.A^5PEW%8S@;Y- WDBM6UK6K%+2

D@ID& 2D9AA)$9%#P7FE'F

$-/-%[C=NEY\GL!J$MTSNJTC@]YE_5



$Z0$Q*2VE(LIM;NHP9VC


M)!XQ7PRJ2/:+6PD%8EM2U+O$ES$E3WA(0*VB*$:O40S1(-![@+6)RTD-#A*X

ML
 :)9&(8

M.#%



QAFE.3+]XR@!4-]!3'J


F2YEI=A8F2W4K

+!-


M)_%+'$_KK_'U&



SN4
% (G3
M\^^SB87Y 9DRN7D-PZ.4Z$F8 [T?;Y_UW-CB,M@O5;4:R^]A@D#U1LYE\4F
MZ-N(&JNXL8P8TRT$LIB?KO// N0.2:02P1*W!]LM9)@*TI7.%HB!(F(2
Z0




MBT'5B3%V._(HO*%WF[5GJ8U[Q*F$_A;'
/P1T'L2KNIQ/9W=OBB_G2.VU*RD




M7#_;-\\?2@)JS%IN PHN6F3R-2HNP.80@3G-G&7.'W4LVK'ZT?;'N=B) H!R



(UXR9
ML


)R9DG'+!R%-)0A



B]L9'+37V^O[IW::#=''EZL.


DV]V$GX&0H\%T0+B_.^Q^3RQUU]J7TJ4K^RQ!
@K
M.RX!\5V.KY-Q^#$5V*'Z?5P!Y]-9?955H(OY;#Z)RXK0O6^YR-RTH?6^T-$0

01)
M[03B+%#$O&.(1PN?.$N=.N9+!/U/;#
X@ 6
\@U4K[$4N_'0FL8JD6Q06EO$
MV.V%IPA6+-B9*ACB@TF2=3R2+'86=3BVZ@_3 V1=7:R)?23SZ@8J9UF
0GMD


M(:?#%HPBZKA CO*$L
')+KS
MS@I<74S)4 'BF4OH7FFDK8/A<MC@%15




D6U6;@:V6E!LON._3;


$?'MX
!OY&879Y
%CQ)ZQZ'Y



-HE%2E(C%V#LJ
M@SQ
4

\X/PW)SWLC4[
MM6JUPM* @J %$OGMATA\0(PSCY1(.F)+L



DII)E73MA(DNIV5:.LGZF8
M'.L/QT
H^$M#V?'H[VG-2EEGA


[9X6:?HGA_F'/W1AD

MR+




^UQ)MCSD]\0
8EB..XCT<9W5$[R@9J_[:J\S*[54,[ &A24*POF *'/P(6G D
M4O)6@'BO%O:CC)APP=DK&[H'<ZJ*N WO#\&7Q634*S# ]J&:\
 -I]?;:I6






_Z\(.@IC0_DS3=9
M





+FP]^4\[

#$U
3(S
M

M3





WB.OX3?_7'(E]/9\%R:$MGEX\
17FS
M97JX5U]S

M?KU:5\5OL\7L=GW[/K3(YT]:!W']O5Q







FVW
3?KV-L\'#Y0+N__JVQ.C[^@D



M7%(TZD9]DKQGS*1TO5E
B^M9V*N+T

M)A_SOX[/;4?3 681U62YN/?MO*O*+[







M)H=MQNJ+CO?%//I9WH49?/L8_K;
)YMKFV-S/M9OZ/D]VS:1N]R[]M0@T:


KU)N;Q
M73F?-0F&/6V4M'














M:X2!0#81BW=9Y3OXVYTCW_.X$QP)./M@*C^-@5Y7U9
HGAT\WMLG$X K:H*2


$(T&TD@%V6!/0#30(9N%I]+JJ7
M+N[C
GX8Q:H%$B%78V3@)_F@BA/B Z &F+!47?S3AG@%R(#O4*3;A\XB?W[
MR=.2DT
$XY;ZG! SW$6#BG8( 20;


=JB](ZI_3X_
4V\H
M8 AIS@F'4@KC:M*
9*@-VT^_B!JG]N\'LS.)0_RQ*HYK@Z-]
V.
!M@!B2S%
MVFMDS=8F)XC8T9H%G?G70![Z@.K52\C83(?Q4;W0(7-DV5OWYJ]AL.5AD/
MNY_RVG


[^L%^&86
A^6#
)?2RAA;
M!;8K@!


MY!@'XY*-7B^G4F.7\!SYA)H=K[*^+[X4BW4LZ_)@GW^8+2;%TW=JP]I3D]7Z
M\:G! ^?.WKZ52:6]4]XJQ(#PUE-

MF3^4HWOV!& SV=LS2 ! &
 4@8@A&Q (.J(^:6A
7:LS=.^AW*F%JA^PNNB_



MD:XXVC=3CC&*&+


M[IG#=5G%PMM7Z]6[HIJ5T\

BC
M

L%
2




MQV-=
PMH++* ZZ&R8(=]LC&.9TG!O)(-PL!T5N7/O-DX(V;Q;QR9Z=T9W]
M#)QABL*.;(&G6DAA/
\
R![84+[4&KS

M%=

M0D5\KCC\YRI?W




R=35;%]
.JG/QYM #%









L0XSOI\NAX2.3R%WPKSL%871
M

/9'4AG\L1(YLIR=)*X]_[W'-
M?3&F(_4IG*+K3\O9=)97WS[D445O7!]'G I[^V38X)CYKIAFP4)WWAYA8E

M*.[$^*R='GGXO50
A=:_@9B
Q:X:M70DEXHW[ZZ..BRV;3*&D$$JGL&EM50J


M 



DP
)=45V7U6V^F!0?PQ#+S^5\VF#O.'FP
S:K

JF)#4*.C!-&FG#V)D1$TKSV@!A)VPC%8
?:@81B
M8-!2Y#BMPN3BU#]


@)109EQ\]8=94I=T




MG;@&



M\RNK)U



M;\O%_62NUJOE*E]


K




XF#$D!BGP^+BI0:8FD2G;2B).SVX]VZ:1 +/D




M4

?#$I-K/\O3ALM^SLD3D;SND!
M0N




,<!-P=N8HQP!J:!76T*(;A<G

M^E;$0)'@)Z:T'B#^Y.Q897&L$1M$





M#EL?T%1 H+&7TD&NK A@VD2UUH=--6\L(V5*+!






0@P((H%%1B*5L5CQE;MKZV-
1R.

MUN]Q4A01ZBPKF %G60!2









MP$)$(=
B
!
'OH)P2L6^W2GM/'GO/6JOLV![8:+[KBKOBFKU[=T\#P0O-L;B


MM)=(R(_
(F/28\X0\4QSRH!40FFL(718
PY


M6M%/_I 12PE DD'O-!4BQEMA1S70UGODS255 !Z##'=&^
)$^7 )T)Z_%(OQ


R&Y


' #$PV+F6
*:@W_\X

M5SF<Q)R&T%GS*J&VR#O(%4WD?WH+#?0B@$A2T\^<F/$RT1;Y17N5IX)QG

NJ0Q+A@%)'!=80D/HHSMIK%+2W5@=
M%+#S2
ZR)N!]\:58K)M$]A[HG3D
XWYJ(*(0A,O,1313!L;EHJ$[1Q366D

Q





]TC

M1=M
(R29UEIAZ,74'BO:G(@,^,JEY.:A2\*6G=#+X$P[+=5VMI]+4?,*++
M
F*-HAX Q@#Q9+M

MD-_:$Z,R\(:G&='3:K3X$K _0^K0'E$X,.D6.35K#QB,.ULGTEGM;&&RLE
^#(]SSN!$<SKY;?YK/)G^L'G(C
M:Q/DVQ&]?JA;9J!RQB

PO Q3.#H

MN_)N4E:+_U54BV*^S!?3#^O%];S\6E17L_GA5(
&73/H
14@!F!CP81S3@
1

O1;7
JV\]
M;EPO!\^009IH&U1TT U&( *0VF[QVJ5Z:;1I!
E@\M!Q-^N



0<Y-


M#.IMS
;;!@G3+QMG0B.OI&)$(F(Q!T[C8. )!!%R%*MC$8L#$W6T!.6SAEDX

M#!#





9[4Z
0\5L2!Y8@Y31C6@9#'R:

YIZ[J_)?#T-





%HX



M8\HI!(Y+6Y
FN!*C
N5[Y'8*M%)X;M;%Q_)]




8B
9 (!+@
ZL7QN31!1[5[DXA?$Z
Z0
MI.7QHZ_PM%/[RWX9#+A([!&W)F#%A.7H47-!-:ZZ
RD/[IVQ2F?2UXGGT30]
M;M





M8NO^7AFG'EKDC&&2:$H(63KZ3 $MZID
(\'


V]X-+ I9_K(I\

M[W=VS2PFL0:](\X@0H2G

%ZY\(S*


G+8*

MF((:TE,J\2WM6:&W.S48GFT_!(833U6IK7(&
$
-YZ2K1!S$'N:_*


]WX_MX5U8?/X7#5[+)D
M7^^
6B MET9!2@17D#&K:I))RTBJE)GP;06C?VS2BL-FADNU7GTNJ]F_XN-*




.
$X0VK742;O[I 1CR'R
M4NA#&



)8E\MF
C.-=($KAO3LA


MKH)V?%=4LW)ZKS1_+[YN_G3XWK#) !D5PG'GL N*EV(I!*O?Q(00Z7;I\8
5



B)\-89\H-.GCT&]+P*@RT#5AZ+Z



M#F6M#
!1I;F:2 ELS09IP@3(375!'#M,2^GI8G[7)5!K
T!^9=)V@2;.5O



M$2
%)-P8$Q U6WL)

?_+_173C@M=+ *S

M#TC&[@X94D!1*ATQ

V (P$RP8$$%'(OI:U?'(E[JF[G

\_Y-3BD!\/P?$(4K;-E7_?9
M!P;+--.2*TA@O/R%W$DB'\\%%+8ZR0]7(F7P^^S^H$H@.T'#UL4R[U.3:_=#
M?'MD=5]+\N$OAZKPGC)
%M0W





U9G


UCOM[)^\23OAG$S&
KM88FZ&^'+;9;LTQQGZALT0A%HV?D$@C*
M^^)N*\_-Q&-/C\PP()A0-A #G$06U-?EH0CH+V(J, AA*(?O!+O&3&U]V-1
MW4:K*S[8$29], SP:-\,89PL

M;J))
Z$'#H/:
/Y!+O


M9&$-! /+(!
4I_




Q9#0FD.FS)CBOI'*)UT6O*+&CE/1O
7.GSB;U!\$D3
M




5]^MH.N6C6





\Q?




AS
&=XQ*79-BM4GU]D?7E]P;



MTAIZ%

=;EV/I$





MW[7

%[F@_*QV!?S4
M4H+ 

8@

Q_)=7AVN4MEQ




MHXDT*5






M892

ML13]ZIO.ES'AYS;ZVL[UR=_SZC[SLO/%=0?;_B%(Y?G

M\VIZZ





=P+A@[HY-/9^#J2<P<\]+@BIFX=W?KU9A(-FO 2*

0XTQ!G)++)!Z7%%Q?3&J/0 I A\VRCY\[8A-]*Q=YH$/%K]'FC(4\_=%
M@* FPTK;ZI+C]-&S.*ND8P@?6&I9'PA;3QMIWB,]E&N)PV.2

P-
T(^

#6;#]I!2TUCH8&]VN2MU@5TAG9?#WA8EZPC2!R+POEJMJ


?GGPYO?
MAT]\3UIEU'L$L'322TF$$=9K7Y/ 6I9(/;VFX86=]]H#F$X&CEJ]S]IE2@5Z
MK2.4






MI0S/YS@:6*[/C/Z8M^RG9 89^7TT NU?7XF,\H'DYX(Z%P0BE


4X\I99)
M7

MCZ3?SVQ
622.:($) Q0#P.H

;
CJ22_:XJ/SU



-VD.B ]3/$H^K^E^+@O<DPKEZ^5_]LO;


5D !+2!M-A0)
M792#W6RJE\3NID
@S




A1;(SRK

MGGNU


[5
M_3+&!\-1I:C#C-*@?BMJ-07
2
 Q%(+!5:L]T:=:;]G ]&/P0SOJ4'#FL/
\++JQD#_WZ1@-CQ0'[]H#


M2


M0?




M]#(H\!P9!IQP84\4E9\6018[0(U
1&JW\TH4'^OQ84CI[S(L
RA@D!%!J0:V
M2MX

Q9225[]KP

8C?Z 0AF



:R%3*4U0426=0SV4&[0= @FD6EQF4$Z\5DP!@R:T

]M-AT8@R_-#!(M8FV-1YI@8%F83I* '(-*G
X
MVZT]4C929%R
P_27P(X;F[:RHSE-+E\CIL9E$.A*M\SY W@C'.#63.\\N:



0/A_BT\N-N^6KTK-\OU[6^;]782U]#3

7'/NVH6:L0HT112)R225BK)




M^6TL&4ZABW$XAVE4C^_B
ZE71PHO



M\!_M-3%(40RI


M@S*%@C9JTGWB&#'2



<OR?9P[Y##
@C<M!-IF;V+@<Q<.08+6,J6<E*W.5 4%]X 02
MKZCPO!Z$M7&VD]G4LXI5G 8@F% ,^E8\0EA4\X CA0 %VGKK<#T0!=5,ZEEU
MIN-\Z:,X,&;,;FZJT5(';ZK5G6:R


M  EIPLY3=YL3ELI:%57MJC/DSZM=C89'@CD96?R*6T
@54QB3+6VVG/W V.
MBK6?3?&KV*UW(0Y^)/


M^F%6VM!E25J/BV44W6%6+

M!:BI;LJR

M0;A'5ED/+:)
 XP
;V:H#






M0;@+YW0M&%6B.:A@0J^D8.#?9MY.R/VL)^V/1JD\YVW//A;8@JJ8G=? (0R

EG.QWXX
@@<YX!)&@]9L!$E

S
LE/XJ/]?@PI

 @A%:

/
':C'X!@
MQAGCO#%


.!6
NP1
9T%
M+NEGDS
MUS$_


MHP2'@0%' QNUPQ#5#$;=;

Y#$E0-##C3F#4:AX

MYL)B@@-&I/80

'0ML

MNX_A9J.Y

4.]L)GL== (PKASBQF'-\.
M*[!1


MW%0ZY


*

MR3?V.X*%

R2
M;0'J-$+.0J40AA(QZ^HT5<99E6\\]TV.F?=B@/HZN0@MTT^%_K3TQZ==V@
M@8W3Q%O*/0;:8%)G*S,6VLQ\R88STI)TK1\<F29=<T@SA:6 5%IC,74<TD;@
M*8Y2XV:3=UVHQ^ 8

9+N3Q]%Q/C]7'!@S



M'Z!F&#N'
'
6 ULG#3


M3EE@F8RK79?$C@+J\*$O/U-IF#F\ZY04&#&-
M=25C$X(1;H .



DT,KT$%F.9Q*EUEHT4\3]Q


MB+ZXVS] NMWN[Q]^=M!I/X:3AP[]^W?/$VK\APKC#2&.*R 
 %6V?
EK( EG
M*LJ!-S]?IFD.K


12




M+I=J79H7V#*'%):.2($]X-0;K:TPUGNLA6J[$YKZ NW



!LK;AW






-8#HNDBR92^AD







M8'O'#
6 V7K)=I 1DZT*- G?W65J1##_UO*5F\HS1[%*+DYUDH;WY=WA
FO[



IG


V0X8[YVM70VMTC+
M24



 W7E


M52G

IW#CPJW





VO

.C3-!74
MIS


5;LSKBC!_
M/)2 A;./E


M%Y/9-\A,*/BE]D.-=+.5A!2$04B&

9-2^XZHP*
M8P)9LN6G




M]NN^=?6$VX=XE*&K4%JX06ML2()Y*#R)OPSD1VN@GO!\7L;D )@9Q[I043
M)NP &M*JF/T1+$_R34LTD*WNM2&C +HZ.9C'37AZ^F=T$^XUDT11+CBT3 ?M



BC'RLNXJ[K18W8S6_5BD
M$P Y=5[?_VF]W



_HT@XR



K=(7%0E_8%

8U8!BA/)PNIU(1D[$MEX
W1BGM!Z=7CQV^EV =EVQM@A]W2V_

U_]LOMLO;S?DD]ZM:P


0P*?AJ2$@1VSHFRCXHVF
M^%P!
6( 20X


[:DVGVQ=268@DDA(J

#G+S



MJDH+Q1PHIB!4H7.86=T^N#:R.#JKC1V=NH>&;G928X/YR0NM,!AZ:5& V4P
M9

M$:N\L128L/$%I2K\&U#AJ4-M6:'27F1
(0VC89-2'





;2['**M&64

D76P


M



IK0QX.
D <9BM9AQ/S1F.!X%R!6SGI@5?DN3DY!Z+
M@_G]ZG;;E!/[\.?B:]7I5L-6A]8%E89Z[)WC#G,-N57*-NBY5/5[.VK30RA;
M3XU- G%P^\WZ=GUWMV@/*GK^:,$!J[(/RG!)%Y[[J!J-!MF8131DUU!CTCT
M0 2L%IEB^PTGW]\L.6

T@T


[[KT; 80I+N1I*NO0ZEDA(+(ZB@#/ J^]2C%4[2

M=J.S]PL+#0D/NJ;G&$F'.!.4X'JP/IP!LE*4)R)^:M2&B
C'/]?CBDCO%Q;.
M2.:)

2&B6 ];L6;([ZX??QJA]61&9&K6$:IA?;\J;Q;9#)

;%F9<QKH2=\TY8[RDGCE28

MQBD7^3'@27X

M+7
<K-:@E%Y$@W
OU[?+FW8/VW5DN

^OY^N3O8X

=Q!)R!1$+
T$UJCPS#$6)QVSLG-





MI&I

MQ7_D+Q1 
*[#)/&^*L&MA7B

L&PN.*B/H88JTU03"#89G1VIFP$TEH
MH578^$1QA,.#OKL2VJ6H3S],4ES:C536!7'-@-#'H8GH NJ:=!0I49

M_(J #^.O6^&7D5&;D;QP* 6SW


U5*VD'50CI3TEH&J!\:B=TU

EB4J:F;H
4SSXV*38@T?)8$3-X @4X7)$D&#ZB$(UMH$
MC9AQAJB(NM\1#&@2%U^#% 21HR/D[A':Z:X8
*3 ! 27#DDCLJIYM+S^:GT

Y8SB VPQ


R//.1X$




Q=T.:B[\^YNL=H][=/K#MX'[8T+Y(R2
M0<DE2$CC--8VS(5P$L70*Z_]91P1'J7^Y C:O!.ZOJ+PR)-PXB: 24
\
(1


G_5U06LN.ULZ?GBV\EY9C 815'@.LD02F'HZR.[50'I[9V=6
M?DJD-0R0K&W9&AM*'#* U@%SG/G=3T41/A<<NG'<CL
CB0S]X3:HK]W\$WM


MMNH99UH5B )#E ] \2IW%_(4/&ZR $9=TDRF3X[*V7HJD!+(@=]O NK[31DZ

4MS35IFE
MJS00K^Z_;M;?#H?I=BDXTZK*L*


//3P[OC.2

%@H2KZAGAHI#
M[




M_G3%-0XF*:XQ'SOX9G$?_O@Q+

+IP!FH )M@H!SJ071@H)&BFV2&2K

8V$LYKI61V#01J+8O4!02RR[0P%)9
+=OB^_E:M]
M^=MZ?;L][YGQTN.% )(#@JH +(*UJ J'HWI03(#


4BQ]I9WX9V?PY'^]\7F

;EF#04Z+2;4U6[77
*3XJ+F=%X$3AP]=AC5FO







[VQ@E0





MZ9G=UJ30#@!



M1(&K_*\P8()C +SF#G65[W2R>ZY)@4M'^EYM?KXY_I_R\6F4\!#UW




X]-9

TIK%N:%EHYK*CER#OLN,-$/0Y6QQELKY0M8K.O'5.R1B%
+J@5BHFZN)[N?
M&)?L7%*L *
$8+E
8.(EIY#$(N



:=&\J-)6L[C92*LI+-H- K

MD06 2^Q9Z&E0TJL#0*0L;A=)
I#R
B?_[*) J
)



M 07JG'
(DB@U?[(ZX!
0.RH\

*#B7_[OOK3

/Q=W^_+_+#]_Z2$W8WZV 
PARR7D







M





M^$1I1O)4$D:#[6)RT;KPGVM60.*$XD@SSI$


E&*CYA=''!(L
M?;+:Q.K N-@=B%Q&]MM$7 
BHM$
Y!CQ#VLE:H40 VWR#VP?SUSA\=!]75


M+$!53@B(:$(,:NMJ')P,586XA[D@&V^D6]\'CA
0/$6X&(@
C*JIB?/ Z


[^D

_D2-0/
MG 03^T365OV]@]&^M6V!*\]L;BO'*1-F@%6$D4:Y 2+*/Z#_%?'E-(Q$;J<
<<HP-
%#__^U]Z;+;.);F_WF
?H N[
M$]T1@C7:$*^VP
Z=_
M

1H*A=U

MQ;!XWG

M+R:N^-=I!K_--M7W]F=YQEC6AUEM?UOORJVJ&AS
5MO'@N3O.\2V=GU%H;3A
M %/#PS]558TEG
5](IQ!!RU;1G*4UV%U3G(S^0X!&$\6&E7
V#TAX%ZEXF






G






6YT+(\0!='4\R
U2R$7]R=7^

 YMW^KE6%SYXK
MO?:*FPI5P08+*Q0M!8#AP4K*X






M*4(&.ZL

MK?$PHB9[]P2) ^WJN9*;J9$S18:[$C)H$R*X8)Y@:X%WB %0M;BHA00$YQ5[
M

/L_;[]^;T]I[_E0!#2 $
M$ &$Y


MKK8L-UN_7M]\G

R

;5I#M4 3PYLK6Q/0
U2J@*/BE-05?#RT)B\/



M.A+D9B-FH?LQ8HVVN_FZ+93H\9F&:KGL
^; ]52G[ M=3XM*GBBSMVIL

IE1-;)^

MA3'U?/L[9%X

G-
LN7




KM]OBJ^\3D<
M6X$Z#2ZTI8@J (TPT-*P24O9F'\6@B@?67\7V;D9,1E@=::JAS1N]5VM]E7


P@G+C8+-%







E/-$




MX






0XY
E;UHI13::)I9O]L)M=K+Z10'WMDY

MA@W!

M**O6E-90[8VT
BIL8+IXV\D)DPS)#

KR+9SQA2]&HN78*(C@\J-(#


U!;W;W:40!='0\NXU(C


MQ'$I(UMH@T%)H.5Q6Q01K&Q8HHSDS#B7*4U^)IY&2VYMD0577N512'SM61

M)8/']*GBS$H

H45XFTLCZ&01%@A5S_
;Q55 RD4+9P$&&
M); *-R1DSD1]C1/WC1_97!H/G7

MKRB_4736LQ5X/X#.8R.


MI



DU0H028#WX\=6Q8.36XCCF\WR
M LF76

-R@#(?(-
\81P;#E9(1^OX)*'Y3_F-?KN;WW6V@8Z,+03BVB$A

 *Q
M:83F,E$5]P'63+06N]BYP]!*<=TU3G%4B@,V&#O#.;(*$H:S!QG4===$T=5
M9F.PC('HQ2668B0!E@9Y 


C%S4




G7-UCL]

G-9LB9(L.MAR-SN%UO

MY%ICM4?1S8@K8B.:76RK./ @4L_E\(TW% IY@P%354\@090-BPFIQ5$4I0I/

MZH_O5NJNRN0[GK;W@
#]J3S/1#

M


X-!78;6 1J8@%YQ5%G/.?$25A/
M'NX%C?3-=@^UW%B$C 3?.F_E;MWJ_GZKGR_WIZR\)\]5Q A+*#6(@RDX@9)
MB6M
XAU'K%F8ZOD99.
 8B



MX5@U4N,NM.G963AM+7,&.P0AY!KRA5'052K0

M(F-I2;:W.:/J



Y




K]CB KHX'N=D5N:C_



]TTS!N[2M
C/
H
M?$(6



:K.UE.!E
*5O]\$U
/!*4S6+_ZJ_K1M


M* 04HA :X!HH+
HK03

'
M-GWK=A/



52$
:Q8
);
M9FIQM2
T6W?$8/WU3Q^


MGBJR


M0F%+$4(P:


!;RT
P]A(0RD%$D+I&76ZAHA!$V6B3Y_!D@/_


[#!V47R_VNO/F]
M_ZK8ZXW5O:4!TB(MC4 .(\ATHP9-6-2*R'XI(DZ+^*F;XO_X6_7@E]FV_#__
MZ_\#4$L#!!0    ( )6+?4A

#$U
3(S
M

? !RH[9XQ/&NTHTQI4\KJ





]Y


M8SUC]PLY:

M!) 8$QEG
2*



MG1TWOMES4YTPQ/66G1I6U. :67@Z?BR4QY[3:4J/@Q^O:(\K
Z;B\W.Q;@(W
MG7$\?-K.-Y76.9T+'C4O5RDC20H8B07(&4UBH%1(&:ID!D6AJ/H=3M9DL9
M?V2
%*2YEE=M+:6)B#/)(
#A!M


J#BWF?YM[
:*:QO:

MA'W:8MJ:V
LS0WGLSYZI4K[=+
K;XM/\V]%DI\TQS[*4JQC!!&(H$LAT4(2R


N N^_8(RQKB3L_6]9+PQT6QF6]7)?VVJF99EL=,:5VG &6YIE+X]86
MT1&O5?W0R4+HVN$!BYX=-1K#8=^3
\.J87Z+N&ADR%*1&^1
:E\F O\J81
M-_3TX6E9T 
CQEIR





^
MHPAJ:T B0BG35A%(NR238VFU';:OK

ED/-MU9Q:]YF*O&K92NS/G*B^
UN8H9K38(PZ7

5-H4$L[?)GI&)*
M8IGE)$
)0 AD6+58(%?)C(,@R!PI-BMBP3!F+;3$#')]I.25N\WTVET(G@

M3K%VZ(M-)RD=@LA^VAF='

0
M6$P1@1F5.4
B!3'7?^T@9

F3!JH

VV@4Y@Q:E2O]6AZD7KD\




TY#1&_E#./HU2AN38_&SZEV)Y

O]!96R9V@:

KSU]T7DN_%MMY

M%[-D %GM1;7ZX



18]@A*#JB6;6#C5*F*0''7S)Q1=4L!<3XVI@/^BEAYY@%QGMUVWT
MKS31%P<0
0)0BEB(B47JP 1.4
)O R.Z3 RO@?MFT1N.4(EFR9!85A2/(
2;S$XO[5HKS%:<


U$.3YN=JCYC;)S5O1=I







B.2 Y4



7O'5$.-IWNW_]$B#LL^
8%-X/[Z[1\]



*0-O36


MNY^+1?EYL_K/8GG\I/TO/?5\IM($TAC1ENILI0QP+K;SZ$RB:UG*X7@5/)


M//J^[E%YH2UI,=]FGP:,]LXKOM*5_OS;SK_?-B6=\5V]U_T+JCFR91OFMP
M' Z=SC E.692 ) !QC@6



]SOZ






AW/NE

CS7Z

2
XP38B4$.


M-NQ.0_K\N&(:ZMKS8RI1I[(YXSBF-$TP)3%+58:S#

-=O






MZLN
PPZKTR7ZEV#

XP4) F!



MD=O@FX?.4&



Q.9P(3U4Y=1

&%$
MZ
_'*6=8HI3P/
LZ(XDPVP[E^-$#:63JJ)%6+!EK9BW#0R[:F15AQ9:V0H
MKOIIIEG-AJ9FFJDR63T4@G\

M#Q:3&

MWNX?OF[BOX
=1&F6(H0P%(K$*H889UWQDN9&%^B[?WI@T?ZTNBVB!I1US.M&

<R/:B9@+2V@]_Z:N3
MV
BH%I7Y9OFAV-Z4V]MZM\PSJR*&BB+*F920



!(X7N
MCLOV%


M2&=31PU.



MJ0!0$  @

M&1T7I

1IK*AD
M+
N5;EZ6(-K:Q




UJXT9];P'^I




M'L1N!A

M

MRT_%[NUF4=X6[\JJFDD!LR3E/

#59PTF6C5H






M*




IN
MNX)GS)?I&IQ7CAQ7T0X8AE[Z.IB]N'AE2\\TJ@4.N)\M(+EY;O8RV;.M2W6%



*U;@-XOA6E/^&





VGWY
#(

MCYXT/_6QGG8.7D8'-P\34W3BZ-!/

M($5






MP][$X

M6

LISAR::=(0]-G)D0MS073H
KS8Q2F<@X281($ 4\80++UB[D



M69K #M[^/I0^^XV%[GZ8:R/=O9TSD$E. 








1BV$50*8?4LDK7SU;P3$_#BPZ8

M)?-CP)OZGJ5BL]-?52O-7;
2Q1ZZP$PF4AS!1(.D,P8UV%9TMG5Z:-9/6W

W]$!Q+VD+Q*XG

MH2IA/-&)K4!4Y2V /(5&KZD&
#N6UFFX48WWC09\N%W*8H^99^HO2]_(K'O2

M_[*_?_0OT;$ACJA'NX;!GMA+I==PK32-V#ZD@T\+M*&Y-+[



R4Z@K%.$Z4U57$_4P%%M!3=/4E


+KWXK0N.K
MWX



MVD%MZEJ':+6E
VLA=+O5':ZYB;7B7^HOWVYTC'??7
SZ\J^\6\VO5VL]JI
9
M9@E
($J0(C!..:(T09U89BEQN;QP;

MB\:U^I&HF_EJ&WVMG[VI$[%'OWGBH]NMB6/3;7GWXMAPPVE]=X/CB8M7T=EU
MZU


MK!.-^B'G0A3[/S6BQ;Y&\G.Q*%9?Z]




DR[(T@S*G**% 2DE$W-E
M$N%%Z6P



;BA-.

X'U
MQZ6IT'Z8/S0[=#Z5AW=JVPT^1:4QOK_A[5
+VV(Y(T0 GO$4P#BK;R!.
.@V
MR#(*7-9?O-H?9AWF@_[^ESKG+&^TV)Z\3[(IFKU^32 [/VVDV_K6$FOL.W

M2;01T/XM
5'Y].#8:^+IBSO_B?\LYP+EBL5$9EE
*:S?1FP!*
JAAU*IB]FA




8I$9X08E +
M=*%O(HK3QX
SU3UW-OK%2Q^+Q?VV6-;OW
Z2#*E
$
82CIC.BD4FNO(AS975
M.[/]K06.ES[5CS6OR_DFNBZWV_)W';KZ(ZL^.P3'(6BTE=P=,#7O(
B%ZXE(E3]_C((C=Z9

48T33&0EL 
LD$;P\& A@+
M[A @N9H::



T$RC/)62


K(DS


MF9*-1+Z=MCGL$)OJMC OV\&
4%$@S3(
M-&0TC&OE !W:AY12+?#;[8/6\K_73RHUNW=53#&@

MA#%)8':P#1F
XX




MF6:%)


H86
M'!FX* 0.1$U%!5R@/Y

QKWF\




$5;_=L


IFA+$\ 0A(J
MH/^@C

JTMVI6BV;5YC*S7Y9M-S4
WW]

Q7'*8@33+-C!1E;74O@S6A@S39ZP2+ZNIH?3Y/8UF=\


04O]N/2N%



MTQF=((U^_=2DUC7BJ($\]'ZY5SF\M%7.7P-


MF)9XB(1
5)+(T&O;IZ/VB-B?)/IJ EN!'(%]=[F\1/R$!-.
4R/Y]-P\4Q-3

8X
U]K?LT0
MQI@ SE)$((6
4?T7H'
5^[)HM*K_PKDE95_D36!!V9LK98#.91<]_S_W


&\*X?IW!Y']E%6=

)02G.*J

I^@C'N0T#!D^U5.EY!D
M 





O4?C2S6*2QU6$?2]
T
MC;7/0 L7Q10!/,D)9QSH&((+(:TPXAU^6!;1=T^2;=HX2&X3N8AHX62MF1

+^G!/*]V$93@1'-<+; E7


M76Z[2@K]MJIF(DY3(./Z1E6))8E9KF!K2




6)Q*
M,:,VQ$$4X;,#AN


J1]+%BL_AR.]_^UD1T$BB<JU@HFB F
M&.0HM:LE!GHF?G9&1L^R.KP^<H!+=EU3@3#$=L[XC+F=*B4\!%7=GFA&\T3


M4X82) C(

].F\(S9

6)[&*4Y5)

&=0S9

MU


M'[X$ J0)R%
I.0)(Y:GH3*626AV&=#(0/'X\8HIJ4([KEB[4F4:
@5FSC10M


\<-2!9.:+P 5SS'(




MG
L

?6@0O*XL2%47:NRNUML=5&CE%:II(4BSA%


L1CC/XEBQ7
8Y


E9\?K?28WSUGSK_WQ9W\]62;I;O=U^*

NDTEG?^[?18
M^E*N-275WN!/Y:YX:;PIQ@G
8@!UD
48RRF
#(96!4;E/6=FCI8J]K-6'9JZ(M;






.+\BB
M_W:8AC0&\*L
W8

\$:A5L[ 6LA:OVJ03YF=SJB9LKD!9'SWAC3$#W_;I6!.[%M

M&JD-QJ1MO+8'%AV034?A+E-V
7CSPO4TU
R7

M Y5VNN:3;#.-&XEG.[V[3/%TU

MY?NM6%5W935?O[]Y5VX^OUM]+98O0^%0**JR!'

=@D (







)8]
'L-(:=




M%-234^=TT2=G?2Z7KY[#$.7M?+699?6KQ4(AFN(DS7(8*]8I;HPQZ7O!O+OE

MU+; E+D'=7M@.FG?

M_
=]L5D\-*%B#$B:


M4SP?'AFDEOW8ZE5XZQ9!VA 20)S3A&02$Z!B!9*


MCU4V.@'_.(-J\0^;[_3C^D(R


O8*\=HRXXU

5 8SJ(
]&6-L]S;3LX_G5.4*
M

$VV678-)FJ)
M&F?CRG-&+H0

+J+8[KI_?1TZT.'3XW&U_8P_%'/LP?

JD02
M;G7I:481+ D)U2C!41#8T3CY!HWUADQU7\/K&2?5K=%MNC]4IG;LO5[B$J

M/H[P?$B0IKH@_A/H'].81*9 Q$MOEDRA;?H]

+

M




MC!B]XC5F:XTR-?Z\JGY3VZ)XN]$S0E'M&MPI(Q0F.=!3.&(48)TV=&JJOXA'
MFQA?1


4D%)O5.6IA2(X#=^




4%;RVR*4*PCA-/Y%RP4C./ZT-
MC-D&QD\&]X/VKKLW2
G2F#]#.[=.*G8O=VLRAOBW=E5<T QB*&0J193&C.4T*R[& #)1G+
M[&YVL?MLFW'B=%&+AA.M&CS#1F^/:+@0@KG1-8TXRA%[Z:/#](AH1+$I;^O;
M.4[&&028(I!1S @ C

;81=TLQ1U6EXL9YRD34$QH0+




+T1T207]WZ1D3

H3J#*0




M 9UML13E[7RUF2D&6 +B!-7GOR3)4U+?@[P')U)NM8-]($C!YY57Y.?JD?@T


M4UG83Y-



M)UP??\091EA*R6)


EG?\885







M=XWB%3W1G(M#S
34Y


MF'D/YMJ?SG\JU
^=(PM%PD%









[7Z






M9.7NL

M($S2-




A:O7:I?WMM6$4ZHG=:-R9R=N9J)V !7]
=DWA
M&DU7%





MKMQV$Z SU


MAG*I$1-&I-$L%%QAT8#*720/A'I-1.[P=1JZ?WUSFX)/..F)N!NKNRI'+?


MV6LSB+IC6UQ--T;

M-%]4]4-1?UC6IU8RSL



8R&.8))$D*X^-XPB31FIP.;\7W=OP)D&E4M.9--SR.09EIG#Q@
MLY 318Q+]!S-70.I70N,72P'3\%4S?,:$75;L=%BMONQ]FUSX[Y0^/FZI]
M9)!\J8OS )]0E+*$)G$

C0H-E%&_T
M:RQ_S8%Y


ZM?P\



MY+31U#Q9AL;9^M)%






)





[T+R;[ N!9



C[N 
N-D
Q)

3CS;6(W9^TV7@)I=72KU;\_:



M70#^A3KQ*-3:-'O09Q\
CR++KB4Y6K&8MQQZTJ#35WU!J77V,0ABFO'IS^A
ME?VT6,0@02%)





MF&B4XICG
@^
HCAE-!(L1QF1V2 







$=QQ


ME(OWQ9?EAF]W?6:5Q7G



1KDN'PY&^+G%%X:W%2G3CVT[V-7 SF!0J?4S^5P]KBK0ERX!

GG0+L!J^%W/8[O%8E5TY25ZX/:-R%FX_HS5HD

MW!5-UTH2IGF*$A%E.)?_R@'DT;&5+
H
=

VBD%HM
UEWXKOTT;+P_F60U%'

M!_G+LP+NW628AQ@+G $DPAPF/)$@CHEAPE



*17 )XE
MH\


O4QZ)1[/
M9$FAEV3Z
D%7LFL'K
11SGB
6]ZT12/1/W0UHP[
VG9 %




%
*@@QCT& W4Q@&I&IH]+I]FTGV=2AL%
M=\I@9/RZV=G@_E6$_67V7BDKJ[HW &(N_0F
I+-[-
Q7=?BS[&++?KZW=I
M(QP2!K
0\#AF7
X/4-)#R6&$M182O (8-8F7P

YLXDYPT@TRCD6D7/0:0JA<=KME_*00XX6P&.N_&CLIU

0?C SYNQ:8//G@)D$.8\&/@]XOKG4GZ\V94/AW/W3V!\7GZG
MQ;:X+W?]3W08
AKE

8HDY
AXXZJ86$4<Y:NQY!Q#*+$QV6]@GSB8H6_$3'_HSG+IYW%D8@/]Y9.!

)$.B\][EHXVB)X@65W\MB%-3T(\\V4F









Y7XF1%
[#-F;GWJ8
M&G!%/ZRXT-ZRJK;K:OMN*\?BW7+[Y^W]?2&3'=7L^W?T]F-? UR0E+$P3T0$
M*

DE


M'HOZ$#JO_W^*3_]IVT@,2/4,&QXXW)(D&AIE*B%M8HM%G*OS?Z7(B])HWF
MPGYNM8Z
6[$T


MN]\UN^5V+45R07

+JTIO+3



M2R[H^W!V3








M@V8AYZ?B=0I50*Z3-T+INA
Y5Q+VP7S.(SD?;L;5TG76O-BI3W\)0]U0YO?W

80HXPBD+ P^.&+DMA:G8PUR\6



NBJ;SG@;L%MW



+9/AQQ
MFH4['1U=ZOW[]!33N34WA_4[M;/;6W03M#;=!
JJR1.G 1XQ/@CEW?7SB ]3
M&:]UF&HD'Q@=MWH=X7LY]6Y?__A0U.^VZ_);N=XO-XN
I2 #:213RP1P B@)
M^^02J]UPXZ-7WI!




M-A;;=;

@T\/2:TBK7M0XZX<O<#*

M&04\$C$$+$*41YCU!WA)S@$R&BK#F_


ME]?FE*YHG=%

M1SSO 8$0:MU&& '&9#N
U_*E%+EB6 2P2*B,\1PDD:I=(5@B)XI9'FJ'4N<M

%C51MJLGL?: 3



&0


 !&++!4Y#2'@D*


X!G

HR$X'W F 6NM[.ZBQUW8];



QS(40B
[\+)HJRAL<
M33F\!6(V=?7D)[T9[/0N
LM.3LS?O.R=]GF!)]Z8?%YKQ?&5Z:U?G\UCENO9
MQFK




M(XH!
SJ=Y1/'B/FWVCOZJR\*F%?[NYT2SMXDVV


:5I D
N4AH=5X0(L[I
X;+]$57\



LAS5@*.8(@




0X%O2HBHA%1N?;;=N80I_*%II#;=+ETU*7/% Y7)-N@@.LB07I
M 
)$C S9G*D0F5KQF@A9L6(M0+?[7;-;;M?E]LL(1!#/(P3C#F.
T@8$?-

5*BM37E
K





A#'!&4R4^.QB !

1[%
MJ_/0\7%

+*)ZC@QRIL3
==T+]84?FW6W6OZRCL#@H






(&(H1P23L


&%AU9U-?ST&&!?



MJ%

UR4C[K/AR4:CSU^+AKJ@7
M+
S3




MS4TGK.D*5?6Y,Y/J.Q-N2)1 _G1%J?S=49[K5+@:?EO_?EMGBW*QZ:18BP
M@(+#&(09B2

-6Q!SFG7I(-DO6UBROL\E-&Q348;)W:,N5% ]G59?RG6
MGRM6-3OY^]T!S464<,03AC+*0RX5.*(YD%@(YBC*!3*:S/M!X#D3[6 %NRI0
MP X#M\-FNKIR0
N1'(





(IYE
M*68DRI
D9 @Q:E01S[X5SQ/Y'MCAE:3@ 
UL$C^ 0;V9^CCDF26#+_(VT:'.

Y#F!S84;GN;88Y0='LRNV7]GHB%@+*.3;/1)9%*4MS047?0AP!

M:[KG++RN X9LS4H)3+&_K 56#&@7QE)/7-)E4ZQ9]: V/ \S(G4([W
M)T!?
MB]MMT5\IX7$

<DJ;^RY4]3/?U4=@DP0#(2Q2D/(T19% K4(Y B;_14
MH\MV)U;4]FVVS7
=#6ZEO@8H_J7]X^!S43^XEE8#S[B25C].\2.M$NMLI?7(







.0Y QP)(\I.V*-N=FC&I,@]!S9?M^6N^!;M_A5M^"
MQR,ZBR VO@L-(MBLO3=Z^&K_=5SY/-AV$WQXW?O^0I=K![T6MR;K$#,*6M-Q
M\%+$FM@CWJ=CYU@/A[_!@A&1D@B'+ ,I3PE!.$J/$'.!1IFV0 ;
S@]3G!2
MWB69/E+H(3Z;D0*-;KJK5'DX_][38_[]L:S;'SX 7. 

MXV








?QYC

\D911GC9Z9M*[NS0IZNX*/LW?U&!G(




\^:G$QYO.U%U
MW*]GF]5.U[_?9@KLNI_/
7






A%VPO\5M1[7

P=*8Y3 U$7RS
M+WL6[@Z

GK_YH

M1D(T$Q
G'.M)S-CTF@E/C^XF:/&U!/

P?MK!'N1) W6K@B52\[G(5].






3/I




PTR)#3V:J0J1VOZY 5
Y9*U-U'PU&$


M



M+
8/A4

Z$RT9[ 9U[
:6UZT'E2A^T9^OFE8]7!7;MO[
MU*QJ-\%DR_)73;ENZWT]J3+==/7 [JOZ_(=/%:D7



M@AD\

MQ-0
5/






M;N%[*




ML'&. $RR%



:0]+
A

MM

MAPJY

21YG@J4]DEPJIHE0
M^6C?LX*QER\-!
O5JMXO-\'R0443

GJ&




MW$V@0 8MRO'Y-3CC



(SGW85CEO1


4K#N
M



MYN=#A$RMVTKQQ4B]*!4*FF+$




HC-%[8 %C3+FU7-54_I4+RN9
MGSO-4IDGGCP9$/ GGF1//=E;H7;5@D\'3Y()3L@Y(?^:W(_JW)E$@W%M?AXL

J&B]\/@E3


%P

%.J]4.VO=
M\(9KJH5[WI2DVMAGIZC63 XH]60.W6J=[5;Q&&*0)+ED!(:TSR% A(&480



$92L.W4KSPKR=UDU-O)H'GK!_E\!SQ37#WX_PW

MBH(F&
G/F@S.XDXNO(:L:::MK_\Q#<KU9
M=R&Y]

M.1. 
R/2^:_*O$(?&N;[<?U8V16D*3/R!'2]W_)UTVY0'H@L84DRB




MDB\





MSE(1



M^H46$
[C*$D$2.,HY!@D6$J.!5,$!CZ+IMV!'4LZV]WZMZ2/KT=?_
F6T^



 0PS7$.41K&22QR
M!&

M!5\4-$LY&T*GH9Z-Q*2UH!WY; '.1=$NLZ8C:0XXGYFFN;#HDJ@Y8\M8U61C
(B5JH3QMC!\:-F,(D-)<LV.M?;\=H46O_HB6]81$A.F9J88
M1M O28.Y_<8:H-:VV[7PH^A@01*60@) +4FSE&8TKZ[)X1JW3[1:;)8@@1
M88)A@G$

MA
(LAU$L:!9G1A

:(HQI01X%FCK(M%NV)4
M3Z F(--





MT=/DJ:?/'T]6=MT$!\LFWST?YABSC?:1.L$\YF83VO_Z]OVHGA@0ELZ:_UAL
M)( UJYI=(P&D+(Q)!& 


M@FU(TY6LJ2E6__A2??M?TDB5
$7J%TI9HK






MXW:PJX%=P7Q$?RCJLEKS[5IMPBX@P4G&$$8LS$08H2P
T[X=(4AN.K3-OC[6

(/@F&O$E:FBF'Z_;$TXX K4
M%IFY:AA3IZ\;/EFS5 Y]PAQJQS

/8


M]LD
_S*_+#W#MU(E1G$L\$SHV8#P[/.&N<I3=/3%1'QB4
MF+(Y+3%U2



8[

M*;
1?RXW
R
AA$LNJ]'TYFHJ^FO#ELB&R]Q*J APR9ZV
MM!W$6GOZ:]OV[;@A H(-8*,. UA6L!:1X@!U*4XJ8]Z71[2T::]T3W26U:3
M.R.FM$YFJNM):)C&]G+-Y'6VGW7=M38BUWU5CUNMM5]N6YJ/-=/CWY9/ASF

I2+[5C&%

MW!MTJ68'+5N?8O

MW/U'\EQ*8;@Z3&)RE/
4;R&_1 &!0H8(P7-NB8%8Y$:#'-MZP9X3
IS^+5=N

=MT1\X
M?L'@*V%N.*]

?.X+[,]7I(\!\FX0%Z_2^42[G9;II;@PNQ:JX/

M*&.I2'WEY^_SN]U#MV4#-%LV 'L_8)S.3=WF'%/U4.+0N[
E.QBSNP3M9HRK


'O0_-'7?0
M4U



M-OT6^;[8]+Q!TWL1:RC7!2]I3=!K


U6M&2DE0'841(\6
M/M_3;E%!8784ED0FG/!A$02 (
D+7*5NK;*B\I(RU.-71[OCC;3QY^WAU(L









M@&J'&4@#)';# TDAD

MYWSU.%]_R\!55@M



MC$9].L./$8]Z







E='[

M: 74$

M]=]'I/XAP_/X


P6QA@$)6R.$A
-&W;C0A]E^'CWT

-I.M@/$HD3D1
[&*?TX6#Q^)7SM9?-


LQ$O
MF_3/94K*!TC]O_=WAND-WPG6CHT*R-M[_EY[2WEOZWZQWTZPO0K[\=?^45
MZ


* KA/!


M[8WN'$MKT[_C;C1@:C9B=QH_
*GQC^Q/E9AVV/
M@(,)$^/0YVSQ*!_'[G<Y4MQ_0-OQ!VT8?W[UF[:1'O;A';6ILK0:[ML4\4Z


M-

:''9TW?C/
/:
%L+H8IB
M6BDIL4&&%T!SH%&[8U3DMLA'.8X1WXS$V6/

YTIPI80^S0Z(SZ1I&H@3SX_^MIK?5^MM#2N[<5@WV7S;]_+9-(CK

=SG
MEHWTK+DGRL1A4GS^OX_UZLYRQ97]K6Y'./F&M7)[&/3&*U7R'J'TM']/LP






M!IZ0G.7GTK2D/ZG3D)P8ACR?HL3BIG
:4J[*]?S.-2@6]\O5LBXDLUU^+=M6

M/O*BPL*$\[;-#2E!_XJ5@\*U(UWJYOJOGSO9G\S2E3JBARX5(L2@34RAY6



3

MG25U6?_EZM')TEZ?JM5&EK?5NMS]WJ?YG^7&_.DF38[&Y6J^_O9N6][7URIN


M2+@P%

5E?AK:%MFF




M&U;8X_OF0A08L2-
(V2

MYR +6&VG'RFJ.6G!$Y)UNSPP,:=@\W $F





M(Z@YI




MPN$%=4O@B&EH7@K#NMU=ZL]=0#9VTNB'=?DP7[:9XV;&A0:00\Z!0!P#36A=





M%GWU]5 !\@3+3


M=;M;N7
C_=B@G2_7]0FM4B\W-W?5YG%=SC2F0!--+&YM9A))40# + -4::
MS]Q4=5DM/F[GZVTW+8O8N




MW0YFS_H&:2AZ1:NFX) )5%(8FX%J.L

M0$5G0_
ME3*K1?2)U%M-^T^D6I3]IU'E:O$O,X?JZH=I9HI# N?0_EQUWT5]WK[;K79






)S=6!M;_.MX_KRT<ADTC.*^Q<D)L^7$Y#:GI94


ME6+NE]MFOBU6BR=%&H_+1Y_*/[?26?R/F4%4XZ82%BH4R(WRB)&(.*2:UTP
MSVHQ/DT+3+1@!0X)P1C)=T44B-AN56% 

TMI&[%5 ?AO)N
C4BW



X(;A%6A1

WB^Q!8#?5&X8[/XEK:=N!RAI4AZ6U
M8:7L+#T7=*L_I=
0J0AV5+$[F\=1QWUC?UM=+^_NZD;WSX^U31HWS\8YR!G#

*F!T8ABS57J.6V+RZG0



%IM %B<E,J$VOXNO1CQ%)6_SM?_*+=M%=&V20%S

BY


,8%XU++ D1A8




C





Y.


#Z:0'AZ+6GD^3UL^D9%_K=U+JW?N3\V-U39X&

;$$ZBG\=N%_VR^6T!IQW



VY*T[H83O)+^@;M%M
(
J.S\'::.()71@IN
Z.H

M52U/+W15JUWIV

9U(
V0FB8)50+B0@W+O^7 $K-).7

M _D :;3LY@PU%\9U7S*G
3Y[6U'%[6(!]0[J1][7Y9=RM5E^+7?MOZ\V&S=*
M?[W]-/_SP^Z%/['=KI?7C]MZC'^J/LQWUV
1TI@2S8T$TC B 24[5!Q9[5=B
M*C66Q%/1W5W_FU/\^\+N5TT4=\$\O
0*]K1__4XW^

1C+'F^^


M:]3MRRYDHSV$=H&J\(4@^!I%

M#VMZVA&)U04!G

M\A;1%;ZR-XX7PN7PL@

* 8'X''%N3(;O$5Y?$\$B[
;SMC

 &E'6SV2[OZT/3V0Y\=HH^V\
/



N[

?4D'/90V$V+8E^T9T8Q


EJ7+A%;PM;3[9BJ)D;

3-?+?3R[G%;



4&FE



%G0@D;!KR$ K^^2/F?3CP$X/]WOMQ3\BE

DT
[
MHTK'

$VO*HG_1CQ*KF]6M3_

M

1I




:5U-=#^3__EF/TU]V%43''H]O MU
M%Y?'HW(_C;$6VZ@7B^<)./,J'OQD8CW+#24V-TX%-/NTQ6Q[3J=M0Q:[WK


M_$$R]: -[BVO'/T)$2%)^FC[6R_0DFW/-V;P&EH2B\+SF?J@6QT59VE/(
M



3)*@XF#







3J6!#SLM2/VY\KV]^F'^K


]#7BS)W*7IQXR
OZL5R\E+69833/

^RK

M








^%YIM*?C[A[R*X?M;
Y5B @# #8


Q)VW6)9.MMAQC


[]%.XBSG&WW[OHIMNRG5;4M,P#.%Y^.3VLW\1F*43\).D'5
ML/D$U\!/V)\GZ((<Q:!U&J(4Q9+GC]1'8Z?S@9KS59V(8 ;K7 M06X()0RU

?HOJ%Y<!+:G(5$Q#'E^-<6-SX95+5JFFVV!W]]W&ZV+O0Y89SE
M2AK%1) TL))XRD/6






N;;S-V

MUW

VEWL6_^5(N'NM['K=9B_8P[AJHPPZ]MQF[
/@BTCV-X1?3

M=UD
PTP7 FO5:;4@4E.IAUX#
-LCS'80LQ9CM\0A%JF7TX81^/1+&BY3F?V^



V95UZ
MZ

?\X;?YMMRW3+@B%EECH,*0HMA&Y;%@8CG\EUC/82






 4O 1*H.PC@9VY9# %!SUE, .7/E)H.PF@;Y43$@O:&_

M)K9 D!M84$8P:L%8-VOU%LOX$(:258?\*MN=M]V!;YXGJBNDG.+/=@9DC04!
M8I/ 11Z2/:YW L4]P#%]PD$#P4$CG$]U3/$)/&87U#RYN^M\)7.(1,*= F-
M?TDIN;4*WA^^J/R!&

MY!$\Q_5.8/ 


$Y\+SEFAH
XGU


A27N:32K.K%]Q





M\E&?


M=6O^O'&RKN:;+_:N^F
H;+ _KL#]K\%^=+(G57MO9D-5&9'9J

+N2EM/1]]DS
\2#^NT?%M4?J_?E

[5
MR:;4:^'[*MOL+:HK+4#R_PP8&?IY?(!8/YBS1\L#KK+6QJPU

MPX!)Q&#=8O0$([Q[#).!7/)$JNPDBO=_@
PE#@\QLYJ(GADWX_GT1S4#5%!M


G/%X\#)+P^'LF*.%ISCN(YAY_=2ON'*)R

M)V0V(

ME]MO[Y?E:I8S6D@7ZZW-

4Y(BRY'//1@0U)




MD




.H





#$U
3(S

MDB;Z/K\B;\YS9F)?^G3-'*QU=5J9$5=25L\\^:%(CY!W
NC17*14_?H+

(9





M*;HHMA4
5^,/A?38EGDB]#

MZ-JKBMWU\-/H\S0%NY?UVNO??Z^*11'I?[A+;XIVT(O?1O-Y&(U?\]J:/%BU
M@U[&43593?.KF^M1^.&SWS3O=NVV.IC+AEW5&BK1WJU*&;Y8G$5%HO1?[M

1_I2O)ZPW1_K;;Z9LJ[NV(9#2\UFYARM@P66K#4P@K5


8G;%SV:1L ^?LGS



\MDBS/'O

M4OX^^YHOEE$#7\.
%X;C[[
B&


MDKHKY\OBGVOLW)]QN-1V5G7TN5[1J JU*?*.-GN5Z]ULDM\48:[.0S&__LOK


MM[/BIAB/9LOG%*C\2
]*-A

^O[/YYWC6^KZ8A672!+(6RT
]JU&UAUXVG742




2]U&'



MF@+P4LIUM'\Y?P2U






MO[VRFL^?Q5]NWT9NKY


L0AW' &
H H]@X9;C0%CJ+
M&;'2N



DRBB!-D-:'$Q1T@-QP'
M_%2PS*5)HPS]JUF#5#[8\[UO+S)UQ/A:.KS!O/,CHH9[:8YQQ#($V8.YD&
MP:#BW'(A!2- I[&'_578TPZL/?#G:ODEG[\]]CC
G_T5LRE0K
IIP$_#07
M1'E= #4$ M2=]'\XOG3*JS]S3^-J+-;/VHU
0PX;BE#@?T'&=A
X@-0@#)

MF5Q=G:=L8O*W@U\GJ*)^(QGU7 +$PYA0EE*H!)
&
LHQT8 ;GVAW#L@]UBH3

YGW5
JDEBG$P6EA(P[(K@6#




[!

M:N-T
&#K0
U
6#&1;
)2LE%-Y+BBM1'3AHH)\O;YJJNNP2UQXHM&6V/;!.




WD11,)C ;&4G#*.35@=#=T  IXG%/8=FAQ
M; 11



:3 1<V%@(.F))X#SP$'.P&9/Z5
W60
\7CKE\I
*
M]VF.P'?%JZ2=\1QJ+7

$.XV^UK


MD[-7C0R+NK =HL+
*R;C#6B@L

^.=:W.DZSO'[(Q^7MK/AG


S2;Y33$KEOG[XFO\YW(T
MNRTV=7L:6P=ZD7$(
=

PSL\/I7FCK(GT# R(H1UJD
ME6;:N21
DA1C 2_N3[:=/W]#HM;;ZS64.A+T@P\$ DHYYCPUDL@(&
YF8
M@NH\O-
)]#@BC4



N=4^KRY^C\98WTTH/1J[Z-YI

N
MAPX
M1C5 7/

MDYSX&(7NY482D+TL6U_+Z==B=ONRNS66KSWU

M
4&[R?UJ;P?EW!_[K&7I3('HX\;
M2F


QJXWC"H*#=1.LF1W CD

?

57M;H22[

M$@G1$H@]


M.G1:(LWM9EA0:BXGWW;[E&@;W&.GA^67O&+F:#9I&@5[3'
9H4 9) %TC!D7
MD
2\$M0B0A

ASY541'--$4'
&$8W

0R^U[S%D#[_R;I03+&S]N1:0:Z\#B)5+P%HC



M\:9L9H3D!


^NX,YO%
ME.C$_<P [9*6J7$TE#UP(XKZ;K98SE<UHHS?%LXH54CQ((=&D&!$/4$;LB//
M4E]4&.\T9M-<C3*O=.F5J+I754RSL/\*)7RDBD()3/&T8W-#TEBS.  &72
M8O=R)!G
I .D!@& 6T/-N/106
8-4L9+HPFT3W88N*!'6(Y74MDNECU
#%OF
MQ@.+RHX:F0@;_H 

MS2SUB$@VA


;0$CR2?0 LYJWOU*UCNZ1

M'J0\




!&$\]
MQQL'' +)82

'_?C0\=DX7_?RMWR_I;:U1N8LI2Q :!R$
MVFM+L=E$.4AH4L.F&[O'SWBE; /88W:


0!*4T4PF%[

#TLW)W.[U1+X:B/P/LIW\Z&PCU.0.^(($%@[IH!CE3^)

&PX= I






M=S&L:3N9]49*2#W783PA;( B

M'LYBBM%TDW%\H3XOUH]@[#'_6FD_XT)1(@B6DEH*$!8


45PJ

 *!948@2$Q

M'?JG)6##K5W#EC+/)65A.%J


Q43(1IGF$A%' 12.2E
ZFO9Y\6O
MXW1?=@5V#WSZK9R-XQG4

MH) [F_C8R@!W?'VQJ36L3[/GVYR4-MON/1VP8L)%L#.0100%6U1(%$0U GA@
M$/2IT]
 CYE/Z4)(A;O'


M5;TV




M_&YU%TS;AXCOAY+-UM)VOIEYK2P@Q $+$85
BZ!
'/0**&78IVZ*S^U^?XL+



K]

8V1Y4Z=WL)OX1?_3[;+2:!%$G_\K+<2O@E42


9*0BRT]XHZ#JTAET.LH_7=^/YP
VA/


=@?TSD]A:1W6@^


$D?@5%ABNW)?NICANF9
M24=XRA.U
YAM9!VV-FPI\YRI*#] & -&K7':55 ( A
/= ;HP#@M3;M52^?K

RT\!Q2
MCPFTP  KPDX55^)Z2R_GM*0C%I1=PMW#$O7[;)Z/H]8FOX=]XVRRGL-&TZK_

6*.H!X Q






14@!DYCP81S3@


 7'J^V5_!#JO@)!SID-
MK2![4B?:^QKWH6K4SJ2!1* P[?(P\TJ'(=#5F8SR 8(T
M5/M7WVMDS[( \J








S
ZA3 SRB()! :(N H.1=#EI8=%!F3%3 H/H:OYNTQ
M<M-:!I0WRLE@63#@)?&& EA!XB3I*_':7X^3J2H8$BM]N9JW1LI-8YF (-B[
MFF% K-'2V& )5X 8P!+?NAZ@_VE@G$S5P* H67QM;Y[<-)8YR[&6@B$@(F!



MU(I7OIR_/H^


M*@PT5-PI)1!$R %W


 W1CHRB6&OP^0&:GJW
J*XU#L
M@1QFM/@2_2[A#_??J^+K:+KVQS-:#[_7LQN_S&:[O6.UZJ?J3FK.0J8
DD

L*=@P1M!HT6E^-.
M:9
U;4#9VP;YX
XX R+FZZ$QDX9T%@7!K=_8Y@0G+DG-.=#3EKBED\*&L/61

A*K*S7V FCA5/(&E$)[Z!.

:T&'?0$;C]
JM^6
+N2AD7#L=4!1XBC+AQ#C]-E0R01%ME@
?+[:M\


M7SX*TGZX
E\%1;Q!8#]=MM?)G&  2 L XPX*@)&$&_& ((F


K'@4*EMX%O=7;/DV.AG
O
M/W8\4+:Y?;@TY5U
&;K&WH^*^3K2ZND^XFXZ)+63220)9=0ZCRFG$#@N;26:

W$L-
$:A@VFG-5C[\M@ULFAVU




M.BVRIS5D3[5Y;[IISPS35' 7=@E&2

]DUYLCFV3K^D/V\73IB7= JA]I'PX

88))H2@A9./+

M#!CMC*180<VX#Q,XH]7\#6V8T_&<=B&FK=
0.W@VD=4UV3S&OJH


\MNX




($9[&JXB/PH:AD1BTTWQG


MZ+ 3QX!@&_95PBJM


D8 XZVG



MEP#W]:)('X&6QY#@M4^]0XS[/=
AU[4R

[H\U
@@MIQ (D0P

@#%)\-%D(3&DTI(V 8GP1)?K!E@

MW6.F# B
)N=U)(

M9LA(I2TS # DM!44;

L6XHH!R7HG#M?HK
MG


W;%7Z0

MO'8YP*/8=GER/)0GN$9WD#;*V3$8X@\U$HHPYB.MS@V[/W-#&YQ #/8-OE



M_U2^+^Z*Y=-KC6OOQ&CV_?U[\[#&FM'BR_-:B^BXW





HKRYM/HSZ?T$^IVGJ_/
MD';-






M^VGY;?&R/[WGF=KTHUEZJ3?5
.;5P&.2CQ[:8A<Z2A.FLEDVJ&XMDEDV)<*


'DTDU W/0R:0(


MLJ-&QH#U#!.I)*
4&
V 495H J3F9Q@B2]HQ0=K!\404B7^=Y_E!8^1@W4PI


O2V4$.R
)

(%OK[



[M 7[??E[#: ?&?SS\M/X:



0\WC4R)&

M$BH/M8%ARK9








[G3Z/*R?)^4

MSNPZ]7SJKWWDT#;LIYO;
M-NA4QF;3E71G*QG61$%L)

:0!/PI=)NIG?!4E_V_6N?8G2G@$&=U;=R1I]!
M+JWP()BQDBF+*$5NX[#2TJ5F:&M^^E$N1]-+86!G^)^.@-$H7;05++*GL4PS
M+;F!,;H

MU/;XFWUI[9LTDP63@QAL$*$ Q^AV*



M^[[
*8G8EA8&M1:WL@9GW%C&O0;280R4HO'B= 6 5R;QD.]\;


M^63A U#5FV#Q#^RK!.?KUOU3U4-W/2

5QP%'&VXT$








M


M&\X3O0JR+?]O?LBBJ]M$)H'EP6*57'L $ %0*/QDLJ:ZN 88I7


M:3&)9WD;.V6Q#HH

@R\U@8RBISQ

:J*8L(0@IQR)
==;*PY'#H

RPU0)MQ M+WN7
(4=J]S576@*TER.)\3A?+
KYP0?'7I7
_'KH6
(9



Z#/7^?9!P:TL<P(2*'4
M7C#E=:52I!CI_$KA.=)YF+HYS;!X=D[^(9_& []#=Q#K-Y))@H6 B/E$
/!
M'.4
5@ $W5W.FR3=DK



M+^B]G/Z^D:628^])\


M[8$S;C2?!3
<R81L.IATZL]
M-PSR1.Y
]_YL7ME] S]35L$6[SWU8QE.[J9MWYJ]5RL1S-PM[@
MMCZMTAK
 +;(:FV0$=@SA!QAT5@P.HPX3D#JLSR-7=ZAUY_+\^%;+VAW?FW*


M5%&M5?@'D6%+(-#:H]#YHUN]+26]:;GL#/T3C7:;+T?%]%^#_@4=5-B)!.5K
M 02F%@GMD.6(\/@FN-%.-QSTS^%:Y..?;\NOOTSR(B)%XE\B0.090.%'F9LM
MU[=[=]VI?%




(V\P@(P12BR4EEI&R?J!*B%A8C*/\V%
4^WN/QI/ O5L
@%X

BV/'R



=HAV3HEJJ!_3


M?O*:?7CEZC(UA03D+D9.$B3


MC*
4#:-


QY/J58/T'N;O#M_<=
MZ/COV_3%;K$K-]6_E?H

M3AY

HRT0F):RFC
MT4C1 M=1^ZB5%4$IXEFR(TT+





M+84P 



H115ON;MZ%@-^M
6N12 \V0.
MCS]

-U!1)
;C
R
Q<<GQM5;1_(8@&X?EKO]=G6U7UX?/O8?


M
L)--&B



M&; 3]






F9VB;W$P&;/.C&RY*9L*AX/\Z[0&NW#


G5/ZLL?K^G+


MQ



L4Q#=E2W-LK&'U;76]



7=





1
MC$&(W*


PQ.((6;'(HK.3

'
]1J=/*)

M1825+FKIT#D&020T+%$B .&42VOG0Z \\1U/%6D&7FZJB*AJR)6ES5??EN=E


I+]K..6HYTI
M%H9*2D6@#
K-%(E)
0D)CADI8Q)*9CK:K)
KLXW=T-)ZV_9JO&MB@J/*6!M%



3@S;S8T%26F^XAO)QJFT12*32 (Z&LC$S B6JRC%1D
F.*@?+1
M[4L7 KC :IO:^+(5NP1 X5FTCMT-+PBE9E18IJ5T&U3;; +HI*MM
DJY+V
)
M/&J
PD29_G W%  IYE


M

D@5R!*F



MR?

M)$FOU58+D*UP)* .*/-
?%W<G.GXSC?4OL F;XA.&GY6I_
MFT9<*6N/,_P+;RNBU%P+J@UWJ#TU3$,]*W(F06CSH^#_^Q*
+I(+T!+QETF

MQ*;\T;W1+

N9]0@&
2A 
*41MF@K%&5N!K#)GY6?)M.=&S&O4DX O0


[=NYF36)JA^H\G_$E2P&M_H
M6MCH0PK4G-D@ @$=%6#4M#YN(JUCF8HXQ1
6/Y$B]DF!2]#%%X*J8VECPT\I
MT'(F=$SK[R C.%# JA1_Z5SN*?TIIK7_1/K8+PFFH)&S61U* X(! P3JD44N





_3 DAS9!#6

-D@JC2
^)'Y8

M@I?.4?XP/Q'
S.V:T^G529VE:R6]*2O'X9?R_&U=
X7VH0\OO*8(1H 4E$KJ


[I -IGFB:UPS*(:V3OUGL






M.\5


M#
L!)H+



/[@(.+JTIT[M:6^WVV]L#YK_M_UQN/_ZY6#\]V/AWV[.
M61]2(4LV( T


M^(*4*M.5G&&;[+FH8%L*7+06_O/^\-&(*OCC)Q0!C0U$*D!NC77.IM5*!;Y7
M/O:]?:F?P/K7ROY#UK%Z^6A[!^&XDO$MVDTKP6R!WAUP14X+@-71+J$'8*
72^1]Y<M,+_&$J?ILXW_,:!U+V
M]D9'(N/$!RN@9A\%_M;![.=1^WZI




MKDH@4 [$4B^#0RT!


;!


MFURRY.T1'I6%]'MMA945J-% IJ
SP1DMDTM#E.EM)H




$[/9X$T)&G'




-]C7W=-



*C
M]4!26^!92;(3/HT5!4ZZWN:3-)3:[NJ?'662G2$*!L[IHFY8?/-SJW)?T$

*+J7L*CB(C!B@G@6A4ULC:




F!61&8@UEJ@I9C-A)(GON-U
M3YN!-V#=4V$-6&



_E?M/I-KQXJ2N4I4@2NTDSMJ26D
MFJ*#$=K






IIO6_J?VHU+EHS9_/JM[HLK$;
NZ=UM8)RA2M_3-'W_J*
M_5PZWQMSWNJA#EPQ
WC/(?E;46H?'#4N&/TP&T/O^2'3-^3MX^J7(MTIV]H1


FEX:H\-!
!A=;X8&&P!5X L& BCP0



Q
M.
)HV?I!


M2DPT3+-HS356H%KR#PL)=\X/5TA]IYG\K?EYO-V\?7/U=6[]:?-]LOA06/D
ME_R^_%Q^F'Y=;

75LV
MSS&6L!!TB-'8P*VLAZ-!JOGL]77.C+9@#NFN/QE%C?GNBQ/[RF 8?+_-/6

M;/HB21%1I.]4DFE?&TC-


^O




M-%D
L
P]
IH7QO%KFE ^_K6\^;;\^V:]__-8B*;=@PMD$($Y';@(*BCO(JI[

ZIA@+/Q2


-.*6U44_77 R*&:T(D0&

;BW=*1*HG73//OW6#-!)GWXS1J'S0LKTZ=I+[LL#



M[Q4N-
1P0 +8JW_?KI((PNVV[H)W3ASBA=L*SP1*!Y$1*PCU/GA7+RV=$IGS



SCPXO6%8-)I
%:I$''(-,



AZLH!XP6 Z&!E4-RTG
7&)/\$S%
M 

_.4&D&Z*0S5&09J/*4
M:@)



&3RF 6P6 DBFBN4=-RN/]E5.!F%F\



)\#-+W)
M?M
7V /PZ==-N9OP=;E?VL_;Y2&R=YI.K]]4D.A (#C/?5)*28B-M :-Y]9.
MGV!(8R@V=8;U3
YK46L)2T@*SWFR )I15@6






4IX)=[
M3;W L.,W%@R,QL T!(H6*2JB:Q2M8YFGR?HQO6Z9.T4Y''-Z8=E&8@LV[P]
M&M-=O02:9U.//;%06FII-96&.AI)-S6T$1J,PWK!-V[7ODW#/IC5D 8K[7F
M2#WUB&?2*- Z!!^ 6 ;.8) 1#)=T]!JSU6#.::!WY*XB.)]F1:D(XRCUB(Z

M-3$PH'8^D:^AV=FG& 9DZ.:8FKW:YJ Q;;MX31$(CUQKQ70

M(;
V\P3/&@S+Y1%DT_LBX.[@\L?%?\9Q]^O7-W+NC]Q5T$ Y\R%$8-$8)APC
MVD@LJ^0Z #@58AELF.=







M].)MXYADZQ3[B5G5CJQI805H(2@%K=-*A@A)$LCW($07R5 [BKTGDHXXVW4J

8B:E$V?J 416;U4\+/IZ5%S[PXSL)NT!^0=C_ DT^^<QY3
M.&*E 6ZC<C(P07SZ8PTS]TDG=!

MFM0#N;C#HXZ&W8JA$%.M#6=_UY3,TZ(4MHY3IPH:^YJ5P=&P0/-/(^(7[U

8X)VCP(4T1


B89(N



MI-]_N/C(M-+!TXN0L$H:J$.
!*1G1/G[33YM&9U3.FM+RFS&QGXB='TY6K@\

C1RFRY+IN4^




$+1RG4T3 ;@LAT
]7%


IJ(P**AQU$82(E*3#T

M63J0YJD



Z.SV@.^#9

& 6*T8B<58!RQN:S_=<QOUZIC:9'*2/QM\

FHTICL+'PJL[/%4PMM 4Q(SI3D0GJB?!3^'B)9=AR^^SZ*<^K.2(8


VQ'2^

8AW??UH#LO@9:
G%I[88#6E



YQV Q2-G]LP23QJ(-U/BT5



H10
MEF;9P+@F4DD




4

MP9$L

TSN'3Z\M))=(A .B&&'1)?]'FVHX@8;
.H
7P(VF


MX
:OF_UR]W[QO;2BAVJ7][_?G23*B3L+4!J%94XSPY


M-]_*PBP_?.Y)NW/TOB+Y]D8;0+#&6RHP
DVJ8:HPH^
0[82\Z0_302H$/)Y(





H#^R=


69]Q=@/& '&-4D2M'5; V
MU.A%
D;UP&H%&^WF^O-S<WB]!G/IY<6BI1%:8Q)2S*!#E6DMC;+
M
M!
-EY3E1H670RJ/W
M47ME2K?\[L.B%_
I2=2!;#:=X=A&P.X\ ;LJO\A88[CV&C1(HLJS _1%0.9
M%4 FZ!SV). \'-L(^+?U\E!)OES W*41[C=^L]YM;E;799GYZ#Z^_9#*9+S

*DUP3=



NYM#H23[GPK ID.6%YYGZ5



M2]9)K5^@OAY?RCGQ9^')W??%NN%^M]=.\^5MO+=S'8UX(2Y]Y?.
69Q[(_





M




M!?.20@$MNS%Q*R$$M#1&'Y2DW)
@T
S&4VDIW;
+YC4#= B^W%Z56Z.;T_5Y
MGUQ9B

M%M*


[4JW+
G&\^(WYC4S6@?CK(H1





MI7 DFI7P6(SZQ-.]$#IZ.2L#G:$PUT@Q51JLB$H]S)TI'@OAI$U)A9+:;Y

MQ]#3[F

M$I%PH%YI3YE!(@*E7*

]S5+W)8XK(P3+KC8/D\LA$/F8)TRJA


M

UVO=J7

UI.[E+D)2!
T=WTRJ#-\A\CV

MZ@[@





MP$/G



W4@TB6)(9&)W@

MOH=T



A&[I!JEOIS


$$Y1)&@%C
M5%I6GV\=F=&\TJ$H-]V@.009ULG17-9SZB^E_$I1'3=#1^XJF&#)6!O'(PAF


_7Y7JW/&F9SKJ_

M?[YKQR

M9$;VI(5 7PC



QZ[ZO8(4V.

MRW+B2YO]]C'V &=PO$1L;




5W3-&%;*F!D?0W



&AB=






MP


M5NJ

MRC-V7D@OB;9&4^@K:*QT\REXT!])#KH%P^$^R@6073IK_)$^
56=:;BP_MKC


?'3/ #(L!\%X%)WS

M









M*QY5H/:R@L8K


$U
ZGA^# +#A4:+@'T


O+?:FPQ?7%8G7Y;FT6/U;1

M
K



M&+IDMVS)C&=/!JP8XD8#0B4@#+CX8W7T!R%TF4UH)WB\VC\O3H-RAD49H/!*



8*<<!)QQ*4CM_V.3&3H1TR/
)-S6#
C/QZH3BV9R1Z.+




M-6*L



O^UN-X5_[GZ]KT#
MY_K\LP$PARR7D&OBX\I&#



?/=#^_./BJ$#U-Y9Q5FC.!


MW



]$HOZJRUL$











(S^OM2
ZQ5(I9F*88YQRM
M#9W/$=SI0GXERZ@/3$=?E6=,.NUS<3I&**; 0BNB1Z0A9YCJ^+/UB!+HF_S








P'P=GU0Y& IV$Q
M'V%CK/ZUV%RV.$9X\ESP G/KG3-1NP%H!$!05-
@-O=*[ 2I


!

AB!V)^*:!!6J8_'_@KC[^O5[?;3Y]\;4\&.
V-P1-\G3@?B/0,EWZV5Y4]1W
MO-XGB3?;X.C@D5Q/0-!HS^;G%N*&50/4Z29:3!3= %'MKG]@7X^7C6&]HZ.
MXQRB(SG1@CG,56

M(BE9]V?::1U.

GF3^//;;+[YOICP
M$083;!4E1 'J-
::U7CYW((C4[P1

MR.6


!BS^;


T%_HA0$G0#=F'..NBG[*/2C7*=N@;3SC





(
ML7JOB G+#

)
M

M3P7KM6.8$F-2A

JG[7


MD!P#R+




Q+BK^'CU







_%]_VV?/'0C '!X6HA)UD




MY0HH@&VFQ9W@ =J9--] @LA1@N_+[?:I-GYE*1W2?*T&!VTIH@I (PRT-#H6
QT:$@@1
M7!B#'&-0\B%YO4YDW


M-\RK_RDNDU?927V]



#=HXIA3@67L2I

M6*!
W


B_7A5M=Z*<]JOFL8X6_O#U);8BEDEDN#=5R!
M=3D/!*'6N1GN?\5H_CD$,D:P8U=\*1_U3HASNG<K(X@?RKO#B.,ACW9O)IS




9S$\?#!(91'&TCL1#



MSG+305D=&A)X=/$$Q$(+22B7

X^Z=
3J,PYF)3_HA^
MWZ^+Z\4^\IW8_N-!E;9A4-M7!*P0\D#N%R

V^V34

MX-!_E.7EOU;7UY'X\=

MW$#E=-
P^R378#B/FUR^L:OMCW*[N'Z1MMQ!A66\+AAJO?(8BK@AEI 9*6I
M0(%Y)+OKQ$F'P'QG #IIV)9?EOO.PZ55Q^*V\]Q0['=_^/=/F
K?EL*PGW9


#-[8HIU

MWPNJ(U#F0_&O1_/?Q)W*+JK
FX=3KO94ZOJJ0*RF%./D!!84+@PW9;.YE;



*H=@
183[C'*J+IH',:9*9OCF
S)8(4U'D#N&)(
QY7#O*NF0@R8
MC__2/R].@W(
?W?$YFT 4X^\0PPJ1CQ+C:6$
J
GDTP;REL;V9@21PYHW\

M

H8%


M!U@X+;!Y

1

S*RX


(

G&2T;P#%
M;1ICZ33- U;I-H6]FX][V8-4RGY S)'KY\7-UESOOAZ7[-.G F=68HB@A9)3

#TQ0X PU4 A-MK-4(5I-52&6VJ'D+^BA;[(U\
M.@GB


:F*D/03=S)!W:*


R33LY-N]( B+XK;#0H4!8)1R*SBO)@Z0G$]D
MZ'R4.<3=/@4S)B,?M4;=OIQ!8W@TWL=A9%_Y0I)#G *O:Y2!$/,Y&^^;
M%BT:V_:%^ICDVR_'[9V7U1A.#(J1!&!Z


_3

MBB



M#C7!O*?)&*I^)'$FDJ4?-T5SXF_CV))
8 #1E(M_X5=ZQ:4U)Z.I_TWY/E


$\@ X(P9




M];/XG
B^7P#NS^7U+D+MXW*)RC
R?4^'E\)JNB+9[Q\*R&!(H%2IQ2-@SF%G


M

)R77Q+:RAZD1^O]A/XN+O=WB[6
ME_?'!$NUOK0)W:.'\WDO#$8B[:&D0!KK%%#&R[T+D3IB1


M=[CGXV\N]WT2ZM/

M


M GA/&



F\F%XM?Z=]7Y8$\YT-GF

8L4(I
\YJG0HO68:YUQ4


Y2X!1QH'4GJ:J



M-PH]4-TDJXF.SIRT A-D422V(-64'9:9_NR4[_]




M8[XVW



M8*L.?J_^]25^0\




ME
98.)_&2[TPX 3HSKGC;9
RTCPX8.R91L :0YU 0%#&*X-IE#69J=P3/(8Z
M7T E%^QSLJL*UE\=BP:W&!T\9RANT2SFA%#C(&L6I;&:3?2XY]BK\ML[)Q

[24N= TH9XY6.

5/.WX.:

M)


\'VMV[6WR)6Q6H/71N2GO#68!C&1AI**9 02L^H
MTQ5$#)K

%)O/
MWZ
T$HC+N!CMZGJ76H5UU\:=WIA.RPV0%FEI!'(80:9K
6C,C4Q^YO$+37Q
MD-(ZGMOP?_X]/?IUL2W^[__Z_U!+ 0(4 Q0    ( )6+?4@PMWLXQA0 .O?
M(@ 1                0    !B971R+3(P,34Q,C,Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0
M   ( )6+?4C R-%$SQ8  #L. 0 1                ?44 @!B971R+3(P
M
34Q
C
Q+GAS9%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( )6+?4B_4_A-324  (&/ 0 5

#$U
3(S
M

M     ( !N!H# &)E='(M
C Q-3$R
S%?;&%B+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( )6+
M?4@XSTTBA-\  &2_P 5                =PB! !B971R+3(P
34Q
C
Q

