

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-13-259357
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20130331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130614
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130614
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Annie's
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001431897
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35470
		FILM NUMBER:		13913878
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1610 FIFTH STREET
		CITY:			BERKELEY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94710
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-288-1089
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1610 FIFTH STREET
		CITY:			BERKELEY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94710
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ANNIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080409












 



 D.C. 20549 
FORM 10-K






For the Fiscal Year Ended March&nbsp;31
 2013 
 




To
Commission File Number: 001-35470

Annie&#146;s





















 CA








 including area code) 











Common Stock
 $0.001 par value per share




Indicate by
check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer


to Section&nbsp;13 or Section&nbsp;15(d) of the Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&nbsp;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&nbsp;405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will
not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#146;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Indicate by a check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company.&nbsp;See definition of &#147;large accelerated filer
&#148; &#147;accelerated filer&#148; and &#147;smaller reporting company&#148; in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 






























Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b&#150;2 of the
Exchange Act).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;
As of September&nbsp;28
 2012
 the last business day of the registrant&#146;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter
 the aggregate
market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $453.6 million
 based on the number of shares held by non-affiliates as of September&nbsp;28
 2012 and the closing price of the registrant&#146;s common stock on the New
York Stock Exchange on September&nbsp;28
On May&nbsp;31
 2013 the registrant had 16
880
004 shares of common stock
 par
value $0.001 per share
 outstanding. 


 to be
filed subsequent to the date hereof
 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Report. Such Definitive Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the conclusion of the
registrant&#146;s fiscal year ended March&nbsp;31
 2013. Except with respect to information specifically incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K
 the Proxy Statement is not deemed to be filed as part of this Form 10-K. 





Annie&#146;s
 Inc. 




























































Item&nbsp;
5 &#150; Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities











Item&nbsp;
7 &#150; Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation

















Item&nbsp;9 &#150; Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
Disclosure

























Item&nbsp;10 &#150; Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance











Item&nbsp;
12 &#150; Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters





Item&nbsp;13 &#150; Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director
Independence



















Item&nbsp;15 &#150; Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules











 



 
This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements in addition to historical information. These forward-looking
statements are included throughout this Form 10-K
 including in the sections entitled &#147;Business
&#148; &#147;Risk Factors&#148; and &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#148; and
relate to matters such as our industry
 business strategy
 goals and expectations concerning our market position
 future operations
 margins
 profitability
 capital expenditures
 liquidity
 capital resources and other financial and operating
information. We have used the words &#147;anticipate
&#148; &#147;assume
&#148; &#147;believe
&#148; &#147;continue
&#148; &#147;could
&#148; &#147;estimate
&#148; &#147;expect
&#148; &#147;intend
&#148; &#147;may
&#148; &#147;plan
&#148;
&#147;potential
&#148; &#147;predict
&#148; &#147;project
&#148; &#147;future
&#148; &#147;will
&#148; &#147;seek
&#148; &#147;foreseeable&#148; and similar terms and phrases to identify forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K. 
The forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K are based on management&#146;s current expectations and are subject to
uncertainty and changes in circumstances. We cannot assure you that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. Actual results may differ materially from these expectations due to changes in global
 regional or local
economic
 business
 competitive
 market
 regulatory and other factors
 many of which are beyond our control. We believe that these factors include those described in &#147;Risk Factors.&#148; Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize
 or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect
 our actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement made by us in this Form 10-K speaks only as of
the date of this Form 10-K. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time
 and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking
statement
 whether as a result of new information
 future developments or otherwise
 except as may be required by any applicable securities laws. 
 





Annie&#146;s
 Inc. is a natural and organic food company with a widely recognized brand
 offering consumers great-tasting products in
large packaged food categories. We sell premium products made from high-quality ingredients at affordable prices. Our products appeal to health-conscious consumers who seek to avoid artificial flavors
 synthetic colors and preservatives that are
used in many conventional packaged foods. We have the #1 natural and organic market position in four product lines: macaroni and cheese
 snack crackers
 fruit snacks and graham crackers. 
Our loyal and growing consumer following has enabled us to migrate from our natural and organic roots to a brand sold across the
mainstream grocery
 mass merchandiser and natural retailer channels. Today
 we offer over 135 products and are present in over 26
500 retail locations in the United States and Canada. Over the past three years
 we have significantly increased both
the number of retail locations where our products can be found and the number of our products found in individual stores. We expect that increasing penetration of the mainstream grocery and mass merchandiser channels
 combined with greater brand
awareness
 new product introductions
 line extensions and favorable consumer trends


 including new product development
 is a key component of our growth strategy. We invest significant resources to understand our consumers and develop products that address their desire for
natural and organic alternatives to conventional packaged foods. We have a demonstrated track record of extending our product offerings into large food categories
 such as fruit snacks and snack mix
 and introducing products in existing categories
with new sizes
 flavors and ingredients. In order to quickly and economically introduce our new products to market
 we partner with contract manufacturers that make our products according to our formulas or other specifications. 
Our brand and premium products appeal to our consumers
 who tend to be better-educated and more health-conscious than the average
consumer. In addition
 we believe that many of our consumers spend more on food and buy higher margin items than the average consumer. We believe that our products attract new consumers to the categories in which we compete
 and that our products
are profitable and attractive to retailers. As a result
 we believe we can continue to expand in the mainstream grocery and mass merchandiser channels
 while continuing to innovate and grow our sales in the natural retailer channel. 
We are mission-driven and committed to operating in a socially responsible and environmentally sustainable manner
 with an open and
honest corporate culture. Our corporate culture embodies these values and
 as a result
 we enjoy a highly motivated and skilled work force that is committed to our business and our mission. Our colorful
 informative and whimsical packaging featuring
our iconic mascot
 Bernie
 the &#147;Rabbit of Approval
&#148; conveys these values. We believe our consumers connect with us because they love our products and relate to our values
 resulting in loyal and trusting relationships. 
We have experienced strong sales and profit growth over the past few years. We increased our net sales from $93.6 million in fiscal 2009
to $170.0 million in fiscal 2013
 representing a 16.1% compound annual growth rate. Over the same period
 our income from operations increased from $3.1 million in fiscal 2009 to $20.0 million in fiscal 2013. 

Annie Withey co-founded Annie&#146;s Homegrown
 Inc. with Andrew Martin in 1989 with the goal of giving families healthy and delicious
macaroni and cheese and to show by example that a successful business can also be socially responsible. Initially
 the company sold natural macaroni and cheese dinners to regional supermarkets

 



 
and independent natural retailers in New England. Over the next 10 years
 Annie&#146;s Homegrown grew by expanding its line of natural macaroni and cheese across a broader national footprint in
In December 1999
 Homegrown Natural Foods
 Inc.
 which was founded by
our CEO
 John M. Foraker
 made an investment in Annie&#146;s Homegrown and Mr.&nbsp;Foraker joined the board of directors. This investment enabled us to expand distribution in the mainstream grocery channel. At the time of this investment
 our
annual revenues were approximately $7 million. In December 1999
 Mr.&nbsp;Martin left Annie&#146;s Homegrown. Annie Withey continued in her role as our Inspirational President. 
From 2002 to 2005
 Solera Capital
 LLC
 a private equity firm based in New York
 made several significant equity investments in the
company
 acquiring control and providing capital for internal growth and acquisitions. Under Solera&#146;s ownership
 Annie&#146;s Homegrown embarked on a strategy to expand into new food categories
 introducing Cheddar Bunnies snack crackers in
2003. In 2004
 Solera formed a company later named Annie&#146;s
 Inc. to acquire all of the stock of Annie&#146;s Homegrown held by Homegrown Naturals Foods
 as well as Fantastic Foods
 Inc. and Napa Valley Kitchens
 Inc.
 two of Homegrown Natural
Foods&#146; subsidiaries. We acquired the Annie&#146;s Naturals brand of salad dressings in 2005. We sometimes refer to Solera Capital
 LLC and its affiliates as Solera in this Form 10-K. 
In connection with our initial public offering
 or IPO
 that closed on April&nbsp;2
 2012
 our common stock began trading under the stock
symbol BNNY on the New York Stock Exchange
 or NYSE
 on March&nbsp;28
 2012. Prior to such date
 there was no public market for our common stock. In addition
 we are an &#147;emerging growth company&#148; as defined in the JOBS Act. 
More than 20 years after the company&#146;s founding
 our original values still guide our business. Annie Withey remains involved in the
business
 writing the personal letters printed on the back of our boxes and responding to letters from our consumers. The company remains a mission-driven business grounded in using natural and organic ingredients to make great-tasting products that


 happier world by spreading goodness through nourishing foods
 honest words and conduct that is considerate and forever kind to the planet. We have focused on
building a successful and growing business in pursuit of our mission. Our corporate motto is Eat Responsibly&#151;Act Responsibly. We offer great-tasting
 high-quality natural and organic foods
 while striving to act in a socially responsible and
environmentally sustainable manner. We are committed to growing our business and profitability


values: 





Annie&#146;s is real
 authentic and trusted by consumers. As a company
 we strive to build upon this legacy with every decision we make.













Annie&#146;s uses simple
 natural and organic ingredients. 






Annie&#146;s sources from places and people we trust
 with an emphasis on quality and environmental sustainability. 






Annie&#146;s is socially responsible
 and we spread awareness and act as a positive role model for consumers and other businesses.






Annie&#146;s and its valued employees treat consumers
 customers
 suppliers
 stockholders and each other with the same high degree of respect
 fairness
and honesty that we expect of others. 
 



These core values are integrally woven into our culture and serve as important guiding
principles for our strategies and business decisions. Over many years
 our commitment to these core values has helped us build a brand consumers trust. We believe this trust is our most important asset. We believe the more consumers trust us
 the
more willing they are to support our brand by purchasing our current products
 trying our new products and recommending them to their friends and family. We believe that our culture has been
 and we expect it will remain
 a source of competitive


 which we refer to as reducing our bunny footprint. To that end
 we engage in
a number of programs and partnerships supporting our communities by encouraging sustainability and providing financial and in-kind support to organizations committed to healthy foods and environmental sustainability. We believe that our consumers
and organic and natural suppliers value the efforts we make in the areas of social responsibility and environmental sustainability
 including: 





Grants for Gardens
 a program that offers small grants to community gardens
 school gardens and other educational programs that educate children about
the origins and benefits of healthy food. 





Cases for Causes
 one of our oldest grassroots programs
 which provides schools and non-profit organizations with free cases of our products.






Sustainable Agriculture Scholarships
 which provide financial assistance to students committed to studying sustainable and organic agriculture.

We
have determined that we operate as one segment: the marketing and distribution of natural and organic food products. Our chief executive officer is considered to be our chief operating decision maker. He reviews our operating results on an aggregate
basis for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance. In fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
 net sales from outside of the U.S. was 4%
 3% and 3%
 respectively
 of our total net sales. All of our long-lived assets are located in


 the U.S. is the world&#146;s largest organic food market
 with sales of natural and organic foods exceeding $45 billion in 2011. From 2000 to 2010
 the U.S. natural
and organic food market grew at a compound annual growth rate of approximately 12% and was found by the same industry source to have grown by approximately 10% in 2011. We believe growth rates for the U.S. natural and organic food market have been
and will continue to be
We believe growth in the natural and organic
food market is driven by various factors
 including heightened awareness of the role that food and nutrition play in long-term health and wellness. Many consumers prefer natural and organic products due to increasing concerns over the purity and
safety of food as a result of the presence of pesticide residues
 growth hormones and artificial and genetically engineered ingredients in the foods we eat. The development and implementation of USDA standards for organic certification has increased
consumer awareness of
 and confidence in
 products labeled as organic. According to a well-regarded consumer research firm
 75% of adults in the U.S. purchased natural or organic foods in 2010
 with 33% of consumers using organic products at least
Products that are independently certified as organic in accordance with the
USDA Organic Foods Production Act and its implementing regulations are made with ingredients generally free of synthetic pesticides
 fertilizers
 chemicals and
 in the case of dairy products
 synthetic growth hormones. The USDA&#146;s National

 



 
Organic Program regulations include the National List of Allowed and Prohibited Substances for use in certified organic products
 which is amended from time to time based on recommendations from
the National Organic Standards Board. The USDA requires that certified organic products need to be composed of at least 95% organic ingredients
 while &#147;made with organic&#148; products need to be composed of at least 70% organic ingredients.
Although not certified
 natural products are generally considered in the industry to be minimally processed and largely or completely free of artificial flavors and preservatives
 synthetic colors and other non-naturally occurring chemicals.
We believe growth in the natural and organic food market was historically anchored by a core of informed
 health-conscious
consumers
 who remained committed to buying high-quality products for themselves and their families
 even through the recent economic downturn. While the average consumer basket in dedicated organic and natural stores carries a price premium
compared to the same basket in mainstream stores
 according to a leading national business journal study
 that premium is shrinking. As economic conditions improve
 and natural and organic products become more readily available in the mainstream
grocery and mass merchandiser channels
 there is an opportunity for increased demand through expansion of the consumer base. 
Historically
 natural and organic foods were primarily available at independent organic retailers or natural and organic retail chains.
Mainstream grocery stores and mass merchandisers have expanded their natural and organic product offerings because of increasing consumer demand for natural and organic products
 which generally command a higher margin for the retailer. The
percentage of natural and organic food sales has been rising
 and
 according to an industry source
 in 2010
 73% of consumers purchased organic products at grocery stores as compared to 25% at natural food stores. We believe the emergence of strong
natural and organic brands
 driven by a loyal and growing consumer base


Leading natural and organic
We are a market leading premium natural and organic brand with proven success in large categories across multiple channels. We have the #1 natural and organic market position in four product lines: macaroni and cheese
 snack crackers
fruit snacks and graham crackers. Our brand is reinforced by distinctive packaging that communicates the fun and whimsical nature of the brand with bright colors and our iconic mascot
 Bernie
 the &#147;Rabbit of Approval.&#148; Our commitment to
high-quality and great-tasting products has led to proven success in the mainstream grocery
 mass merchandiser and natural retailer channels
 making us a successful crossover brand. 
Many of our consumers are loyal and enthusiastic brand advocates. Our consumers trust us to deliver
great-tasting products made with natural and organic ingredients. We believe that consumer enthusiasm for our brand inspires repeat purchases
 attracts new consumers and generates interest in our new products. We receive hundreds of hand-written
letters and messages through social media each month from parents and children


 we have successfully extended our brand into a number of large product lines
 such as
snack crackers
 graham crackers
 fruit snacks and granola bars
 and introduced extensions of our existing product lines. One of our most recent new product innovations is frozen organic and made with organic rising crust pizza
 which we introduced
in January 2012 and June 2012
 respectively. In October 2012
 we expanded our selection of family-friendly snack options with organic graham crackers and cheddar squares. We have made a sustained investment in innovation and regularly validate
product concepts with our consumers and customers. In February 2013
 we announced a macaroni and cheese product line extension
 Bernie&#146;s Farm Macaroni&nbsp;&amp; Cheese
 which began shipping nationwide in spring 2013. In March 2013
 we
introduced our 
 



 
new deluxe skillet meals
 which will be available for initial shipment in summer 2013. We maintain an active new product pipeline
 and our relationships with our ingredient suppliers and
Strategic and valuable brand for retailers.
Our brand is valuable to retailers in the mainstream grocery
 mass merchandiser and natural retailer channels. We believe retailers carry our products for several reasons
 including that our products satisfy consumer demand for premium
natural and organic products and many of our consumers spend more on food and buy higher margin items than average consumers. Further
 we believe our products offer better profitability for retailers compared to conventional packaged foods.
. We have long-standing strategic relationships with key suppliers of organic
ingredients. We have significant knowledge and experience sourcing these ingredients and
 for some key ingredients
 our supply chain relationships extend to farmers and farmer cooperatives. We consider our sourcing relationships and our knowledge of
Experienced management team.
We have a proven and experienced senior management team. Our Chief Executive Officer
 John M. Foraker
 has been with us since 1999 and has significant experience in the natural and organic food industry. The members of our senior management
team have extensive experience in the food industry and with leading consumer brands. 

. We intend to increase sales by expanding the number of stores that sell our products in
the mainstream grocery and mass merchandiser channels and by securing placements adjacent to conventional products in the mainstream aisle. We believe increased distribution and enhanced shelf placement will lead more consumers to purchase our
. We intend to increase the
number of consumers who buy our products by using grassroots marketing
 social media tools and advertising. We believe these efforts will educate consumers about our brand and the benefits of natural and organic food
 create demand for our products
and
 ultimately


 analyses and consumer testing enable us to identify attractive product opportunities. We intend to continue to introduce products in
Remain authentic: stay true to our
We believe authentic brands are brands that win. We are a mission-driven business with long-standing core values. We strive to operate in an honest
 socially responsible and environmentally sustainable manner because it is the


 supply chain and systems to ensure that our business is scalable and profitable. We expect to add new employees to
our sales
 marketing
 operations and innovation teams as necessary to support our growth. We actively seek opportunities to invest in the specific capabilities of our supply chain partners to reduce costs
 increase manufacturing efficiencies and
improve quality. Additionally
 we continue to invest in our systems and technology
 including additional functionality to our enterprise resource planning (ERP) system
 which we implemented in fiscal 2013 to support growth and increase efficiency.

 





 condiments and other. Meals are an important family occasion
 and we make it easier for families to share wholesome
meal solutions
 despite time-pressed schedules
 without sacrificing quality. Consumers are eating more snacks
 and we offer natural and organic alternatives that parents prefer while satisfying the most discriminating snacker in the family.
Dressings and condiments are important complements to meals
 and we offer natural and organic alternatives to conventional offerings. We are primarily focused on growing and expanding our meals and snacks categories because we believe they provide
Our product lines include natural products
 products &#147;made with
organic&#148; ingredients and certified organic products. We source only ingredients stated to be free of genetically modified organisms and strive to use ingredients that are as near to their whole
 natural state as possible. In fiscal 2013
 we
Within
our various product lines
 we offer many products suitable for consumers seeking to avoid certain ingredients and attempting to adhere to specialized dietary plans
 including gluten-free and vegan products. We continue to develop new products using
We have over 135 products across our product
lines in various sizes. In fiscal 2013
 the break-down of our three product categories was as follows: 



 analyses and consumer testing. We identify large
conventional food categories and assess the demand for natural and organic products in each category. Further
 we work closely with certain of our customers to identify attractive opportunities based on their insight and market perspectives. Based
on our consumer tests and insights
 we develop competing natural or organic products. Once developed
 we design the appropriate package with Annie&#146;s colors and messaging. Often
 we launch new products in the natural retailer channel and then
expand distribution into the mainstream grocery and mass merchandiser channels. We also regularly review our current product offerings and determine if product extensions or reformulations are desirable. 
 



In fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
 we spent $2.8 million
 $2.0 million and $2.1 million
respectively
 in research and development expenses
 which consisted primarily of market studies
 consumer research and analyses
 product development and employee-related expenses. 
In January 2012
 we shipped our first frozen product
 certified organic rising crust pizza
 which is being distributed on a national
basis through a major industry-leading natural retailer and in June 2012
 we shipped our pizza product line extension
 rising crust frozen pizza &#147;made with organic&#148; ingredients. In June 2013
 we announced our entry into the single-serve
microwavable cup segment of the macaroni &amp; cheese category. We also expect to develop additional frozen products over the coming years
 including one new frozen product line targeted for the second half of fiscal 2014. 
In October 2012
 we expanded our selection of family-friendly snack options with organic graham crackers
 available in honey and cinnamon
varieties
 and cheddar squares
 made with 100 percent real cheese and certified-organic wheat. In February 2013
 we announced a macaroni and cheese product line extension
 Bernie&#146;s Farm Macaroni&nbsp;&amp; Cheese
 which began shipping
nationwide in spring 2013. In March 2013
 we introduced our new deluxe skillet meals
 which will be available for initial shipment in summer 2013. Our new product introductions tend to have a lower margin than our established products due to the
small initial production run sizes
 and if our new product introductions accelerate or&nbsp;reflect a larger percentage of our net sales


States and Canada. The vast majority of our sales are in the United States. During fiscal 2013
 approximately 4% of our net sales were from Canada. We sell our products through three primary channels: mainstream grocery
 mass merchandiser/other and
natural retailer. Because of our brand equity and high-quality products
 we believe there are attractive growth prospects for us in each of these channels. 





: Our customers in this channel include large national chains such as Kroger
 Ahold and Safeway and regional chains
such as Wegmans
 Harris Teeter
 H-E-B and Raley&#146;s. During fiscal 2013
 we estimate that the mainstream grocery channel represented approximately 39% of our net sales. 






Our customers in this channel include large national and regional retailers such as Target Stores
Costco Wholesale and Wal-Mart. We also sell a limited number of products through food service
 military and e-commerce channels. During fiscal 2013
 we estimate that the mass merchandiser channel
 including the other channels mentioned above
represented approximately 36% of our net sales. 





Our customers in this channel include large retailers such as Whole Foods Market and Trader Joe&#146;s (where our
products are sold under its own store brand)
 regional natural chains such as Sprouts Farmers Market and Earth Fare and independent natural foods cooperatives. During fiscal 2013
 we estimate that the natural retailer channel represented
We sell our products directly to retailers and through distributors. We
use brokers to support our sales efforts. 





. The majority of our products are sold direct to retailers. We sell direct predominantly in the mass merchandiser channel
but we also maintain select direct relationships in the mainstream grocery channel. In fiscal 2013
 28% of our net sales were generated from sales to our top two customers
 Target (17%)&nbsp;and Costco (11%). In some cases
 we sell products to the
same grocery chain using both direct relationships and distributors. 





Many of our products are sold through independent food distributors
 including the majority sold to the natural
retailer channel. Food distributors purchase products from us for resale to retailers
 taking title to the products upon purchase. The prices their customers pay for these products

 







are set by our distributors
 in their sole discretion
 although we may influence the retail price with the use of promotional incentives. In fiscal 2013
 25% of our net sales were generated from
sales to our largest distributor
 United Natural Foods Inc.
 or UNFI. 
We have built the Annie&#146;s brand using traditional grassroots marketing efforts such as sampling
 public relations and participation
in community events and festivals. In the early years
 Annie Withey&#146;s own home phone number and address were on our box so consumers could reach her directly. We continue to value direct and honest communication with our consumers. 
Our current marketing efforts are focused on outreach to a broader audience while holding true to our mission and core values. We believe
we have a significant opportunity to grow our business by increasing communications about our brand
 product quality
 taste and convenience to a wider audience of families seeking healthier alternatives. To accomplish this objective
 we will
continue to employ social media and other marketing tools that complement long-standing public relations efforts and allow for a personal dialogue with consumers. We work hard to ensure that consumers recognize our message as authentic. We believe
that our community programs and partnerships reinforce our brand&#146;s authenticity and fuel loyal and trusting relationships with consumers. 

We generate cash from operations with which we finance the day-to-day operations of our business. We control credit risk through credit
approvals
 credit limits and monitoring procedures
 and perform periodic credit evaluation of our customers. Our vendors offer us accelerated payment discounts
 usually 1% for net-10 payment and we typically take advantage of accelerated payment
We also have a credit facility
 which is available to us for future borrowings
through August&nbsp;1
 2016. See &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#150;Indebtedness&#148; for additional information regarding the credit facility. 
Our backlog of
unshipped orders was $5.2 million and $3.7 million at March&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. 

Independent manufacturers
 referred to in our industry as contract manufacturers or co-packers
 manufacture all of our products. Utilizing
contract manufacturers provides us with the flexibility to produce a large variety of products and the ability to enter new categories quickly and economically. Our contract manufacturers have been selected based on their production capabilities and
their specific product category expertise
 and we expect them to partner with us to improve and expand our product offerings. We regularly meet with our contract manufacturers to review costs and their performance and to set performance
 quality and
cost-saving targets. In many cases we enter into long-term contracts with our contract manufacturers. During fiscal 2013
 our four largest partners manufactured products accounting for approximately 75% of our net sales. 
We have invested significant resources to improve operating margins by reducing costs and increasing productivity. Our efficiency
initiatives have focused on selecting better and more efficient manufacturers
 
 



 
renegotiating tolling fees with existing manufacturers
 managing in-bound freight
 leveraging warehouse expenses and reducing ingredient and packaging costs through increased volume buys
contract consolidation
In the third quarter of fiscal 2013
 we began implementation
of a transportation management system or TMS focused on increasing visibility within the supply chain while lowering freight costs for moving raw materials between suppliers and contract manufacturers
 and finished goods between contact
manufacturers
As
part of our efficiency initiatives
 we look for opportunities to invest capital in equipment to drive down costs
 improve throughput and product quality at our contract manufacturers. In fiscal 2013
 we invested approximately $1.3 million in
manufacturing equipment
 which is located at the facilities of our contract manufacturers and remains our property. We expect to continue these investments in the future
 as we believe this approach improves efficiency and creates shared cost
reductions with our manufacturing partners. 
Our natural and organic ingredients
 raw materials and packaging materials are sourced primarily from suppliers in the United States and
Canada. We have rigorous standards for food quality and safety. Our raw materials and packaging are mostly purchased through contract manufacturers from suppliers we have approved
 at prices we have negotiated and based upon our specifications. In
order to mitigate commodity cost fluctuations
 we enter either directly or through our contract manufacturers into purchase agreements with certain ingredient suppliers. In fiscal 2013
 our contracted ingredients represented approximately 50% of our
materials costs and over 31% of our cost of sales. In addition
 in fiscal 2013
 we consolidated packaging purchases across multiple contract manufacturers
 representing slightly more than half of our annual packaging requirements. 

We take precautions designed to ensure the quality and safety of our products. In addition to routine third-party inspections of our
contract manufacturers
 we have instituted regular audits to address topics such as allergen control
 ingredient
 packaging and product specifications and sanitation. Under the FDA Food Modernization Act
 each of our contract manufacturers is
required to have a hazard analysis critical control points plan that identifies critical pathways for contaminants and mandates control measures that must be used to prevent
 eliminate or reduce relevant food-borne hazards. 
All of our contract manufacturers are required to be certified in the Safe Quality Food Program or the BRC Global Standard for Food
Safety. These standards are integrated food safety and quality management protocols designed specifically for the food sector and offer a comprehensive methodology to manage food safety and quality simultaneously. Certification provides an
independent and external validation that a product
We
work with suppliers who assure the quality and safety of their ingredients. These assurances are supported by our purchasing contracts or quality assurance specification packets
 including affidavits
 certificates of analysis and analytical testing
where required. The quality assurance staff of both our contract manufacturers and our own internal operations department conducts periodic on-site routine audits of critical ingredient suppliers. Additionally
 our contract manufacturers and our
Order
A majority of our customer fulfillment requirements are met by an outside contract warehouse
 which is
operated by a third party and based in the Chicago
 Illinois area. Products are manufactured by our contract 
 



 
manufacturers and typically are shipped to this distribution center. We store and ready products for shipment for the majority of our North American retailers and distributors from this facility.
In April 2012
 in order to support our growing operations
 reduce costs and facilitate order fulfillment
 we relocated our existing distribution operations to a nearby larger facility owned and operated by the same third party. Concurrent with this
move
 we entered into an agreement in September 2011
 which became effective in April 2012 and will remain in effect through June 2015. The agreement will automatically renew for an additional period of two years and two months
 unless either party
provides proper notice of non-renewal. Under the agreement
 our products are stored and shipped on a cost-plus basis by the third-party. Frozen customer fulfillment requirements are met by a different outside contract warehouse
 which is operated by
a third party and is also based in the Chicago
 Illinois area. In June 2012
 we entered into an agreement with this facility that will remain in effect until September 2016. The agreement will automatically renew for an additional period of one
year
 unless either party provides proper notice of non-renewal. In addition to third-party distribution
 a smaller portion of our products are shipped directly from our contract manufacturers to retailers or distributors. 

Historically
 we have experienced greater net sales in the second and fourth fiscal quarters than in the first and third fiscal quarters
due to our customers&#146; merchandising and promotional activities around the back-to-school and spring seasons. Concurrently
 inventory levels and working capital requirements increase during the first and third fiscal quarters of each fiscal year
to support higher levels of net sales in the subsequent quarters. We anticipate that this seasonal impact on our net sales and working capital is likely to continue. In fiscal 2013
 27.5% and 31.0% of our net sales
 27.4% and 31.6% of our gross
profit and 31.9% and 38.4% of our operating income were generated in the second and fourth fiscal quarters
 respectively. Accordingly
 our results of operations for any particular quarter are not indicative of the results we expect for the full


competitors enjoy significantly greater resources. Large mainstream conventional packaged foods competitors include Kraft Foods Inc.
 General Mills
 Inc.
 Mondelez International
 Inc.
 Campbell Soup Company
 PepsiCo
 Inc.
 Nestle S.A. and Kellogg
Company. Natural and organic packaged foods competitors include The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
 Newman&#146;s Own
 Inc.
 Nature&#146;s Path Foods
 Inc.
 Clif Bar&nbsp;&amp; Company and Amy&#146;s Kitchen. In addition to these competitors
 in each of
our categories we compete with many regional and small
 local niche brands. Given limited retailer shelf space and merchandising events
 competitors actively support their respective brands with marketing
 advertising and promotional spending. In
addition
 most retailers market similar items under their own private label
 which compete for the same shelf space. 
Competitive factors in the packaged foods industry include product quality and taste
 brand awareness and loyalty
 product variety
interesting or unique product names
 product packaging and package design
 shelf space
 reputation
 price
 advertising
 promotion and nutritional claims. We believe that we currently compete effectively with respect to each of these factors.

As of March&nbsp;31
 2013
 excluding interns
 we had 106 full-time employees and eight part-time employees
 including 47 in sales and
marketing
 21 in finance
 25 in operations
 seven in information technology
 seven in innovation and seven in other departments. None of our employees is represented by a labor union. We have never experienced a labor-related work stoppage.

We believe that our intellectual property has substantial value and has contributed significantly to the success of
our business. Our primary trademarks include Annie&#146;s




 



 
and Bernie Rabbit of Approval
 all of which are
registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Our trademarks are valuable assets that reinforce the distinctiveness of our brand and our consumers&#146; favorable perception of our products. We also have multiple trademark registrations or
pending applications for products within each of our product categories. Certain of our marks are also registered in Canada. In addition to trademark protection
 we own copyright registrations for the artwork depicted on our dressing labels and
other product packaging. Our web content and the domain names www.annies.com and www.anniesnaturals.com are owned by us and copyright protected. We also rely on unpatented proprietary expertise
 recipes and formulations
 continuing innovation and
other trade secrets to develop and maintain our competitive position. 
Along with our contract manufacturers
 brokers
 distributors and ingredients and packaging suppliers
 we are subject to extensive laws and
regulations in the United States by federal
 state and local government authorities. In the United States
 the federal agencies governing the manufacture
 distribution and advertising of our products include
 among others
 the FTC
 the FDA
 the
USDA
 the United States Environmental Protection Agency and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration. Under various statutes
 these agencies
 among other things
 prescribe the requirements and establish the standards for quality and safety
and regulate our marketing and advertising to consumers. Certain of these agencies
 in certain circumstances
 must not only approve our products
 but also review the manufacturing processes and facilities used to produce these products before they
can be marketed in the United States. We are also subject to the laws of Canada
 including the Canadian Food Inspection Agency


 laws governing advertising
 privacy laws
 safety regulations and other laws
 including consumer protection regulations that regulate retailers or govern the
promotion and sale of merchandise. Our operations
 and those of our contract manufacturers
 distributors and suppliers
 are subject to various laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and worker health and safety matters. We monitor
Corporate and Available Information
Our principal corporate offices are located at 1610 Fifth Street
 Berkeley
 California 94710 and our telephone number is
Our internet address is www.annies.com. We make
available on our website
 free of charge
 our Annual Report on Form 10-K
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports
 as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material
with
 or furnish it to
 the Securities Exchange Commission
 or the SEC. Our SEC reports can be accessed through the Investor Relations section of our internet website. The information found on our internet website is not part of this or any other
report we file with or furnish to the SEC. 
 



 
You should carefully consider the risks described below together with the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
which could materially affect our business
 financial condition or future results. The risks described below are not the only risks facing our company. Risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also
may materially adversely affect our business
Risks Related to Our Business and Industry

Our future success depends
 in large part
 on our ability to implement our growth strategy of expanding distribution and improving
placement of our products
 attracting new consumers to our brand and introducing new product lines and product extensions. Our ability to implement this growth strategy depends
 among other things
 on our ability to: 






enter into distribution and other strategic arrangements with third-party retailers and other potential distributors of our products;






continue to compete in conventional grocery and mass merchandiser retail channels in addition to the natural and organic channel;


























If we fail to develop and maintain our brand
 our business could suffer.
We believe that developing and maintaining our brand is critical to our success. The importance of our brand
recognition may become greater as competitors offer more products similar to ours. Our brand-building activities involve increasing awareness of our brand
 creating and maintaining brand loyalty and increasing the availability of our products. If
our brand-building activities are unsuccessful
 we may never recover the expenses incurred in connection with these efforts
 and we may be unable to implement our business strategy and increase our future sales. 
Our brand and reputation may be diminished due to real or perceived quality or health issues with our products
 which could have an adverse effect
We believe our consumers rely on us to provide them with high-quality natural
and organic food products. Concerns regarding the ingredients used in our products or the safety or quality of our products or our supply chain may cause consumers to stop purchasing our products
 even if the basis for the concern is unfounded
 has
been addressed or is outside of our control. Although we believe we have a rigorous quality control process
 there can be no assurance that our products will always comply with the standards set for our products. For example
 although we strive to
keep our products free of genetically modified organisms
 they may not be easily detected and contamination can occur through cross-pollination. Also
 we have historically used epoxy linings that contain bisphenol-A
 commonly called BPA
 as part of
the protective barrier between the metal can and food contents in our canned pasta meals. Given the recent approval by the FDA of a BPA-free can lining suitable for use with our 
 



 
products
 all new production of our canned pasta meals are now in BPA-free cans. We are in the process of selling through existing inventory manufactured prior to this change. Although the Food
and Drug Administration
 or FDA
 currently allows the use of BPA in food packaging materials
 public reports and concerns regarding the potential hazards of BPA could contribute to a perceived safety risk for products packaged using BPA.
Additionally
 there is no guarantee that concerns regarding our new packaging will not develop in the future. Adverse publicity about the quality or safety of our products
 whether or not ultimately based on fact
 may discourage consumers from
buying our products and have an adverse effect on our brand
We have no control over our
products once purchased by consumers. Accordingly
 consumers may prepare our products in a manner that is inconsistent with our directions or store our products for long periods of time
 which may adversely affect the quality of our products. If
consumers do not perceive our products to be of high quality
 then the value of our brand would be diminished
 and our business
 results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected. 
Any loss of confidence on the part of consumers in the ingredients used in our products or in the safety and quality of our products
would be difficult and costly to overcome. Any such adverse effect could be exacerbated by our position in the market as a purveyor of high-quality natural and organic food products and may significantly reduce our brand value. Issues regarding the
safety of any of our products
 regardless of the cause
 may have a substantial and adverse effect on our brand

<FONT

 tampering or product contamination or
spoilage. Under certain circumstances
 we may be required to recall or withdraw products
 which may have a material adverse effect on our business. For example
 in 2008
 we carried out an FDA Class I recall for approximately 680 cases of our salad
dressing due to ingredient mislabeling and we recently carried out an FDA Class&nbsp;II recall for our frozen pizza products. See &#147;&#151;Our voluntary recall of certified organic and made with organic pizza products has affected our fiscal 2013
financial results and will continue to impact our financial results in future quarters.&#148; Even if a situation does not necessitate a recall or market withdrawal
 product liability claims may be asserted against us. If the consumption of any of
our products causes
 or is alleged to have caused
 a health-related illness
 we may become subject to claims or lawsuits relating to such matters. Even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful
 the negative publicity surrounding any assertion
that our products caused illness or physical harm could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential distributors
 retailers and consumers and our corporate image and brand equity. Moreover
 claims or liabilities of this sort might
not be covered by insurance or by any rights of indemnity or contribution that we may have against others. A product liability judgment against us or a product recall or market withdrawal could have a material adverse effect on our business
Our voluntary recall of certified organic and made with organic pizza products affected our fiscal
In January&nbsp;2013
 we
initiated a voluntary recall of our certified organic and made with organic pizza products due to the possible presence of fragments of flexible metal mesh from a faulty screen at a third-party flour mill. See &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#151;Voluntary Product Recall.&#148; We have accounted for the voluntary recall primarily as a reduction to net sales to account for customer and consumer returns and an increase in cost of
sales to account for the destruction of finished goods and raw materials inventory. In addition
 we recorded administrative costs associated with the recall
 including fees and incentives to customers and legal expenses. Certain of these accounting
charges were based on our best estimates and are subject to change based on actual results or revised estimates. We may also 
 



 
incur some additional costs in future quarters. While we have recovered a portion of the costs related to the voluntary recall through our existing recall insurance and expect to recover
additional amounts in the future
 we cannot guarantee that additional monies will be recovered or that the amounts we recover will cover all costs associated with the voluntary recall. While we restarted the production and began shipping replacement
product into distributors and retailers in February 2013
 we have not fully returned to our pre-recall distribution level. We may find it challenging to re-establish strong growth in pizza product sales for a period of time following the voluntary
recall. Further
 while there have been no illnesses or injuries reported to date
 the occurrence of any illnesses or injuries could have serious consequences on pizza product sales and sales of our other products
 our brand and reputation
 any of
Disruptions in the worldwide economy may adversely affect our business
 results of operations and
Adverse and uncertain economic conditions may impact distributor
 retailer and consumer demand
for our products. In addition
 our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our suppliers
 contract manufacturers
 distributors
 retailers
 consumers and creditors may suffer. Consumers may shift purchases to lower-priced or other
perceived value offerings during economic downturns. In particular
 consumers may reduce the amount of natural and organic products that they purchase where there are conventional offerings
 which generally have lower retail prices. In addition
consumers may choose to purchase private label products rather than branded products because they are generally less expensive. Distributors and retailers may become more conservative in response to these conditions and seek to reduce their
inventories. For example
 during the economic downturn from 2007 through 2009
 distributors and retailers significantly reduced their inventories
 and inventory levels have not returned to
 and are not expected to return to
 pre-downturn levels. Our
results of operations depend upon
 among other things
 our ability to maintain and increase sales volume with our existing distributors and retailers
 to attract new consumers and to provide products that appeal to consumers at prices they are
Consumer
preferences for our products are difficult to predict and may change
 and
 if we are unable to respond quickly to new trends


 manufacture
 marketing and distribution of a line of branded natural and organic food products. If consumer demand for our products decreased
 our business
would suffer. In addition
 sales of natural and organic products are subject to evolving consumer preferences. Consumer trends that we believe favor sales of our products could change based on a number of possible factors
 including a shift in
preference from organic to non-organic and from natural to non-natural products
 a loss of confidence by consumers in what constitutes &#147;organic
&#148; economic factors and social trends. A significant shift in consumer demand away from our
products could reduce our sales or the prestige of our brand
We may not have the resources to compete
We operate in a highly competitive market. Numerous brands and
products compete for limited retailer shelf space and consumers. In our market
 competition is based on
 among other things
 product quality and taste
 brand recognition and loyalty
 product variety
 interesting or unique product names
 product
packaging and package design
 shelf space
 reputation
 price
 advertising
The packaged
food industry is dominated by multinational corporations with substantially greater resources and operations than us. We cannot be certain that we will successfully compete with larger competitors that have greater financial
 sales and technical
resources. Conventional food companies
 including Kraft Foods Inc.
 General Mills
 Inc.
 Mondelez International
 Inc.
 Campbell Soup Company
 PepsiCo
 Inc.
 Nestle S.A. and Kellogg Company
 may be able to use their resources and scale to respond to
competitive pressures and changes 
 



 
in consumer preferences by introducing new products
 reducing prices or increasing promotional activities
 among other things. We also compete with other natural and organic packaged food brands
and companies
 including The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
 Newman&#146;s Own
 Inc.
 Nature&#146;s Path Foods
 Inc.
 Clif Bar&nbsp;&amp; Company and Amy&#146;s Kitchen
 and with smaller companies
 which may be more innovative and able to bring new
products to market faster and to more quickly exploit and serve niche markets. Retailers also market competitive products under their own private labels
 which are generally sold at lower prices and compete with some of our products. As a result of
competition
 we may need to increase our marketing
 advertising and promotional spending to protect our existing market share
 which may adversely impact our profitability. We may not have the financial resources to increase such spending when
Failure to introduce new products or improve existing products successfully would adversely affect our ability to continue
A key element of our growth strategy depends on our ability to develop and market new products and
improvements to our existing products that meet our standards for quality and appeal to consumer preferences. The success of our innovation and product development efforts is affected by our ability to anticipate changes in consumer preferences
 the
technical capability of our product development staff in developing and testing product prototypes
 including complying with governmental regulations
 and the success of our management and sales team in introducing and marketing new products.
Failure to develop and market new products that appeal to consumers may lead to a decrease in our growth


 the development and introduction of new products requires substantial research
 development and marketing expenditures
 which we may be unable to recoup if the new products do not gain
widespread market acceptance. Efforts to accelerate our innovation may exacerbate risks associated with innovation. If we are unsuccessful in meeting our objectives with respect to new or improved products
 our business could be harmed. For example
our breakfast cereals line of products did not meet our growth objectives
 and we discontinued it in fiscal 2012. Additionally
 we cannot assure you that our most recent new product introductions
 such as frozen rising crust pizza and macaroni and
cheese microwavable cups
Ingredient and packaging costs are volatile and may
rise significantly
We purchase large quantities of raw
materials
 including ingredients such as wheat and flour
 dairy products
 oils and sugar. In addition
 we purchase and use significant quantities of cardboard
 film and glass to package our products. Costs of ingredients and packaging are volatile
and can fluctuate due to conditions that are difficult to predict
 including global competition for resources
 weather conditions
 consumer demand and changes in governmental trade and agricultural programs. We have experienced two consecutive years
of commodity cost escalation
 and we expect that the cost of certain of our key ingredients will continue to increase. Continued volatility in the prices of raw materials and other supplies we purchase could increase our cost of sales and reduce our
profitability. Moreover
 we may not be able to implement price increases for our products to cover any increased costs
 and any price increases we do implement may result in lower sales volumes. If we are not successful in managing our ingredient
and packaging costs
 if we are unable to increase our prices to cover increased costs or if such price increases reduce our sales volumes
 then such increases in costs will adversely affect our business
 results of operations and financial
Our future business
 results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by reduced availability of
Our ability to ensure a continuing supply of organic and non-GMO ingredients at competitive
prices depends on many factors beyond our control
 such as the number and size of farms that grow organic and non-GMO crops or raise organic livestock
 the vagaries of these farming businesses (including poor harvests)
 changes in national and world
economic conditions and our ability to forecast our ingredient requirements. The 
 



 
ingredients used in many of our products are vulnerable to adverse weather conditions and natural disasters
 such as floods
 droughts
 frosts
 earthquakes
 hurricanes and pestilences. Adverse
weather conditions and natural disasters can lower crop yields and reduce crop size and quality
 which in turn could reduce the available supply of
 or increase the price of
 our ingredients. For example
 in fiscal 2011
 organic wheat and sunflower
oil were in shorter supply than we expected. In addition
 we purchase some ingredients offshore
 and the availability of such ingredients may be affected by events in other countries
 including Colombia
 Paraguay
 Thailand and Brazil. We compete
with other food producers in the procurement of organic ingredients
 which are often less plentiful in the open market than conventional ingredients. This competition may increase in the future if consumer demand for organic products increases. If
regulations are adopted requiring labeling of products that contain genetically modified organisms
 the competition for non-GMO ingredients may increase. If supplies of organic and non-GMO ingredients are reduced or there is greater demand for such
ingredients from us and others
 we may not be able to obtain sufficient supply on favorable terms
 or at all
 which could impact our ability to supply products to distributors and retailers and may adversely affect our business
 results of
We rely on sales to a limited number of distributors and retailers for the substantial majority of
our sales
A substantial
majority of our sales are generated from a limited number of distributors and retailers. For fiscal 2013
 sales to our three largest customers represented approximately 25%
 17% and 11% of our net sales. Although the composition of our significant
distributors and retailers will vary from period to period
 we expect that most of our sales will continue to come from a relatively small number of distributors and retailers for the foreseeable future. We do not have commitments or minimum volumes
that ensure future sales of our products. Consequently
 our financial results may fluctuate significantly from period to period based on the actions of one or more significant distributors or retailers. For example
 in fiscal 2010
 sales to a
significant customer were $3.2 million lower than in fiscal 2009
 which contributed to lower sales growth. A distributor or retailer may take actions that affect us for reasons that we cannot always anticipate or control
 such as their financial
condition
 changes in their business strategy or operations
 the introduction of competing products or the perceived quality of our products. In addition
 despite operating in different channels
 our retailers sometimes compete for the same
consumers. As a result of actual or perceived conflicts resulting from this competition
 retailers may take actions that negatively affect us. Our agreements with our distributors and retailers may be canceled if we materially breach the agreements
or for other reasons
 including reasons outside of our control. In addition
 our distributors and retailers may seek to renegotiate the terms of current agreements or renewals. The loss of
 or a reduction in sales or anticipated sales to
 one or
more of our most significant distributors or retailers may have a material adverse effect on our business


We derive all of our sales from products manufactured at manufacturing facilities owned and operated by our contract manufacturers. During
fiscal 2013
 we paid $77.0 million in the aggregate to our top four contract manufacturers. We do not have written contracts with all of our contract manufacturers
 including Lucerne Foods
 one of our top three contract manufacturers that
manufactures several of our top selling products
 and Peacock Engineering
 our largest packaging partner. Any of our contract manufacturers could seek to alter its relationship with us. If we need to replace a contract manufacturer
 there can be no
assurance that additional capacity will be available when required on acceptable terms
Any interruption in
 or
the loss of operations at
 one or more of our contract manufacturing facilities
 which may be caused by work stoppages
 disease outbreaks or pandemics
 acts of war
 terrorism
 fire
 earthquakes
 flooding or other natural disasters at one or more of
these facilities
 could delay or postpone production of our products
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition
 especially until such time as such interruption is resolved or an
alternate source of production is secured. 
 



The success of our business depends
 in part
 on maintaining a strong manufacturing
platform. We believe there are a limited number of competent
 high-quality contract manufacturers in the industry that meet our strict standards
 and if we were required to obtain additional or alternative contract manufacturing arrangements in the
future
 there can be no assurance that we would be able to do so on satisfactory terms
 in a timely manner or at all. Therefore
 the loss of one or more contract manufacturers
 any disruption or delay at a contract manufacturer
 any inability of a
contract manufacturer to meet our capacity needs or any failure to identify and engage contract manufacturers for new products or increased capacity requirements could delay or postpone production of our products
 which could have a material adverse
effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition. For example
 in the past
 changing the contract manufacturer for one of our product lines took approximately six months to implement. At present
 we do not have back-up contract
manufacturers identified for certain of our product lines
 and the loss of contract manufacturers for any of these product lines would result in our inability to produce and deliver the products to our customers until we could identify and retain an


 we may not be able to obtain raw materials on a timely basis or in sufficient quantities to produce our products. 
We rely on a limited number of vendors to supply us with raw materials. Our financial performance depends in large part on our ability to
arrange for the purchase of raw materials in sufficient quantities at competitive prices. We are not assured of continued supply
 pricing or exclusive access to raw materials from these sources. Any of our suppliers could discontinue or seek to
alter their relationship with us. For example
 we may be adversely affected if they raise their prices
 stop selling to us or our contract manufacturers or enter into arrangements that impair their ability to provide raw materials for us.
Although we have multiple suppliers for cheese
 we have a single manufacturer for the cheese powders used in our products
including macaroni and cheese
 cheddar crackers and snack mix. Products that contain these cheese powders represented a significant portion of our net sales for the periods presented
 and we expect this to continue. Any disruption in the
Events that adversely affect our
suppliers could impair our ability to obtain raw material inventory in the quantities that we desire. Such events include problems with our suppliers&#146; businesses
 finances
 labor relations
 ability to import raw materials
 costs
 production
insurance and reputation
If we experience significant
increased demand for our products
 or need to replace an existing supplier
 there can be no assurance that additional supplies of raw materials will be available when required on acceptable terms
 or at all
 or that any supplier would allocate
sufficient capacity to us in order to meet our requirements
 fill our orders in a timely manner or meet our strict quality standards. Even if our existing suppliers are able to expand their capacity to meet our needs or we are able to find new
sources of raw materials
 we may encounter delays in production
 inconsistencies in quality and added costs. Any delays or interruption in
 or increased costs of
 our supply of raw materials could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet
We may not be able to
protect our intellectual property adequately or may become involved in intellectual property disputes
 which may harm the value of our brand or adversely affect our business
 results of operations and financial condition. 
We believe that our intellectual property has substantial value and has contributed significantly to the success of
our business. Our trademarks
 including our &#147;Annie&#146;s




&#148; marks
 are valuable assets that reinforce our brand and consumers&#146; favorable perception of
our products. We also rely on unpatented proprietary expertise
 recipes and formulations 
 



 
and other trade secrets and copyright protection to develop and maintain our competitive position. Our continued success depends
 to a significant degree
 upon our ability to protect and preserve
our intellectual property
 including our trademarks
 trade dress
 trade secrets and copyrights. We rely on confidentiality agreements and trademark
 trade secret and copyright law to protect our intellectual property rights. 
Our confidentiality agreements with our employees
 and certain of our consultants
 suppliers and independent contractors
 including some
of our contract manufacturers who use our recipes to manufacture our products
 generally require that all information made known to them be kept strictly confidential. Nevertheless
 trade secrets are difficult to protect. Although we attempt to
protect our trade secrets
 our confidentiality agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of our proprietary information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of such information. In addition
 others
may independently discover our trade secrets
 in which case we would not be able to assert trade secret rights against such parties. Further
 some of our recipes and ingredient formulations have been developed by or with our suppliers and contract
manufacturers and are not exclusive to us. Finally
 we do not have written confidentiality agreements with all of our contract manufacturers. As a result
 we may not be able to prevent others from using our recipes or formulations. 
From time to time
 third parties have used names or packaging similar to ours
 have applied to register trademarks similar to ours and
we believe
 have infringed or misappropriated our intellectual property rights. We respond to these actions on a case-by-case basis
 including
 where appropriate
 by sending cease and desist letters and commencing opposition actions and litigation.
We cannot assure you that the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights are adequate
 that our
intellectual property rights can be successfully defended and asserted in the future or that third parties will not infringe upon or misappropriate any such rights or claim that we have infringed upon or misappropriated their intellectual property
rights. In addition
 our trademark rights and related registrations may be challenged in the future and could be canceled or narrowed. Failure to protect our trademark rights could prevent us in the future from challenging third parties who use
names and logos similar to our trademarks
 which may in turn cause consumer confusion or negatively affect consumers&#146; perception of our brand and products. In addition
 if we do not keep our trade secrets confidential
 others may produce
products with our recipes or formulations. Moreover
 intellectual property disputes and proceedings and infringement claims may result in a significant distraction for management and significant expense
 which may not be recoverable regardless of
whether we are successful. Such proceedings may be protracted with no certainty of success
 and an adverse outcome could subject us to liabilities
 force us to cease use of certain trademarks or other intellectual property or force us to enter into
licenses with others. Any one of these occurrences may have a material adverse affect on our business


 environmental or other laws and regulations may disrupt our supply of products and adversely affect
If our suppliers or contract manufacturers fail to comply with food safety
 environmental or other laws
and regulations
 or face allegations of non-compliance
 their operations may be disrupted. Any such failure could also cause us to recall our products. See &#147;&#150;Our voluntary recall of certified organic and made with organic pizza products
has affected our fiscal 2013 financial results and will continue to impact our financial results in future quarters.&#148; For example
 all of our contract manufacturers are required to be certified in the Safe Quality Food Program or the BRC Global
Standard for Food Safety. Additionally
 the USDA requires that our certified organic products be free of genetically modified organisms
 but unavoidable cross-pollination at one of our suppliers may result in genetically modified organisms in our
supply chain. In the event of actual or alleged non-compliance
 we might be forced to find an alternative supplier or contract manufacturer. As a result
 our supply of raw materials or finished inventory could be disrupted or our costs could
increase
 which would adversely affect our business
 results of operations and financial condition. Additionally
 actions we may take to mitigate the impact 
 



 
of any such disruption or potential disruption
 including increasing inventory in anticipation of a potential supply or production interruption
 may adversely affect our business
 results of
Changes in existing regulations and the adoption of new regulations may increase our costs and
otherwise adversely affect our business
The manufacture and marketing
of food products is highly regulated. We and our suppliers and contract manufacturers are subject to a variety of laws and regulations. These laws and regulations apply to many aspects of our business
 including the manufacture
 packaging
 labeling
distribution
 advertising
 sale
 quality and safety of our products


 we are subject to regulation by various government agencies
 including the FDA
 USDA
 Federal Trade Commission
 or FTC
 Occupational Safety and Health Administration and the Environmental
Protection Agency
 as well as various state and local agencies. We are also regulated outside the United States by the Canadian Food Inspection Agency
 as well as Canadian provincial and local agencies. In addition
 we are subject to review by
voluntary organizations
 such as the Council of Better Business Bureaus&#146; National Advertising Division and the Children&#146;s Food and Beverage Advertising Initiative. We could incur costs
 including fines
 penalties and third-party claims
 as
a result of any violations of
 alleged violations of
 or liabilities under
 such requirements. For example
 in connection with the marketing and advertisement of our products
 we could be the target of claims relating to false or deceptive
advertising
Any change in
manufacturing
 labeling or packaging requirements for our products may lead to an increase in costs or interruptions in production
 either of which could adversely affect our operations and financial condition. New or revised government laws and
regulations
 such as the U.S. Food Safety Modernization Act passed in January 2011
 which grants the FDA greater authority over the safety of the national food supply
 as well as increased enforcement by government agencies
 could result in
additional compliance costs and civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 withdrawals
 recalls or seizures and confiscations
 as well as potential criminal sanctions
 any of which may adversely affect our business
 results of operations and
Our brand and reputation may suffer from real or perceived issues involving the labeling and marketing of our
Although the FDA and USDA have each issued statements regarding the appropriate use
of the word &#147;natural
&#148; there is no single
 U.S. government-regulated definition of the term &#147;natural&#148; for use in the food industry. The resulting uncertainty has led to consumer confusion
 distrust and legal challenges.
Plaintiffs have commenced legal actions against a number of food companies that market &#147;natural&#148; products
 asserting false
 misleading and deceptive advertising and labeling claims. Should we become subject to similar claims
 consumers may
avoid purchasing products from us or seek alternatives
 even if the basis for the claim is unfounded. Adverse publicity about these matters may discourage consumers from buying our products. The cost of defending against any such claims could be
significant. Any loss of confidence on the part of consumers in the truthfulness of our labeling or ingredient claims would be difficult and costly to overcome and may significantly reduce our brand value. Uncertainty as to the ingredients used in
our products
 regardless of the cause
 may have a substantial and adverse effect on our brand and our business


 we use annatto as a color additive in certain of our products.&nbsp;Although annatto is a natural substance derived from achiote trees
 in policy statements the FDA takes the position that
annatto is an artificial color additive&nbsp;because it adds a color not normally found in the foods to which it is added.&nbsp;Although we have not received one
 the FDA has issued warning letters to some companies selling products labeled as
natural that contain annatto stating the&nbsp;labels are false and misleading. If we were forced by the FDA to cease the use of annatto in our products
 consumers who demand orange-colored products
 particularly macaroni and cheese
 could stop
buying our products
 which would adversely affect our sales. 
 



The loss of independent certification on which we rely for a number of our products could harm our
We rely on independent certification of our organic products and must comply with the requirements of
independent organizations or certification authorities in order to label our products as such. Certain of our products could lose their &#147;organic&#148; certification if a contract manufacturing plant becomes contaminated with non-organic
materials or if it is not properly cleaned after a production run. The loss of any independent certifications
 including for reasons outside of our control

<FONT

 including increases
in fuel prices
 which would increase our shipping costs
 and employee strikes and inclement weather
 which may impact the ability of providers to provide delivery services that adequately meet our shipping needs. We periodically change shipping
companies
 and we could face logistical difficulties that could adversely affect deliveries. In addition
 we could incur costs and expend resources in connection with such change. Moreover
 we may not be able to obtain terms as favorable as those we
receive from the third-party transportation providers that we currently use


 including inventory levels
 our operating results may be adversely affected. 
The inability of any supplier
 independent contract manufacturer
 third-party distributor or transportation provider to deliver or perform
for us in a timely or cost-effective manner could cause our operating costs to increase and our profit margins to decrease. We must continuously monitor our inventory and product mix against forecasted demand or risk having inadequate supplies to
meet consumer demand as well as having too much inventory on hand that may reach its expiration date and become unsaleable. For example
 in the second quarter of fiscal 2013
 our forecasting and production planning processes underestimated demand
such that we experienced product shortages in our top items. If we are unable to manage our supply chain effectively and ensure that our products are available to meet consumer demand
 our operating costs could increase and our profit margins could
Virtually all of our finished goods inventory is located in one warehouse facility. Any damage or disruption at this facility
would have an adverse effect on our business
Virtually all of our
finished goods inventory is located in one warehouse facility owned and operated by a third party. A natural disaster
 fire
 power interruption
 work stoppage or other unanticipated catastrophic event at this facility would significantly disrupt our
ability to deliver our products and operate our business. If any material amount of our inventory were damaged
 we would be unable to fulfill orders for our products and
 as a result
 our business
 results of operations and financial condition would
We may not be able to successfully implement initiatives to improve productivity and streamline operations to control or reduce
Our profitability can
depend significantly on our efforts to control our operating costs. Because many of our costs
 such as ingredient
 packaging and transportation costs can be affected by factors outside or substantially outside our control
 we seek to control or
reduce costs through operating efficiency or other initiatives. For example
 in fiscal 2013
 we began implementation of a transportation management system
 which we expect to complete in fiscal 2014. Such initiatives
 which we often refer to
internally as &#147;fat rabbit&#148; projects
 are important to our success. If in the future we are not able to identify and complete initiatives designed to control or reduce costs and increase operating efficiency on time or within budget
 our
results of operations could be adversely impacted. In addition
 if the cost savings initiatives we have implemented to date or any future cost-savings initiatives do not generate expected cost savings
 our results of operations could be adversely
affected. 
 



Fluctuations in our results of operations for our second and fourth fiscal quarters and changes in our
promotional activities may impact
 and may have a disproportionate effect on


 we have realized a higher portion of our net sales
 net income and
operating cash flows in our second and fourth fiscal quarters due to our customers&#146; merchandising and promotional activities around the back-to-school and spring seasons. Any factors that harm our second and fourth fiscal quarter operating
results
 including disruptions in our supply chain
 adverse weather or unfavorable economic conditions
 may have a disproportionate effect on our results of operations for the entire fiscal year. 
In order to prepare for our peak seasons
 we must order and maintain higher quantities of inventory than we would carry at other times of
the year. As a result
 our working capital requirements also fluctuate during the year
 increasing in our first and third fiscal quarters in anticipation of our second and fourth fiscal quarters
 respectively. In response to product shortages
experienced in the second quarter of fiscal 2013
 we have significantly increased inventory levels
 particularly in our top-selling items. Any unanticipated decline in demand for our products during our peak seasons could require us to sell excess
inventory at a substantial markdown or write-off goods we are unable to sell


 we offer a variety of sales and promotion incentives to our customers and to consumers
 such as price discounts
 consumer coupons
 volume rebates
 cooperative marketing programs
 slotting
fees and in-store displays. Our net sales are periodically influenced by the efficiency of our trade programs as well as the introduction and discontinuance of sales and promotion incentives. Reductions in overall sales and promotion incentives
Historical
quarter-to-quarter and period-over-period comparisons of our sales and operating results are not necessarily indicative of future fiscal quarter-to-fiscal quarter and period-over-period results. You should not rely on the results of a single fiscal
To the extent our customers purchase product in
excess of consumer consumption in any period
 our sales in a subsequent period may be adversely affected as customers seek to reduce their inventory levels. To the extent customers seek to reduce their usual or customary inventory levels or change
their willingness to purchase product in excess of consumer consumption
From
time to time
 customers may purchase more product than they expect to sell to consumers during a particular time period. Customers may grow their inventory in anticipation of
 or during
 our promotional events
 which typically provide for reduced
prices during a specified time or other customer or consumer incentives. Customers may also grow inventory in anticipation of a price increase for our products. If a customer increases its inventory during a particular reporting period as a result
of a promotional event
 anticipated price increase or otherwise
 then sales during the subsequent reporting period may be adversely impacted as customers seek to reduce their inventory to usual levels. This effect may be particularly pronounced when
the promotional event
 price increase or other event occurs near the end or beginning of a reporting period or when there are changes in the timing of a promotional event
 price increase or similar event
 as compared to the prior year. To the extent
customers seek to reduce their usual or customary inventory levels or change their practices regarding purchases in excess of consumer consumption
 our sales and results of operations would be adversely impacted in that period. 

Our success is substantially dependent on the continued service of certain members of our senior management
 including John M. Foraker
our Chief Executive Officer
 or CEO. These members of senior management have been primarily responsible for determining the strategic direction of our business and for executing our growth strategy and are integral to our brand and culture
 and the
reputation we enjoy with suppliers
 contract manufacturers
 
 



 
distributors
 retailers and consumers. The loss of the services of any of these employees could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects
 as we may not be able to find
suitable individuals to replace them on a timely basis
 if at all. In addition
 any such departure could be viewed in a negative light by investors and analysts
 which may cause the price of our common stock to decline. We do not carry key-person
If we are unable to attract
 train and retain employees
 we may not be able to grow or
Our success depends in part upon our ability to attract
 train and retain a
sufficient number of employees who understand and appreciate our culture and are able to represent our brand effectively and establish credibility with our business partners and consumers. If we are unable to hire and retain employees capable of
meeting our business needs and expectations
 our business and brand image may be impaired. Any failure to meet our staffing needs or any material increase in turnover rates of our employees may adversely affect our business
 results of operations
We rely on information technology systems and any inadequacy
 failure
 interruption or security breach of
We are dependent on various information
technology systems
 including
 but not limited to
 networks
 applications and outsourced services in connection with the operation of our business. A failure of our information technology systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our
business and result in transaction errors
 processing inefficiencies and loss of sales
 causing our business to suffer. In addition
 our information technology systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from circumstances beyond our
control
 including fire
 natural disasters
 systems failures
 viruses and security breaches. Our technology systems are based in Berkeley
 California
 which is prone to earthquakes. To the extent our systems are damaged or interrupted
 and we are
unable to implement an effective recovery plan
In addition
 we sell our
products over the internet through third-party websites
 including those operated by Alice.com and Amazon.com. The website operations of such third parties may be affected by reliance on third-party hardware and software providers
 technology
changes
 risks related to the failure of computer systems through which these website operations are conducted
 telecommunications failures
 electronic break-ins and similar disruptions. Furthermore
 the ability of our third-party partners to
A failure of our
new enterprise resource planning (ERP) system could impact our ability to operate our business
 lead to internal control and reporting weaknesses and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
In fiscal 2013
 we implemented a new ERP information management system to provide for greater depth and breadth of functionality and
effectively manage our business data
 communications
 supply chain
 order entry and fulfillment
 inventory and warehouse management and other business processes. We plan to add additional functionality in the future. A failure of the system to
perform as we anticipate may result in transaction errors
 processing inefficiencies and the loss of sales
 may otherwise disrupt our operations and materially and adversely affect our business
 results of operations and financial condition and may
harm our ability to accurately forecast sales demand
 manage our supply chain and production facilities
 fulfill customer orders and report financial and management information on a timely and accurate basis. In addition
 due to the systemic
internal control features within ERP systems
 we may experience difficulties that may affect our internal control over financial reporting
 which may create a material weakness in our overall internal controls. The risks associated with our new ERP
system are greater for us as a newly public company. 
 



An impairment of goodwill could materially adversely affect our results of operations.
We have significant goodwill related to previous acquisitions
 which amounted to 34.2% of our total assets as of
March&nbsp;31
 2013. Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. In accordance with GAAP
 we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely
than not that the fair value of our sole reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test
 which we perform annually in the fourth fiscal quarter and
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of goodwill may not be recoverable. Future events that may trigger impairment include
 but are not limited to
 significant adverse change in customer demand
 the business
climate or a significant decrease in expected cash flows. When impaired
 the carrying value of goodwill is written down to fair value. In the event an impairment to goodwill is identified
 an immediate charge to earnings would be recorded
 which
would adversely affect our operating results. See &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#151;Critical Accounting Policies&#151;Goodwill.&#148; 

In connection with the repurchase of 500
000 shares of our common stock concurrently with a secondary offering of our common stock in
March 2013
 we borrowed approximately $15.0 million under our credit facility. As of March&nbsp;31
 2013
 we had approximately $7.0 million outstanding under our credit facility with additional borrowing availability of $33.0 million. Subject to the
limitations contained in the credit agreement governing our credit facility
 we may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness from time to time to finance working capital
 capital expenditures
 investments or acquisitions
 or for other
purposes. If we do so
 the risks related to our level of indebtedness
 if any
 could intensify. Specifically
 our level of indebtedness could have important consequences
 including: 






requiring a substantial portion of our cash flow to be dedicated to debt service payments instead of other purposes
 thereby reducing the amount of
cash flow available for working capital
 capital expenditures
 acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 





increasing our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic
 industry and competitive conditions; 






exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates as borrowings under the credit facility will be at variable rates of interest;













limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital
 capital expenditures
 acquisitions or other general corporate
requirements; 





placing us at a disadvantage compared to other
 less leveraged competitors or competitors with comparable debt at more favorable interest rates; and








may decline regardless of our operating performance
The market price
for our common stock is likely to be volatile
 in part because our shares have only been traded publicly since March&nbsp;28
 2012
 and such volatility may be exacerbated by our relatively small public float. In addition
 the market price of our
common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors
 most of which we cannot control
 including: 













 





















the public&#146;s response to press releases or other public announcements by us or third parties
 including our filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission
 or SEC; 





economic
 legal and regulatory factors unrelated to our performance; 






any future guidance we may provide to the public
 any changes in such guidance or any difference between our guidance and actual results;
































future sales of our common stock by our officers
 directors and significant stockholders. 
In addition
 the stock markets
 including the New York Stock Exchange
 have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have
affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. In the past
 stockholders have instituted securities class action litigation following periods of market volatility. If we were involved in securities
litigation
 we could incur substantial costs and our resources and the attention of management could be diverted from our business. 
Future sales of our common stock
 or the perception in the public markets that these sales may occur
 may depress our stock price.
The market price of our common stock could decline significantly as a result of sales of a large number of shares of
our common stock in the market. Such sales
 or the perception that these sales might occur
 could depress the market price of our common stock. These sales
 or the possibility that these sales may occur
 also might make it more difficult for us to
Pursuant to the Amended and Restated
Registration Rights Agreement among us
 Solera and certain of our other stockholders
 dated as of November&nbsp;14
 2005
 some of our stockholders
 including Solera
 have the right to require us to register under the Securities Act of 1933
 as
amended
 or the Securities Act
 shares in our company held by such stockholders. If our existing stockholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market
 or if the public perceives that such sales could occur
 this could have
an adverse impact on the market price of our common stock


 in the future
 we may issue shares of our common stock in connection with investments or acquisitions. The amount of shares of our common stock issued in connection with an investment or acquisition
We will continue to be significantly influenced
by our sponsor
As of March&nbsp;31
 2013
 funds
advised by Solera held approximately 15.1% of our voting power. So long as such funds continue to hold
 directly or indirectly
 shares of common stock representing a significant percentage of the voting power of our common stock
 Solera will have
significant power to influence all matters requiring stockholder approval
 including the election of directors
 amendment of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions
 and will have
significant influence over our management and policies. Solera&#146;s control may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our company or discouraging 
 



 
others from making tender offers for our shares
 which could prevent stockholders from receiving a premium for their shares. The interests of Solera may not always coincide with the interests of
other stockholders
 and Solera may act in a manner that advances its best interests and not necessarily those of our other stockholders. 
Any material weaknesses in our internal controls may impede our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements
 which could cause us
to fail to file our periodic reports timely
 result in inaccurate financial reporting or restatements of our financial statements
 subject our stock to delisting and materially harm our business
 results of operations
 financial condition and stock
As a public company
 we are required to file annual and quarterly periodic reports containing our financial
statements with the SEC within prescribed time periods. As part of the New York Stock Exchange listing requirements
 we are also required to provide our periodic reports
 or make them available
 to our stockholders within prescribed time periods. We
may not be able to produce reliable financial statements or file these financial statements as part of a periodic report in a timely manner with the SEC or comply with the New York Stock Exchange listing requirements. In addition
 we could make
errors in our financial statements that could require us to restate our financial statements. If we are required to restate our financial statements in the future for any reason
 any specific adjustment may be adverse and may cause our results of
operations and financial condition
 as restated
 to be materially adversely impacted. As a result
 we or members of our management could be the subject of adverse publicity
 stockholder lawsuits and investigations and sanctions by regulatory
authorities


 for as long as we remain an &#147;emerging growth company
&#148; or EGC
 as defined in the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012
 or JOBS Act
 we intend to take advantage of the exemption
from the auditor attestation requirements of Section&nbsp;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 or Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 which is applicable to other public companies that are not EGCs. We intend to take advantage of this reporting exemption
 and
possibly other reporting exemptions
 until we are no longer an EGC. We will cease to be an EGC at the earliest of (A)&nbsp;the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues of $1
000
000
000 (as indexed for inflation in
the manner set forth in the Jobs Act) or more; (B)&nbsp;the last day of the fiscal year in which the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of our common stock pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act occurs
(March 31
 2018); (C)&nbsp;the date on which we have
 during the previous 3-year period
 issued more than $1
000
000
000 in non-convertible debt; or (D)&nbsp;the date on which we are deemed to be a &#147;large accelerated filer
&#148; as defined in
Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 or the Exchange Act
Once we
cease to be an EGC
 as of each fiscal year end thereafter
 our independent registered public accounting firm will be required to evaluate and report on our internal controls over financial reporting in the event we are an accelerated filer or large
accelerated filer. To the extent we find material weaknesses in our internal controls
 we may determine that we have ineffective internal controls over financial reporting as of any particular fiscal year end
 and we may receive an adverse
assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting from our independent registered public accounting firm. Moreover
 any material weaknesses or other deficiencies in our internal controls may delay the conclusion of an annual audit or a
review of our quarterly financial results. From time to time
 we have had significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting. While no such deficiency has resulted in a material weakness to date
 any significant deficiency
that is not remediated could
 on its own or in combination with other significant deficiencies


 or if we are not able to obtain the required audit or review of our financial statements by our independent registered public
accounting firm in a timely manner
 we will not be able to comply with the periodic reporting requirements of the SEC and the listing requirements of the New York Stock Exchange. If these events occur
 our common stock listing on the New York Stock
Exchange could be suspended or terminated and our stock price could materially suffer. In addition
 we or members of our management could be subject to investigation and sanction by the SEC and other regulatory

 



 
authorities and to stockholder lawsuits
 which could impose significant additional costs on us
 divert management attention and materially harm our business
 results of operations
 financial
Some of our operating expenses will increase significantly as a result of operating as a public company
 and
Until
March&nbsp;27
 2012
 the effective date of our IPO registration statement on Form S-1
 we operated as a private company. Upon effectiveness
 we became a public company. As a public company
 we have incurred and will continue to incur additional
legal
 accounting
 compliance and other expenses that we had not previously incurred as a private company. We are obligated to file annual and quarterly information and other reports with the SEC as required by the Exchange Act and applicable SEC
rules. We are currently exempt from the auditor attestation requirement of Section&nbsp;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act as an EGC
 therefore we expect our costs as a public company to further increase once such attestation is required. In addition
 we
are subject to other reporting and corporate governance requirements
 including certain requirements of the New York Stock Exchange
 which impose significant compliance obligations upon us. 
The Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the recently enacted Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
 as well as rules subsequently
implemented by the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange
 have imposed increased regulation and disclosure obligations and have required enhanced corporate governance practices of public companies. However
 for so long as we qualify as an EGC under
the JOBS Act
 we may decide to make certain elections that would lessen such obligations. See &#147;&#151;We are an emerging growth company
 and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will
make our common stock less attractive to investors.&#148; Nonetheless
 our efforts to comply with evolving laws
 regulations and standards are likely to result in increased administrative expenses and a diversion of management&#146;s time and
attention from sales-generating activities. These changes will require a significant commitment of additional resources. We may not be successful in implementing these requirements
 and implementing them could materially adversely affect our
business
 results of operations and financial condition. If we do not implement or comply with such requirements in a timely manner
 we might be subject to sanctions or investigation by regulatory authorities
 such as the SEC or the New York Stock
Exchange. Any such action could harm our reputation and the confidence of investors and customers in our company and could materially adversely affect our business and cause our stock price to decline. 
We are an emerging growth company and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make
We are an EGC
 as defined in the JOBS Act
 and we intend to take
advantage of the exemption from the auditor attestation requirements of Section&nbsp;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We intend to take advantage of this reporting exemption
 and possibly other reporting exemptions
 until we are no longer an EGC. We
cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we are relying or may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result
 there may be a less active trading market for our
Although
 the JOBS Act permits an EGC such as us to take advantage of
an extended transition period to comply with new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies
 we are choosing to &#147;opt out&#148; of this provision and
 as a result
 we will comply with new or revised accounting standards as
If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish unfavorable research about our business


our company or fails to publish reports on us regularly
 we could lose visibility in the financial markets
 which in 
 



 
turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. Moreover
 if our operating results do not meet the expectations of the investor community
 one or more of the analysts who cover our
company may change their recommendations regarding our company
Certain provisions of our corporate
governance documents and Delaware law could discourage
 delay or prevent a merger or acquisition at a premium price. 
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that may make the acquisition of
our company more difficult without the approval of our board of directors. These include provisions that: 





authorize the issuance of undesignated preferred stock
 the terms of which may be established and the shares of which may be issued without stockholder
approval
 and which may include voting
 approval
 dividend or other rights or preferences superior to the rights of the holders of our common stock; 



























provide that our board of directors is expressly authorized to make
 alter or repeal our amended and restated bylaws; 






provide that the stockholders can only adopt








establish advance notice requirements for nominations for elections to our board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by
stockholders at stockholder meetings; 













These and other provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could delay
 defer or prevent us from
experiencing a change of control or changes in our board of directors and management and may adversely affect our stockholders&#146; voting and other rights. Our board of directors intends to recommend that our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation be amended to declassify the board of directors at the next annual meeting of stockholders to be held in September 2013. If our stockholders approve such a proposal
 all of our directors would be elected annually and serve one-year
In addition
 we are subject to Section&nbsp;203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law
 which generally prohibits a
Delaware corporation from engaging in any of a broad range of business combinations with a stockholder owning 15% or more of such corporation&#146;s outstanding voting stock for a period of three years following the date on which such stockholder
became an &#147;interested&#148; stockholder. In order for us to consummate a business combination with an &#147;interested&#148; stockholder within three years of the date on which the stockholder became &#147;interested
&#148; either (1)&nbsp;the
business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming &#147;interested&#148; must be approved by our board of directors prior to the date the stockholder became &#147;interested
&#148; (2)&nbsp;the &#147;interested&#148;
stockholder must own at least 85% of our outstanding voting stock at the time the transaction commences (excluding voting stock owned by directors who are also officers and certain employee stock plans) or (3)&nbsp;the business combination must be
approved by our board of directors and authorized by at least two-thirds of our stockholders (excluding the &#147;interested&#148; stockholder). This provision could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control
 whether or not it is
desired by or beneficial to our stockholders. Any delay or prevention of a change of control transaction or changes in our board of directors and management could deter potential acquirers or prevent the completion of a transaction in which our
stockholders could receive a substantial premium over the then-current market price for their shares of our common stock. 
 



 



1610 Fifth Street
 Berkeley
 California pursuant to a lease agreement that expires in February 2019 with an option to extend through February 2021. The approximately 33
500 square foot space includes our corporate headquarters and our sample storage
area. For additional information concerning the lease agreement for our headquarters
 please see Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. We believe that our current facilities are adequate to meet our


time
 we are subject to claims and assessments in the ordinary course of our business. We are not currently a party to any litigation matter that
 individually or in the aggregate
 is expected to have a material adverse effect on our business
financial condition
ITEM&nbsp;4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

 



 




MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#146;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
Our
common stock has been listed on the NYSE under the symbol BNNY since March&nbsp;28
 2012. Prior to that date
 there was no established public trading market for our common stock. The following table sets forth the range of high and low sales prices
on the NYSE of the common stock for the periods indicated
 as reported by the NYSE. Such quotations represent inter dealer prices without retail markup
 markdown
 or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 






































































































































On March&nbsp;28
 2013
 the last day that the NYSE was open for public trading during fiscal 2013
 the
last reported sale price of our common stock on the NYSE was $38.26. As of March&nbsp;31
 2013
 there were 13 holders of record of our common stock. A substantially greater number of stockholders may be &#147;street name&#148; or beneficial holders
whose shares are held of record by banks
 brokers and other financial institutions. 
During fiscal 2012
 we paid cash dividends on our capital stock of $1
518
809 ($0.097 per share) in August 2011
 $2
279
518 ($0.145 per
share) in November 2011 and $9
751
Although
we have paid cash dividends on our capital stock from time to time in the past while we were a privately held company
 we currently expect to retain all future earnings for use in the operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate
paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The declaration and payment of any dividends in the future will be determined by our board of directors
 in its discretion
 and will depend on a number of factors
 including our earnings
 capital
requirements
 overall financial condition and contractual restrictions


information regarding our purchases of common stock
 $0.001 par value per share
 during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013: 






















of Shares
(or


Price&nbsp;Paid&nbsp;
per


(c)&nbsp;Total&nbsp;Number&nbsp;




(d)&nbsp;Maximum&nbsp;Number&nbsp;




January&nbsp;1
 2013 - January&nbsp;31
 2013

















February&nbsp;1
 2013 - February&nbsp;28
 2013




















March&nbsp;1
 2013 - March&nbsp;31
 2013



500











500






























500
000







500
000
























 



 



Pursuant to the Repurchase Agreement
 publicly announced
 whereby the Company entered into an agreement with Solera Partners
 L.P. and SCI Partners
 L.P. to repurchase
shares of its common stock
 concurrently with the closing of its secondary offering on March&nbsp;18
Stock Price
This performance graph shall not be deemed &#147;soliciting material&#148; or to be &#147;filed&#148;
with the Securities and Exchange Commission for purposes of Section&nbsp;18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 or the Exchange Act
 or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section
 and shall not be deemed to be
incorporated by reference into any filing of Annie&#146;s
 Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended


 or the NYSE Composite and (ii)&nbsp;the Russell 3000 Index
 or
the Russell 3000 for the period from March&nbsp;28
 2012 (the date our common stock commenced trading on the NYSE) through March&nbsp;31
 2013. Although our common stock was initially listed at $19.00 per share on the date our common stock was first
listed on the NYSE
 March&nbsp;28
 2012
 the $19.00 price is not reflected in the graph. Instead
 the figures represented below assume an investment of $100 in our common stock at the closing price of $35.92 on March&nbsp;28
 2012 and in the NYSE
Composite and the Russell 3000 on March&nbsp;28
 2012 and the reinvestment of dividends into shares of common stock. The comparisons in the table are required by the SEC and are not intended to forecast or be indicative of possible future
performance of our common stock. 

 
 



 
The following selected consolidated financial data should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and accompanying
notes and &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#148; appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-K. The selected consolidated financial data in this section is not intended to replace our


 2013
 2012 and 2011 and the consolidated balance sheets data as of March&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012 from our
audited consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this filing. The consolidated statements of operations data for the fiscal years ended March&nbsp;31
 2010 and 2009 and the consolidated balance sheets data as of March&nbsp;31
 2011
2010 and 2009 have been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements not included in this filing. 


























Fiscal Year Ended March&nbsp;31






















(in thousands
 except share and per share amounts)



























169
977



141
304



117
616



96
015



93
643





104
566



85
877



71
804



63
083



64
855



























65
411



55
427



45
812



32
932



28
788
























Selling
 general and administrative expenses


45
461



36
195



30
674



25
323



25
693









1
300







































45
461



37
495



30
674



25
323



25
693



























19
950



17
932



15
138



7
609



3
095

















(1
207



(1
279


Other income (expense)
 net






(1
594







































19
869



16
177



14
408



6
423



1
527





8
318



6
588



(5
747



































11
551



9
589



20
155



6
023



1
471











































(1
865



























11
551



9
589



20
155



6
023































11
551

































































11
551












































































































































































 





























Fiscal Year Ended March&nbsp;31






















(in thousands
 except share and per share amounts)






































































































































Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding used in computing net income (loss) per share attributable to common
stockholders&#151;Basic


17
129
334



469
089



461
884



461
248



461
154


Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding used in computing net income (loss) per share attributable to common
stockholders&#151;Diluted


17
707
839



1
111
088



1
201
125



899
539



766
290









































































Fiscal Year Ended March&nbsp;31


















































21
102



17
183



15
787



7
975









25
765



21
315



16
560



9
277



4
407







March&nbsp;31


















































4
930







7
333



8
550



3
693





31
925



16
427



13
035



16
538



13
195





90
212



72
429



67
261



58
794



53
612





7
007



12
796







5
856



5
713









2
157





















81
373



81
373



81
373



81
373





65
929



(34
436



(30
148



(38
173



(41
620





In November 2008
 we sold Fantastic
 a manufacturer of instant soups and packaged meals
 to an unrelated third party for $1.7 million
 net of working capital
adjustments. We considered Fantastic a business component
 and thus
 the results of operations of Fantastic are separately reported as discontinued operations in fiscal 2009. The loss on sale of Fantastic is reported as a loss on sale of
discontinued operations in fiscal 2009. 



Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders for fiscal years prior to fiscal 2013 was allocated using the two-class method since our capital structure
included common stock and convertible preferred stock with participating rights. Under the two-class method
 we reduced income from continuing operations by (i)&nbsp;the dividends paid to convertible preferred stockholders and (ii)&nbsp;the rights
of the convertible preferred stockholders in any undistributed earnings based on the relative percentage of weighted average shares of outstanding convertible preferred stock to the total number of weighted average shares of outstanding common and
convertible preferred stock. Under the two-class method
 during any period in which we had income from continuing operations
 the income from continuing operations and the loss from discontinued operations were allocated between the common and
preferred stockholders. 
 






EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are not financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. As used herein
 EBITDA represents net income (loss) plus interest expense
provision for (benefit from) income taxes and depreciation and amortization. As used herein
 Adjusted EBITDA represents EBITDA plus impact on net sales
 cost of sales and selling
 general and administrative expenses due to product recall; secondary
offering costs; stock-based compensation; loss from discontinued operations; loss from sale of discontinued operations; management fees; advisory agreement termination fee; and change in fair value of convertible preferred stock warrant liability.




We present EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA because we believe each of these measures provides an additional metric to evaluate our operations and
 when considered with both
our GAAP results and the reconciliation to net income (loss) set forth below
 provides a more complete understanding of our business than could be obtained absent this disclosure. We use EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA
 together with financial measures
prepared in accordance with GAAP
 such as sales and net income
 to assess our historical and prospective operating performance
 to provide meaningful comparisons of operating performance across periods
 to enhance our understanding of our core
operating performance and to compare our performance to that of our peers and competitors. 



EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are presented because we believe they are useful to investors in assessing the operating performance of our business without the effect of
non-cash depreciation and amortization expenses and
 in the case of Adjusted EBITDA
 the adjustments described above. 



EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation or as alternatives to net income (loss)
 income from operations or any other measure of financial
performance calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. Neither EBITDA nor Adjusted EBITDA should be considered as a measure of discretionary cash available to us to invest in the growth of our business. Our Adjusted EBITDA may not be
comparable to similarly titled measures of other organizations because other organizations may not calculate Adjusted EBITDA in the same manner as we do. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA should not be construed as an inference that our future
results will be unaffected by the expenses that are excluded from that term or by unusual or non-recurring items. We recognize that both EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA have limitations as analytical financial measures. For example
 neither EBITDA nor
Adjusted EBITDA reflects: 












the interest expense
 or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments
 associated with indebtedness;






depreciation and amortization
 which are non-cash charges
 although the assets being depreciated and amortized will likely have to be replaced in the
future
 nor does EBITDA or Adjusted EBITDA reflect any cash requirements for such replacements; and 





changes in
 or cash requirements for
 our working capital needs. 
 



The following table provides a reconciliation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA to net income
(loss)
 which is the most directly comparable financial measure presented in accordance with GAAP. 


























Fiscal Year Ended March&nbsp;31




























11
551



9
589



&nbsp;20
155



&nbsp;6
023





















1
207



1
279





8
318



6
588



(5
747













1
065











































21
102



17
183



15
787



7
975









1
096





















1
080











































1
239





















1
064



























































1
865































1
300





















1
726







































25
765



21
315



 16
560



 9
277



4
407




























Represents impact on net sales
 as adjusted for $0.4 million recovery from insurance as of May&nbsp;31
 2013
 cost of sales and selling
 general and administrative
expenses due to voluntary product recall announced in January 2013. 




Represents secondary offerings costs for two rounds of secondary offerings closed on August&nbsp;6
 2012 and March&nbsp;18
 2013 in which certain stockholders including
Solera sold shares of common stock. The Company did not receive any proceeds from these secondary offerings. 




Represents non-cash
 stock-based compensation expense. 




Represents management fees and advisory agreement termination fee payable to Solera pursuant to an agreement. The agreement was terminated upon the consummation of our
IPO in exchange for a payment of $1.3 million. 




Represents non-cash charge due to the increase in fair value of a warrant to purchase 65
000 shares of our convertible preferred stock. See Note 9 to our consolidated
financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 



Total debt includes the outstanding principal balance of our term loan
 which was repaid in August 2010
 and outstanding borrowings on our credit facility.

 







The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ
materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors
 including those set forth in &#147;Risk Factors&#148; and &#147;Forward-Looking Statements.&#148; The following discussion of our financial condition
and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K
 as well as the information presented under &#147;Selected Financial Data.&#148; 
Annie&#146;s
Inc. is a natural and organic food company with a widely recognized brand
 offering consumers great-tasting products in large packaged foods categories. We sell premium products made from high-quality ingredients at affordable prices. We have the #1
natural and organic market position in four product lines: macaroni and cheese
 snack crackers


 mass merchandiser and natural retailer channels. We
offer over 135 products and are present in over 26
Our net sales are
derived primarily from the sale of meals
 snacks
 dressings
 condiments and other products under the Annie&#146;s Homegrown and Annie&#146;s Naturals brand names. We have experienced strong growth
 driven by our meals and snacks categories
resulting from our focus on supporting our best-selling items and the introduction of new products in these categories. We have reduced our offerings in our dressings and condiments lines and discontinued our cereal product line in the fourth
quarter of fiscal 2012
Gross
profit is net of cost of sales
 which consists of the costs of ingredients in the manufacture of products
 contract manufacturing fees
 inventory write-off
 packaging costs and in-bound freight charges. Ingredients account for the largest portion of
the cost of sales
Our selling
 general and administrative
expenses consist primarily of marketing and advertising expenses
 freight and warehousing
 wages
 related payroll and employee benefit expenses
 stock-based compensation
 commissions to outside sales representatives
 legal and professional fees
travel expenses
 other facility related costs
 such as rent and depreciation
 and consulting expenses. The primary components of our marketing and advertising expenses include trade advertising
 samples
 consumer events
 sales data
 consumer
research and search engine and digital advertising. 
We first began shipping organic frozen pizza in January 2012 and made with organic frozen pizza first shipped during second quarter of
fiscal 2013. In January 2013
 we announced a voluntary product recall of our certified organic and made with organic pizza products. The voluntary product recall was a result of our contract manufacturer for pizza crusts identifying small metal
fragments in the pizza dough during a manufacturing run and in some finished pizza crusts made on the same day. We immediately halted production and began investigating the issue. Soon thereafter
 we determined that the small metal fragments
originated at the third-party flour mill from where we source our pizza flour. We then initiated a recall of all lots of pizza product manufactured with this supplier&#146;s flour from our first purchase from the supplier in May 2012. 
Direct costs of the voluntary product recall include customer and consumer returns
 costs associated with returned product
 costs
incurred by our contract manufacturers
 incremental costs associated with short-term sourcing of replacement flour
 destruction charges and inventory write-off
 retailer margin and customer fees and incentives. We also incurred administrative costs
such as legal expenses
 accounting fees and public relations expenses. 
 



As a result of the voluntary product recall
 we recorded charges that negatively impacted
our net sales and net income by $1.1 million and $1.4 million
 respectively
 for the fiscal year ended March&nbsp;31
 2013
 including the impact of $0.4 million recovered
 as of May&nbsp;31
 2013
 from the insurance related to customer returns. The
recorded charges are estimated and based on information available to us when we recorded the charges. We have recovered a portion of the recall-related costs from our product recall insurance and expect to recover additional amounts from our
insurance or the third-party flour mill. Recoveries are recorded to offset the charges once recovery is probable. We expect the effects of the voluntary product recall to continue to be reflected in our financial statements over the next few
During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013
 we restarted the production of our certified organic and made with
organic pizza products using flour from an alternative supplier with which we have a long-standing relationship and began shipping replacement product into distributors and retailers in February 2013 in order to replenish retail shelves and
inventories. As of April 2013


marketing and distribution of natural and organic food products. Our chief executive officer is considered to be our chief operating decision maker. He reviews our operating results on an aggregate basis for purposes of allocating resources and
evaluating financial performance. 
The following trends in
our business have driven top-line growth over the past three years: 



















our continued innovation
 including adding new flavors and sizes to existing lines and introducing new product lines; and 






greater consumer demand for natural and organic food products and increasing awareness of the Annie&#146;s brand and our offerings.
Over the past three years
 we have significantly increased both the number of retail locations where our
products can be found and the number of our products found in individual stores. From time to time
 we review our product lines to remove items not meeting our sales or profitability expectations and to make room for new products. We expect that
increasing penetration of the mainstream grocery and mass merchandiser channels
 combined with greater brand awareness
 new product introductions and line extensions and favorable consumer trends
 will continue to fuel our sales growth in all
We offer a variety of sales and promotion incentives to our customers and to consumers
 such as price discounts
consumer coupons
 volume rebates
 cooperative marketing programs
 slotting fees and in-store displays. Our net sales are periodically influenced by the efficiency of trade promotions and the introduction and discontinuance of sales and promotion


 despite increasing
volatility in commodity prices
 our gross margin has benefited each year from a combination of commodity management practices
 productivity improvements
 cost reductions in our supply chain and price increases. 
 



We purchase finished products from our contract manufacturers. With an industry-wide
commodity cost escalation starting in fiscal 2008
 we became more directly involved in the sourcing of the ingredients for our products. This allowed us to consolidate ingredient sourcing across contract manufacturers in order to negotiate more
favorable pricing on ingredients and
 in some cases
 to lock in ingredient pricing for typically six to twelve months through non-cancelable purchase commitments
 directly or through contract manufacturers. We have increased the percentage of our
cost of sales represented by these contracted ingredients from an estimated 5% in fiscal 2008 to approximately 31% in fiscal 2013. These efforts mitigated the impact of volatile and increasing commodity costs on our business. We plan to continue to
expand our portfolio of contracted ingredients and negotiate pricing agreement for future purchases to allow us sufficient time to respond to changes in our ingredient costs over time. 
Over the past three years
 we have invested significant time and energy to improve gross margins and achieve permanent cost reductions
and productivity improvements in our supply chain. These efficiency projects have focused on selecting more cost-effective contract manufacturers
 negotiating lower tolling fees
 consolidating in-bound freight
 leveraging warehouse expense and
reducing ingredient and packaging costs through increased volume buys
 contract consolidation
 direct purchasing and price negotiation. To further drive these initiatives
 we plan to selectively invest capital for the purchase of equipment to be
used by certain of our contract manufacturers to drive down costs
 improve throughput and improve product quality. In fiscal 2013
 we invested approximately $1.3 million in manufacturing equipment
 which is located at the facilities of our contract
Our gross margins have also benefited from the impact of price increases taken over
the past three years. We typically effect new pricing to our customers annually or semi-annually. We consider many factors when evaluating pricing action
 including cost of sales increases
 competitive pricing strategy
 elasticity and the
price-value equation to our consumers. We have historically been able to execute price increases to cover higher ingredient costs. We believe this is due to our strong brand loyalty and our perceived value relative to competitive products.
Our new product introductions tend to have a lower margin than our established products due to the small initial production
run sizes
 and if our new product introductions accelerate or&nbsp;reflect a larger percentage of our net sales


We have made
significant investments in headcount and infrastructure over the past three years which have resulted in higher selling
 general and administrative expenses. In addition
 we have incurred higher general and administrative expenses related to
operating as a public company. Selling
 general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales have benefited slightly over the past three years from lower freight and warehousing costs and selling expenses. Marketing expenses have
remained relatively flat as a percentage of net sales but are expected to increase in the future as we invest to support new product releases and drive greater brand awareness
 attract new customers and increase household penetration. 
To support our growth
 we continue to increase headcount
 particularly in the sales
 marketing and innovation departments. This increased
headcount will drive higher payroll and employee-related expenses as well as higher stock-based compensation expense. We also continue to invest in product development to support innovation and fuel sales growth and in information technology to
increase productivity. We expect our selling
 general and administrative expenses to continue to increase in absolute dollars as we incur increased costs related to the growth of our business and our operation as a public company. We expect selling
general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales to decrease slightly over time as sales increase and we lap investments made to support our growth. 
 





 such as increases in the cost of sales and selling
 general and administrative expenses
 may adversely affect our operating results. Although we do not believe that inflation has had
a material impact on our financial position or results of operations to date
 a high rate of inflation in the future may have an adverse effect on our ability to maintain current levels of gross margin and selling
 general and administrative
Results of
The following table sets forth items included in our consolidated statements of operations in dollars and as a
percentage of net sales for the periods presented: 






























Fiscal Year ended March&nbsp;31




























(in thousands
 except for percentages)





169
977



141
304



117
616

















104
566



85
877



71
804











































65
411



55
427



45
812








































Selling
 general and administrative expenses


45
461



36
195



30
674





















1
300















































45
461



37
495



30
674











































19
950



17
932



15
138








































Other income (expense)
 net






(1
594















































19
869



16
177



14
408

















8
318



6
588



(5
747











































11
551



9
589



20
155







































































Fiscal Year ended March&nbsp;31




























(in thousands
 except for percentages)































79
270



60
624



49
168

















66
844



56
789



44
687














Dressings
 condiments and other


23
863



23
891



23
761











































169
977



141
304



117
616







































Our discussion of our results of operations in this Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K includes certain
adjusted net sales
 gross profit and gross margin figures that exclude the impact of our voluntary product recall of pizza products announced in January 2013. These figures are non-GAAP financial measures. We calculate these non-GAAP figures by
eliminating the impact of our voluntary product recall
 which we do not consider indicative of our ongoing operations. We believe these non-GAAP figures provide additional information to facilitate the comparison of our past and present financial
results and better visibility into our normal operating results by isolating the effects of the voluntary product recall. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as alternatives to GAAP financial measures and
investors should not rely on any single financial measure to evaluate our business. 
 



Fiscal Year Ended March&nbsp;31
 2013 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended March&nbsp;31
 2012























Fiscal&nbsp;Year&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;March&nbsp;31






















(in thousands
 except for percentages)





79
270



60
624



18
646









66
844



56
789



10
055






Dressings
 condiments and other


23
863



23
891































169
977



141
304



28
673























Net sales increased $28.7 million
 or 20.3%
 to $170.0 million in fiscal 2013 compared to $141.3 million
in fiscal 2012. Net sales for fiscal 2013 included a $1.1 million reduction
 net of recovery from insurance of $0.4 million
 as of May&nbsp;31
 2013
 due to voluntary recall of our certified organic and made with organic pizza products. The net
sales increase was primarily driven by volume with approximately 300 basis points of growth driven by higher average selling prices. Distribution gains and our mainline placement initiative contributed to the volume increase
 primarily impacting
The increase in net sales reflects an $18.6 million and a $10.1 million
increase in net sales of meals and snacks
 respectively. The increase in meals was predominantly driven by strong growth in natural macaroni and cheese products. The increase in snacks was primarily due to growth in our fruit snacks
 mixed snacks
grahams
 crackers and snack mix product lines. The dressings
 condiments and other category remained flat in fiscal 2013
 reflecting high single digit growth in dressings offset by the discontinuance of our cereal line in fiscal 2012. 
Excluding the impact of our voluntary product recall
 our net sales would have increased $29.8 million
 or 21.1%
 to $171.1 million
during fiscal 2013 compared to $141.3 million during fiscal 2012. 























Fiscal&nbsp;Year&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;March&nbsp;31






















(in thousands
 except for percentages)





104
566



85
877



18
689



























65
411



55
427



9
984



























































Gross profit increased $10.0 million
 or 18.0%
 to $65.4 million in fiscal 2013 from $55.4 million in
fiscal 2012. The increase in gross profit was primarily driven by increase in net sales


million increase in cost of sales associated with our January 2013 voluntary product recall. The estimated costs associated with the voluntary product recall included a finished goods inventory write-off of $0.5 million
 and raw material and
Excluding the
impact of the voluntary product recall
 our gross profit would have increased $12.2 million
 or 21.9%
 to $67.6 million for fiscal 2013 from $55.4 million for fiscal 2012 and gross margin would have increased 0.3 percentage points to 39.5% from
39.2% during fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012 due to higher average selling prices and the cumulative benefit of various cost reduction initiatives
 which were partially offset by higher commodity costs. 
 



 























Fiscal&nbsp;Year&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;March&nbsp;31






















(in thousands
 except for percentages)




















Selling
 general and administrative expenses


45
461



36
195



9
266













1
300



(1
300



























45
461



37
495



7
966























Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses 
Selling
 general and administrative expenses increased $9.3 million
 or 25.6%
 to $45.5 million in fiscal 2013
 from $36.2 million in
fiscal 2012. This increase was due primarily to an increase in payroll expense resulting from increased headcount to support our growth and operations as a public company. Additionally
 public company-related expenses impacted selling
 general and
administrative expenses during fiscal 2013 compared with fiscal 2012. Further
 during fiscal 2013
 we incurred $1.2 million for legal
 accounting and printing costs and various other fees associated with the registration and sale of common stock
sold by certain stockholders
 including Solera
 in connection with two secondary public offerings. We did not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares by the selling stockholders in these secondary public offerings. Selling
 general and
administrative expenses during fiscal 2013 also included $0.2 million administrative costs associated with the voluntary product recall. As a percentage of net sales
 selling
 general and administrative expenses increased 1.1 percentage points to
26.7% in fiscal 2013 from 25.6% in fiscal 2012. 
In fiscal 2012
 we incurred a one-time fee of $1.3 million to Solera in connection with the termination of its advisory services agreement
with us. 






















Fiscal&nbsp;Year&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;March&nbsp;31






















(in thousands
 except for percentages)





19
950



17
932



2
018









































As a result of the factors above
 income from operations increased $2.0 million
 or 11.3%
 to $20.0
million in fiscal 2013 from $18.0 million in fiscal 2012. Income from operations as a percentage of net sales decreased 1.0 percentage points to 11.7% in fiscal 2013
 from 12.7% in fiscal 2012. 























Fiscal&nbsp;Year&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;March&nbsp;31






















(in thousands
 except for percentages)





































Interest expense during fiscal 2013 primarily related to non-cash imputed interest expense related to the
financing of product formulas acquired in fiscal 2012. Interest expense during fiscal 2012 consisted of expense related to borrowings under our revolving line of credit. 
 



Other Income (Expense)
 Net 























Fiscal&nbsp;Year&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;March&nbsp;31






















(in thousands
 except for percentages)


Other income (expense)
 net






(1
594



1
681























Other income (expense)
 net during fiscal 2013 primarily reflects royalty income. Other income (expense)
net during fiscal 2012 primarily reflects a non-recurring
 non-cash charge of $1.7 million related to the increase in the fair value of our convertible preferred stock warrant liability partially offset by royalty income. 























Fiscal&nbsp;Year&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;March&nbsp;31






















(in thousands
 except for percentages)





8
318



6
588



1
730









































Our provision for income taxes was $8.3 million in fiscal 2013 compared to $6.6 million in fiscal 2012.
Our effective tax rate for fiscal 2013 was 41.9% compared to 40.7% for fiscal 2012. The higher tax rate in fiscal 2013 reflects a permanent tax difference resulting from $1.2 million in secondary offerings costs incurred in fiscal 2013. 























Fiscal&nbsp;Year&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;March&nbsp;31






















(in thousands
 except for percentages)





11
551



9
589



1
962























As a result of the factors above
 net income increased $2.0 million
 or 20.5%
 to $11.6 million in fiscal
Fiscal Year Ended March&nbsp;31
 2012 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended March&nbsp;31
 2011























Fiscal&nbsp;Year&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;March&nbsp;31






















(in thousands
 except for percentages)





60
624



49
168



11
456









56
789



44
687



12
102






Dressings
 condiments and other


23
891



23
761































141
304



117
616



23
688























Net sales increased $23.7 million
 or 20.1%
 to $141.3 million in fiscal 2012 compared to $117.6 million
in fiscal 2011. This increase primarily reflects a $12.1 million and an $11.5 million increase in net sales of snacks and meals
 respectively. The increase in meals was driven by strong growth in the macaroni and cheese product line partially offset
by lower sales of pasta meals due to reduced offerings. The dressings
 condiments and other 
 



 
held relatively flat across each category. Distribution gains also contributed to net sales growth
 primarily in the mainstream grocery and mass merchandiser channels. The net sales increase was
Gross
Profit 






















Fiscal&nbsp;Year&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;March&nbsp;31






















(in thousands
 except for percentages)





85
877



71
804



14
073



























55
427



45
812



9
615



























































Gross profit increased $9.6 million
 or 21.0%
 to $55.4 million in fiscal 2012 from $45.8 million in
fiscal 2011. Gross margin increased 0.2 percentage points to 39.2% in fiscal 2012
 from 39.0% in fiscal 2011. The increase in net sales was the primary driver of the increase in gross profit. Cost reduction initiatives also contributed to the higher
gross profit
 although to a lesser extent than higher net sales. Higher commodity and other cost of sales were offset by price increases and cost reduction initiatives
 primarily the negotiation of lower tolling fees from a key contract
manufacturer. 






















Fiscal&nbsp;Year&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;March&nbsp;31






















(in thousands
 except for percentages)




















Selling
 general and administrative expenses


36
195



30
674



5
521









1
300







1
300



























37
495



30
674



6
821























Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses 
Selling
 general and administrative expenses increased $5.5 million
 or 18.0%
 to $36.2 million in fiscal 2012
 from $30.7 million in
fiscal 2011. This increase was due primarily to a $1.6 million increase in wages and salary expense
 due to increasing headcount to support our growth
 and a $1.1 million increase in professional services due to increased spending on legal
accounting and auditing services in connection with our preparation to become a public company. As a percentage of net sales
 selling
 general and administrative expenses decreased 0.5 percentage points to 25.6% in fiscal 2012
 from 26.1% in fiscal

























Fiscal&nbsp;Year&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;March&nbsp;31






















(in thousands
 except for percentages)





17
932



15
138



2
794










































 



As a result of the factors above
 income from operations increased $2.8 million
 or 18.5%
to $17.9 million in fiscal 2012
 from $15.1 million in fiscal 2011. Income from operations as a percentage of net sales decreased 0.2 percentage points to 12.7% in fiscal 2012
 from 12.9% in fiscal 2011. 























Fiscal&nbsp;Year&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;March&nbsp;31






















(in thousands
 except for percentages)





































Interest expense decreased $0.7 million to $0.2 million in fiscal 2012 from $0.9 million in fiscal 2011.
The decrease in interest expense was primarily due to lower interest expense resulting from repayment of the term loan in August 2010 and decreased average borrowings on our credit facility during fiscal 2012 offset by higher interest rates in
Other Income (Expense)
 Net 























Fiscal&nbsp;Year&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;March&nbsp;31






















(in thousands
 except for percentages)


Other income (expense)
 net


(1
594







(1
749























Other income (expense)
 net increased $1.8 million to $1.6 million in expense in fiscal 2012 from $0.2
million in income in fiscal 2011. Other income (expense)
 net primarily reflects a non-recurring
 non-cash charge of $1.7 million related to the increase in the fair value of our convertible preferred stock warrant liability offset by royalty
income. 























Fiscal&nbsp;Year&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;March&nbsp;31






















(in thousands
 except for percentages)





6
588



(5
747



12
335









































Our provision for income taxes was $6.6 million in fiscal 2012 compared to a benefit of $5.7 million in
fiscal 2011. The benefit in fiscal 2011 was the result of a reversal of our valuation allowance on net deferred tax assets of $11.3 million net of a provision for income taxes related to earnings for the period. 
As of March&nbsp;31
 2010
 we recorded a valuation allowance for the full amount of the net deferred tax assets as we had assessed our
cumulative loss position and determined that the future benefits were not more likely than not to be realized as of these dates. Due to our profitability during fiscal 2011 and projected operating results
 we determined during fiscal 2011 that it
was more likely than not that the deferred tax assets would be realized
 and we therefore released substantially all of the valuation allowance. This resulted in our recording a tax benefit during fiscal 2011. 
Our effective tax rate for fiscal 2012 was 40.7% and differs from the federal statutory rate primarily due to state income taxes and the
impact of a significant permanent tax difference resulting from a $1.7 million non-cash charge in fiscal 2012 due to an increase in the fair value of our convertible preferred stock warrant liability. The effective tax rate for fiscal 2012 is not
comparable to the rate for fiscal 2011 primarily due to the valuation allowance reversal recorded in fiscal 2011. 
 



 























Fiscal&nbsp;Year&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;March&nbsp;31






















(in thousands
 except for percentages)





9
589



20
155



(10
566























As a result of the factors above
 net income decreased $10.6 million
 or 52.4%
 to $9.6 million in fiscal


 we have experienced greater net sales in the second and fourth fiscal quarters than in the first and third fiscal quarters due to our customers&#146; merchandising and promotional activities
around the back-to-school and spring seasons. Concurrently
 inventory levels and working capital requirements increase during the first and third fiscal quarters of each fiscal year to support higher levels of net sales in the subsequent quarters.
We anticipate that this seasonal impact on our net sales and working capital is likely to continue. In fiscal 2013
 27.5% and 31.0% of our net sales
 27.4% and 31.6% of our gross profit and 31.9% and 38.4% of our operating income were generated in
the second and fourth fiscal quarters
 respectively. Accordingly


statement of operations data for the eight fiscal quarters ended March&nbsp;31
 2013 has been prepared on a basis consistent with our audited annual consolidated financial statements and includes
 in the opinion of management
 all normal recurring
adjustments necessary for a fair statement of the financial information contained herein. The following quarterly data should be read together with our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.















































Mar. 31



Dec. 31






June&nbsp;30



Mar. 31



Dec. 31






June&nbsp;30





(in thousands
 except for share and per share amounts)





52
715



36
283



46
686



34
293



42
984



30
838



38
872



28
610





32
027



23
267



28
786



20
486



25
843



18
275



24
737



17
022







































20
688



13
016



17
900



13
807



17
141



12
563



14
135



11
588







































7
587



2
320



6
357



3
605



3
591



3
734



6
069



2
783







































4
234



1
401



3
785



2
131



1
929



2
232



3
616



1
812







































4
234



1
401



3
785



2
131




























































































































































































Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding used in computing net income per share attributable to common
stockholders&#151;Basic


17
262
253



17
249
536



17
070
327



16
936
007



474
781



471
554



465
045



464
994




































Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding used in computing net income per share attributable to common
stockholders&#151;Diluted


17
724
131



17
781
720



17
702
516



17
600
908



1
160
185



1
037
657



1
018
359



1
236
410




































 



In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013
 we recorded a $124
000 for reversal of excess net
sales reserved
 a $350
000 for recovery from insurance
 a $390
000 for incremental cost of sales and $171
000 for administrative costs associated with the January 2013 voluntary product recall. Additionally
 in the third quarter of fiscal 2013
 we
recorded $1
570
000 for reduction in net sales and $690


 we recorded $535
000 and $704
000 for secondary offering costs


 and the fourth
 second and first quarters of fiscal 2012
 we recorded non-cash charges of $13
000
 $1
188
000
 $20
000
 and $518
000
 respectively
 due to the increase
In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012
 we recorded a one-time fee of
$1
300
Liquidity and Capital Resources















March&nbsp;31



















4
930






Accounts receivable
 net


20
015



11
870





4
342













1
305





12
021



7
452






31
925



16
427







 we have generally financed these needs with cash from operations and borrowings under our credit facility. We typically
take advantage of accelerated payment discounts offered to us by our vendors
Our principal
sources of liquidity are our cash and accounts receivable. Our cash balance increased by $4.4 million during fiscal 2013. In fiscal 2013
 we generated $8.7 million cash from operations. Our working capital was $31.9 million at March&nbsp;31
 2013
an increase of $15.5 million from $16.4 million at the end of fiscal 2012. The increase was due primarily to an increase in accounts receivable of $8.1 million
 an increase in inventory of $4.9 million
 a decrease in related-party payable of $1.3
million
We
have a credit facility with Bank of America
 N.A.
 which provides for revolving loans and letters of credit up to $40.0 million and is available to us through August 2016. We have historically generated cash from our operations
 however
 there can
be no assurance that our operations will continue to generate cash flows in the future. We use cash generated from our operations to fund our ongoing operations including business expansion and growth. We believe that our cash
 cash flow from


 we invested approximately $2.8 million in property and equipment and in fiscal 2014 we expect our capital expenditures to be approximately $2.5 million to $3.0 million. 
 



The following table sets forth
 for the periods indicated
 our beginning balance of cash
net cash flows provided by (used in) operating
 investing and financing activities and our ending balance of cash: 


















Fiscal Year Ended March&nbsp;31


























7
333



8
550





8
723



1
291



18
238





(2
766



(3
538









(1
589



(4
524



(18
569



















4
930







7
333
















Our operating activities in fiscal 2013 provided $8.7 million of cash primarily due to our net income of $11.6 million
 which included
non-cash charges totaling $2.8 million
 comprised primarily of a $1.1 million for depreciation and amortization
 a $1.1 million for stock-based compensation
 a $0.5 million increase in inventory reserves due to inventory write-off associated with
the product recall and a $0.1 million in accretion of imputed interest on purchase of product formulas. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided an additional $2.2 million of net cash
 which primarily comprised of a $8.3 million increase
in accrued expenses
 a $3.9 million increase in income tax receivable
 a $3.4 million increase in accounts payable and a $1.5 million increase in prepaid expenses
 other current and non-current assets offset by a $8.1 million increase in accounts
receivable
 a $5.4 million increase in inventory and a $1.3 million decrease in related-party payable
 resulting from the termination of our advisory services agreement with Solera upon consummation of our IPO. These increases in cash were offset by
the excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation of $8.1 million. The increase in accrued expenses was driven by the purchases of inventory
 which had been received as of March&nbsp;31
 2013 but not yet invoiced. The increase in income tax
receivable was attributable to &#147;excess&#148; tax benefit from stock option exercises
 which resulted in minimal cash payments of only $0.2 million for income taxes during fiscal 2013. The increase in accounts payable was related to the timing
of invoices received and increased inventory levels in fiscal 2013 driven by volume. The increase in accounts receivable was related to larger volume of net sales towards the year end. 
Our operating activities in fiscal 2012 provided $1.3 million of cash
 primarily due to our net income of $9.6 million offset by a
decrease in accounts payable of $9.5 million and an increase in accounts receivable
 net of $2.9 million. The decrease in accounts payable was a result of paying down outstanding vendor balances that remained unpaid at fiscal year end. The higher
accounts receivable was driven by year-over-year net sales growth. We also had net non-cash charges of $3.7 million
 which included $1.7 million due to an increase in the fair value of convertible preferred stock warrant liability. 
Our operating activities in fiscal 2011 provided $18.2 million of cash
 primarily due to our net income of $20.2 million. We also had net
non-cash items of $3.3 million


 2012 and 2011
 cash
used in investing activities was $2.8 million
 $3.5 million and $0.9 million
 respectively
 related to purchases of property and equipment. In fiscal 2013
 our $2.8 million investment in property and equipment included $1.3 million in manufacturing
equipment
 which is located at the facilities of our contract manufacturers and remains our property
 and $1.0 million in construction projects at our headquarters to create additional office space. 
 



 
In fiscal 2013
 cash used by financing activities totaled $1.6 million
 which comprised of: 



















net proceeds of $11.1 million received from common shares issued in the IPO
 net of issuance costs; 














In fiscal 2012
 our financing activities used cash of $4.5 million
 which primarily consisted of $13.6 million in dividend payments and


 our financing activities used cash of $18.6 million and consisted primarily of $12.5 million in dividend payments and $6.0 million term loan repayment. 
On
August&nbsp;25
 2010
 we entered into an amended and restated bank line of credit agreement with Bank of America
 N.A.
 as lender. In December 2011
 we entered into a second amended and restated credit facility with Bank of America that provided
total borrowing availability of $20.0 million and a term through August 2014. On March&nbsp;7
 2013
 we entered into an amendment to the second amended and restated credit facility that provided for
 among other things
 an increase in our line of
credit to $40.0 million and extension of the term through August 2016. Our amended second amended and restated credit facility is referred to herein as the credit facility. The credit facility is collateralized by substantially all of our assets.
We may select from three interest rate options for borrowings under the credit facility: (i)&nbsp;LIBOR (as defined in the
credit facility) plus 1.25%
 (ii)&nbsp;IBOR (as defined in the credit facility) plus 1.25% or (iii)&nbsp;Prime Rate (as defined in the credit facility). We are required to pay a commitment fee on the unused credit facility commitments
 if the
outstanding balance is less than half the commitment at an annual rate of between 0.25% to 0.40%
 tiered depending on our utilization rate. The credit facility contains restrictions on
 among other things
 our ability to incur additional
indebtedness
 pay dividends or make other distributions and make investments and loans. The credit facility also limits our ability to make capital expenditures in excess of $15.0 million. The credit facility requires that we maintain a Funded Debt
(as defined in the credit facility) to Adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the credit facility) ratio of not more than 2.75 to 1.0 and a minimum Net Worth (as defined in the credit facility) equal to at least $50.0 million
 plus 30% of earnings after
taxes earned each quarter (if positive)
 beginning with earnings from the first quarter of fiscal 2014. As of March&nbsp;31
 2013
 we had approximately $7.0 million outstanding under our credit facility with additional borrowing availability of
In March 2008
 we entered into a loan and
security agreement for a term loan with Hercules Technology II
 L.P.
 or Hercules. As of March&nbsp;31
 2010
 we had $6.0 million in total borrowings under the term loan. The term loan was repaid in August 2010. In connection with the term loan
 we
granted to the lender a warrant to purchase 65
000 shares of our Series A 2005 convertible preferred stock at an exercise price of $10.00 per share. The warrant was scheduled to expire on the earlier of 10 years from the date of issuance or five
years after our IPO. Upon the consummation of the IPO
 the warrant became a warrant to purchase common stock. Pursuant to the terms of the warrant
 the stock dividend we effected altered the number of shares issuable upon the exercise of the warrant
and
 as a result
 80
560 shares of common stock were issuable upon the exercise of the warrant at an exercise price of $8.07. On April&nbsp;12
 2012
 Hercules exercised the warrant in full using the net issuance method permitted under its terms. As
a result
 we issued Hercules 63
193 shares of common stock. 
 





 2013: 






















































3
727







1
261



1
279





















































3
871







1
321



1
331









10
396



10
254

















1
850











1
400





















































16
567



11
237



2
013



2
731































We lease approximately 33
500 square feet of space that houses our corporate headquarters and a storage area at 1610 Fifth Street
 Berkeley
 California pursuant to a
lease agreement or Lease that was originally scheduled to expire in February 2016. In September 2012
 we entered into an amendment to the Lease and extended the initial term of the lease for three additional years to February 2019. The rent for the
additional three years will be equal to 95% of the then fair market rental rate for the property however
 the monthly rent payable will not be less than the monthly rent payable during the immediately preceding month of the initial term. The
landlord is required to deliver to us a notice of the fair market rental rate for the property no later than August&nbsp;1
 2015. The table above assumes rent for the additional three years at the monthly rental rate applicable to last month&#146;s
rate of the original Lease. 



We lease equipment under non-cancelable operating leases. These leases expire at various dates through 2019
 excluding extensions at our option
 and contain provisions
for rental adjustments. 



We have non-cancelable purchase commitments
 directly or through contract manufacturers
 to purchase ingredients to be used in the future to manufacture products.




This represents our obligation
 to one of our contract manufacturers
 for the purchase of product formulas. Of these amounts
 $1.1 million is included in total
liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet as of March&nbsp;31
 2013. 








 we must make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 sales
 costs and expenses. We base our estimates on historical expenses and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Changes in the
accounting estimates are likely to occur from period to period. Actual results could be significantly different from these estimates. We believe that the accounting policies discussed below are critical to understanding our historical and future
performance
Sales
Sales of our products are recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 the price is fixed
or determinable
 ownership and risk of loss have been transferred to the customer either upon delivery or pick up of products by the customer and there is a reasonable assurance of collection of the sales proceeds. Generally
 we

 



 
extend credit to our retailers and distributors and do not require collateral. Our payment terms are typically net-30 with a discount for net-10 payment. We recognize sales net of estimated sales
and promotion incentives
 slotting
 customer discounts and spoils. We have entered into contracts with various retailers granting an allowance for spoils and damaged products. Evaluating these estimated returns and collectability assumptions
requires management judgment
 and if our assumptions are not correct
 our sales
Sales
We offer a variety of sales and promotion incentives to our customers and to consumers
 such
as price discounts
 consumer coupons
 volume rebates
 cooperative marketing programs
 slotting fees and in-store displays. The costs of these activities are recognized at the time the related sales are recorded and are classified as a reduction of
sales. The recognition of the costs of these programs involves judgments related to performance and redemption rates
 which are made based on historical experience. Actual expenses may differ if redemption rates and performance vary from our


product-specific basis when circumstances giving rise to the recall become known. When establishing reserves for a product recall
 we consider cost estimates for any fees and incentives to customers for their effort to return the product
 freight
and destruction charges for returned products
 warehouse and inspection fees
 repackaging materials
 point-of-sale materials and other costs including costs incurred by contract manufacturers. Additionally
 we estimate product returns from consumers
and customers across distribution channels
 utilizing third-party data and other assumptions. These factors are updated and reevaluated each period and the related reserves are adjusted when these factors indicate that the recall reserves are either
Significant changes in the assumptions used to develop
estimates for product recall reserves could affect key financial information
 including accounts receivable
 inventory
 accrued liabilities
 net sales
 gross profit
 operating expenses and net income. In addition
 estimating product recall reserves
requires a high degree of judgment in areas such as estimating consumer returns
 shelf and in-stock inventory at retailers across distribution channels
 fees and incentives to be earned by customers for their effort to return the products
 future


 raw materials and work-in-process
 and is valued at the lower of the cost and the current estimated market value of the inventory. We regularly review our
inventory quantities on hand and adjust inventory values for finished goods expected to be non-saleable due to age. We also make provisions for ingredients and packaging that are slow moving and at risk to become obsolete. Additionally
 our
estimates of product demand and market value require management judgment that may significantly affect the ending inventory valuation


impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Management must exercise judgment in assessing whether or not circumstances require a formal evaluation of the
recoverability of our long-lived assets. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset
exceeds its estimated future cash flows
 an impairment charge is recognized in the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. These estimates involve inherent

 



 
uncertainties
 and the measurement of the recoverability of the cost of a potentially impaired asset is dependent on the accuracy of the assumptions used in making the estimates and how these
estimates compare to our future operating performance. There have been no impairments of long-lived assets in fiscal 2013
 2012 or 2011. 
For
accounting purposes
 we have one reporting unit
 which is the whole company. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually in the fourth fiscal quarter and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of goodwill may not be
recoverable. Triggering events that may indicate impairment include
 but are not limited to
 significant adverse change in customer demand or business climate that could affect the value of an asset or significant decrease in expected cash flows at
the reporting unit. In our annual impairment evaluation
 we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of our sole reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis to determine
whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. The qualitative factors assessed by us included our assessment of any adverse changes in legal factors or business climate
 unanticipated competition
 a loss of key personnel
and/or an adverse action or assessment by a regulator. Additionally
 we considered macroeconomic conditions including general deterioration in general economic conditions
 limitations on accessing capital
 industry and market conditions
 cost
factors
 our overall financial performance and share price of our common stock. The more-likely-than-not threshold is defined as having a likelihood of more than 50 percent. The goodwill impairment test involves a two-step process and is tested at
our sole reporting unit level by comparing the reporting unit&#146;s carrying amount
 including goodwill
 to the fair value of the reporting unit. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 the second step of the goodwill
impairment test is performed to measure the amount of impairment loss
 if any. We estimate the fair value of our reporting unit using a discounted cash flow approach. This evaluation requires use of internal business plans that are based on our
judgments and estimates regarding future economic conditions
 product demand and pricing
 costs
 inflation rates and discount rates
 among other factors. These judgments and estimates involve inherent uncertainties
 and the measurement of the fair


for equity-based awards over the required service period by the recipient based on the grant date fair value of the award. The fair value of restricted stock units and performance share units is determined based on the number of units granted and
the closing price of the Company&#146;s common stock as of the grant date. Additionally
 stock-based compensation related to performance share units reflects the estimated probable outcome at the end of the performance period. The fair value of
options is determined as of the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. We recognize the fair value of each award as an expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period
 generally the vesting period of the equity
grant. The benefits of tax deductions in excess of recognized compensation costs are reported as a credit to additional paid-in capital
 but only when such excess tax benefits are realized by a reduction to current taxes payable. 
The valuation model for stock compensation expense requires us to make assumptions and judgments about the variables used in the
calculation including the expected term (weighted-average period of time that the options granted are expected to be outstanding)
 the volatility of our common stock
 an assumed-risk-free interest rate and the estimated forfeitures of unvested stock
options. The following table summarizes the variables used to determine the fair value of stock options: 












Fiscal Year Ended March&nbsp;31










































 



 
Under our Omnibus Incentive Plan
 the fair value of the shares of common stock underlying the stock options is defined as the closing
Prior to our IPO
 the fair value of the shares of common stock underlying
the stock options had historically been determined by our board of directors. Because there had been no public market for our common stock prior to our listing on the NYSE
 our board of directors determined the fair value of our common stock at the
time of grant of the option by considering a number of objective and subjective factors
 including valuations of comparable companies
 sales of our convertible preferred stock to unrelated third parties
 our operating and financial performance and
general and industry specific economic outlook. 
We derive the expected term using several factors including the ratio of market value to the strike price
 volatility
 proximity to recent
vesting and the remaining option term. In addition
 we consider behavioral factors including portfolio diversification
 liquidity considerations
 risk aversion and tax planning in our model to determine the expected term. Additionally
 we consider
historical experience in determining the expected term. 
Since there had been no public market for our common stock prior to our IPO and we have limited company-specific historical volatility
 we
determine the share price volatility for options granted based on an analysis of the volatility of a group of similar entities
 referred to as peer companies. In evaluating similarity
 we consider factors such as industry
 stage of life cycle and




 future dividends are not expected to be available to benefit option holders. Accordingly
 we currently use an expected
We are required to estimate forfeitures at the time of grant
 and revise those
estimates in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ or are expected to differ from those estimates. We use historical data to estimate pre-vesting option forfeitures and record stock based compensation expense only for those awards that are
expected to vest. To the extent actual forfeitures differ from the estimates
 the difference will be recorded as a cumulative adjustment in the period that the estimates are revised. 
The total intrinsic value of options exercised during fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011 was $21.4 million
 $635
000 and $37
000
 respectively.


 2013
 there was approximately $3.3 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested share-based compensation arrangements which is expected to be recognized over a
weighted average period of 3.4 years. 
 



The following table summarizes the amount of stock-based compensation expense recognized in
selling
 general and administrative expenses in our statements of operations for the periods indicated: 


















Fiscal&nbsp;Year&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;March&nbsp;31






















1
064









If factors change or we employ different assumptions
 stock-based compensation expense in future periods
may differ significantly from what we have recorded in the past. If there is a difference between the assumptions used in determining stock-based compensation expense and the actual factors that become known over time
 we may change the input
factors used in determining stock-based compensation expense for future grants. These changes
 if any
 may materially impact our results of operations in the period such changes are made. We expect to continue to grant stock based awards in the
future


liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and
operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates applicable to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect
on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Deferred tax assets are recognized when
 based upon available evidence
 realization of the assets is more likely
than not. Reserves for tax-related uncertainties are established based on estimates when we believe that it is more likely than not that those positions may not be fully sustained upon review by tax authorities. The reserves are adjusted in light of
changing facts and circumstances
 such as the outcome of an income tax audit. 
We accounted for the outstanding warrant to purchase shares of our convertible preferred stock as a liability at fair value
 because this
warrant could be redeemed under certain circumstances
 such as a change of control. The warrant was subjected to remeasurement to fair value at each balance sheet date
 and any change in fair value was recognized in other income (expense)
 net
 in
the consolidated statements of operations. See &#147;Out-of-period Adjustment&#148; below. The liability was adjusted for changes in fair value until the earliest of the exercise
 expiration of the convertible preferred stock warrant or conversion
to a warrant to purchase common stock. Upon the consummation of the IPO
 the warrant became exercisable into shares of our common stock and as such
 the related convertible preferred stock liability of $2.2 million as of April&nbsp;2
 2012
 was
reclassified to additional-paid in capital. The warrant was exercised on April&nbsp;12
Out-of-period Adjustment
During fiscal 2012
 we corrected an error in the measurement of the convertible preferred stock warrant liability. The
correction increased the fair value of the convertible preferred stock warrant liability by $949
000 and decreased additional paid-in capital by $431
000 with a corresponding increase in expense of $518
000
 which was recorded in other income
(expense)
 net in the accompanying statement of operations during fiscal 2012. The correction was an accumulation of an error that should have been recorded in prior periods and would have increased net loss for fiscal 2009 by $44
000
 increased net
income by $79
000 for fiscal 2010 and decreased net income by $553
000 for fiscal 2011. Management has assessed the impact of this error and does not believe that it is material
 either individually or in the aggregate
 to any prior period financial
statements or to the financial statements for the year ended March&nbsp;31
 2012. 
 



ITEM&nbsp;7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT


 dairy products
 sugar
 canola and sunflower oil
 extra-virgin olive oil
 natural flavors and colors
spices and packaging materials used in the contract manufacturing of our products. These ingredients are purchased through our contract manufacturers
 who typically pass through actual costs to us at the time we purchase finished products. These
ingredients are subject to price fluctuations that may create price risk. A hypothetical 10% increase or decrease in the weighted-average cost of our primary ingredients contracted directly or through contract manufacturers in fiscal 2013 would have
resulted in an increase or decrease to cost of sales of approximately $3.3 million. We seek to mitigate the impact of ingredient cost increases by negotiating purchase agreements or taking physical delivery of future ingredient needs. We strive to


revolving loans of up to $40.0 million. At March&nbsp;31
 2013
 we had $7.0 million of borrowings. We currently do not engage in any interest rate hedging activity and currently have no intention to do so in the foreseeable future. Based on the
average interest rate on the credit facility during fiscal 2013
 and to the extent that borrowings were outstanding
 we do not believe that a 10% change in the interest rate would have a material effect on our results of operations or financial
We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes and have not used any derivative financial


dollars and are not subject to foreign exchange risk. However
 to the extent our sourcing strategy changes or we commence generating net sales outside of the U.S. and Canada that are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar
 our results
of operations could be impacted by changes in exchange rates. 
 



ITEM&nbsp;8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
ANNIE&#146;S





















Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012





Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended March&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and
2011





Consolidated Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders&#146; Equity (Deficit) for the years
 ended March&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011





Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and
2011











 



Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


In our opinion
 the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related
consolidated statements of operations
 convertible preferred stock and stockholders&#146; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Annie&#146;s
 Inc. and its subsidiaries at March&nbsp;31
2013 and 2012
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March&nbsp;31
 2013 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company&#146;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 and evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
San Francisco
June&nbsp;14
 2013

 



Annie&#146;s
 Inc. 
 
(in thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 















March&nbsp;31


































4
930






Accounts receivable
 net


20
015



11
870





15
147



10
202





2
558



1
995















5
050



1
252















48
288



26
045


Property and equipment
 net


6
138



4
298





30
809



30
809


Intangible assets
 net


1
116



1
176


Deferred tax assets
 long-term


3
704



4
650









5
343

























90
212



72
429












LIABILITIES
 CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS&#146; EQUITY (DEFICIT)






















4
342













1
305





12
021



7
452















16
363



9
618





7
007



12
796









2
157

























24
283



25
492






















Convertible preferred stock
 $0.001 par value&#151;None authorized
 issued and outstanding at March&nbsp;31
 2013; 12
346
555
shares authorized
 12
281
553
 shares issued and outstanding at March&nbsp;31
 2012 (aggregate liquidation value $132
427 at March&nbsp;31
 2012)






81
373












Preferred stock
 $0.001 par value&#151;5
000
000 shares authorized
 none issued and outstanding at March&nbsp;31
 2013; None
authorized
 issued and outstanding outstanding at March&nbsp;31
 2012









Common stock
 $0.001 par value&#151;30
000
000 and 24
000
000 shares authorized at March&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively;
16
849
016 and 483
242 shares issued and outstanding at March&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively












93
190



4
392





(27
278



(38
829















65
929



(34
436












Total liabilities
 convertible preferred stock and stockholders&#146; equity (deficit)


90
212



72
429












 
 



Annie&#146;s
 Inc. 
 
(in thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 



















Fiscal Year Ended March&nbsp;31














Net sales (net of product recall impact of $1
096 during fiscal 2013)


169
977



141
304



117
616


Cost of sales (including costs associated with product recall of $1
080 during fiscal 2013)


104
566



85
877



71
804



















65
411



55
427



45
812
















Selling
 general and administrative (including costs associated with product recall of $171 during fiscal 2013)


45
461



36
195



30
674









1
300























45
461



37
495



30
674



















19
950



17
932



15
138
















Other income (expense)
 net






(1
594























19
869



16
177



14
408





8
318



6
588



(5
747



















11
551



9
589



20
155



















11
551






























































































Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding used in computing net income per share attributable to common
stockholders
















17
129
334



469
089



461
884



















17
707
839



1
111
088



1
201
125
















 
 



Annie&#146;s
 Inc. 
Consolidated Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders&#146; Equity
(Deficit) 
(in thousands
 except share amounts) 




















































































































Balance at March&nbsp;31
 2010


12
281
553



 81
373











461
277







4
320



(42
494



(38
173





















3
717























































































(12
529



(12
529

































20
155



20
155








































Balance at March&nbsp;31
 2011


12
281
553



81
373











464
994







4
719



(34
868



(30
148

































































































18
248





























































































































(13
550



(13
550

































9
589



9
589








































Balance at March&nbsp;31
 2012


12
281
553



81
373











483
242







4
392



(38
829



(34
436





























2
170







2
170





(12
281
553



(81
373











15
221
571







81
358







81
373





















950
000







11
145







11
146





















(500
000







(19
125







(19
125





















631
010







4
073







4
073





























8
113







8
113





















63
193













































1
064







1
064

































11
551



11
551








































Balance at March&nbsp;31
 2013


















16
849
016







93
190



(27
278



65
929








































 
 



Annie&#146;s
 Inc. 
 
 


















Fiscal Year Ended March&nbsp;31































11
551



9
589



20
155



















1
065













1
064





















2
500



















(8
113































1
726



























































(7
134
















Accounts receivable
 net


(8
142



(2
942



(3
045





(5
399







(1
561





3
853










Prepaid expenses
 other current and non-current assets


1
498













3
356



(9
499



3
735





(1
305



1
299









8
261







2
660



















8
723



1
291



18
238

































(2
766



(3
538























(2
766



(3
538





































23
737



72
389



7
344





(29
526



(59
593



(7
344


Proceeds from common shares issued in initial public offering
 net of issuance costs


11
146































(13
550



(12
529























(3
368

















(6
000





(19
125



























8
113













4
073



























(1
589



(4
524



(18
569



















4
368



(6
771



(1
217









7
333



8
550



















4
930







7
333



















































6
153



1
491



















81
373































1
975













1
023






 
 



Annie&#146;s
 Inc. 
 
 
Annie&#146;s
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 a Delaware corporation incorporated April&nbsp;28
 2004
 is a natural and
organic food company. The Company offers over 135 products in the following three product categories: meals; snacks; and dressings
 condiments and other. The Company&#146;s products are sold throughout the U.S. and Canada via a multi-channel
distribution network that serves the mainstream grocery
 mass merchandiser and natural retailer channels. The Company&#146;s headquarters are located in Berkeley
 California. 
 


include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries
 Annie&#146;s Homegrown
 Inc.
 Napa Valley Kitchen
 Inc. and Annie&#146;s Enterprises
 Inc. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.


 2012
 the Company closed its IPO
 in which it sold 950
000 shares of common stock at an offering price of $19.00 per share and raised $11.1 million in net proceeds after deducting
underwriting discounts and commissions of $1.3 million and other offering expenses of $5.6 million. In addition
 certain of the Company&#146;s stockholders
 including funds affiliated with Solera Capital
 LLC
 sold 4.8&nbsp;million shares at the
$19.00 offering price in the IPO. The Company sometimes refers to Solera Capital


 the outstanding shares of convertible preferred stock were automatically converted into 15
221
571 shares of common stock
 the Company&#146;s outstanding
convertible preferred stock warrant was automatically converted into a common stock warrant to purchase a total of 80
560 shares of common stock and the related convertible preferred stock warrant liability was reclassified to additional paid-in
Pursuant to the Company&#146;s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
 or Charter
 and its Amended and
Restated Bylaws
 which became effective upon consummation of the IPO
 the Company has authorized 35
000
000 shares of capital stock
 30
000
000 shares
 par value $0.001 per share
 of which are common stock and 5
000
000 shares
 par value $0.001 per
share
 of which are preferred stock. As of March&nbsp;31
 2013
 16
849


 2012
 the Company closed a
secondary public offering
 in which certain stockholders
 including Solera
 sold 3
649
976 shares of common stock at an offering price of $39.25 per share. The Company did not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares by the selling stockholders.
The offering expenses incurred by the Company were $0.7 million
 including legal
 accounting and printing costs and various other fees associated with the registration and sale of common stock sold in the secondary public offering. 
On March&nbsp;18
 2013
 the Company closed another secondary public offering in which Solera sold 3
500
000 shares of common stock at an
offering price of $40.00 per share. The Company did not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares by Solera. The offering expenses incurred by the Company were $0.5 million
 including 
 



 
legal
 accounting and printing costs and various other fees associated with the registration and sale of common stock sold in the secondary public offering. The Company
 concurrently with the
closing of the secondary public offering
 repurchased and retired 500
000 shares of its common stock from Solera in a private
 non-underwritten transaction at a price of $38.25 per share. The price paid by the Company was equal to the price paid by
the underwriters in the secondary public offering. 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S.&nbsp;GAAP requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of sales and expenses during the reported periods. Actual results could


 credit limits and monitoring procedures. The Company performs periodic credit evaluations of its customers and records an allowance for
uncollectible accounts receivable based on a specific identification methodology. In addition
 management may record an additional allowance based on the Company&#146;s experience with accounts receivable aging categories. Accounts receivable are
recorded net of allowances for trade discounts and doubtful accounts. As of March&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had $5.2 million and $5.2 million
 respectively
 for allowance for trade discounts. The Company had no allowance for doubtful
accounts as of March&nbsp;31
Customers with 10% or more of the Company&#146;s net sales and accounts
receivable consist of the following: 










































Fiscal Year Ended March 31















































































In fiscal 2013
 two customers represented 36% and 26%
 respectively
 of accounts receivable. The same two customers represented 45% and 21%
 respectively
 of accounts
receivable in fiscal 2012. In fiscal 2013
The
Company relies on a limited number of suppliers for the ingredients used in manufacturing its products. In order to mitigate any adverse impact from a disruption of supply
 the Company attempts to maintain an adequate supply of ingredients and
believes that other vendors would be able to provide similar ingredients if supplies were disrupted. The Company outsources the manufacturing of its products to contract manufacturers in the U.S. As of March&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 four and two
vendors accounted for 75% and 26% of accounts payable
 respectively. 
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the reporting date. The accounting guidance establishes a three-tiered hierarchy
 which prioritizes the inputs used in the valuation methodologies in measuring fair value: 

 



Level 2&#151;Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable
 either directly or indirectly
such as quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 
Level 3&#151;Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the
The categorization of a financial instrument within the valuation hierarchy is based on the lowest
The carrying amounts of the Company&#146;s financial
instruments
 including accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued liabilities and credit facility
 approximate fair value due to their relatively short maturities. The carrying amount of the convertible preferred stock warrant liability at
March&nbsp;31
 2012 represents its estimated fair value (Note 9). Upon consummation of the IPO on April&nbsp;2
 2012
 prior to the automatic conversion of the convertible preferred stock warrant into a common stock warrant
 the estimated fair value
was remeasured and the change in fair value was recorded as a non-cash charge in other income (expense)




provisions are specifically made for slow moving or obsolete raw ingredients and packaging material. The Company also adjusts the carrying value of its inventories when it believes that the net realizable value is less than the carrying value. These
write-downs are measured as the difference between the cost of the inventory
 including estimated costs to complete
 and estimated selling prices including cost of selling. These charges are recorded as a component of cost of sales. Once inventory
is written down
 a new
 lower-cost basis for that inventory is established. 
Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the
assets. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the lease term or estimated useful lives. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Assets not yet placed in use are not depreciated.























The Company capitalizes certain internal and external costs related to the development and enhancement of
the Company&#146;s internal-use software. Capitalized internal-use software development costs are included in property and equipment on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. As of March&nbsp;31
 2013
 the Company had $2.1 million capitalized
software development costs
 net of accumulated amortization including $0.4 million in construction in progress. As of March&nbsp;31
 2012
 the Company had $2.0 million capitalized software development costs
 net of accumulated amortization including
$1.6 million in construction in progress. 
 





 the Company recorded $30.8 million of goodwill resulting from the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the assets acquired and the liabilities
Goodwill is tested for impairment annually in the fourth fiscal quarter and whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate the carrying value of goodwill may not be recoverable. Triggering events that may indicate impairment include
 but are not limited to
 significant adverse change in customer demand or business climate that could affect the
value of an asset or significant decrease in expected cash flows at the reporting unit. In its annual impairment evaluation
 the Company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of its
sole reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. The more-likely-than-not threshold is defined as having a likelihood of more than 50 percent. The
goodwill impairment test involves a two-step process and is tested at the Company&#146;s sole reporting unit level by comparing the reporting unit&#146;s carrying amount
 including goodwill
 to the fair value of the reporting unit. If the carrying
amount of the sole reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 the second step of the goodwill impairment test shall be performed to measure the amount of impairment loss
 if any. When impaired
 the carrying value of goodwill is written down to fair
value. There was no impairment of goodwill identified during the years ended March&nbsp;31
 2013
Impairment of Long-lived
Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of
an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows
 an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. There was no impairment of long-lived assets during the years ended
March&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011. 
The Company accounted for its convertible preferred stock warrant to purchase shares of Company&#146;s convertible preferred stock as a
liability at fair value upon issuance
 because the warrant could obligate the Company to transfer assets to the holder at a future date under certain circumstances
 such as a change of control. The warrant was subjected to remeasurement to fair
value at each balance sheet date
 and any change in fair value was recognized in other income (expense)
 net in the consolidated statements of operations. See &#147;Out-of-Period Adjustment&#148; below. The liability was adjusted for changes in fair
value until the earliest of the exercise
 expiration of the convertible preferred stock warrant and conversion to a warrant to purchase common stock. Immediately prior to the closing of the IPO
 the Company&#146;s outstanding convertible preferred
stock warrant was automatically converted into a common stock warrant to purchase a total of 80
560 shares of common stock and the related convertible preferred stock warrant liability was reclassified to additional paid-in capital. 


 the holders of the Company&#146;s convertible preferred stock controlled the vote of stockholders and board of directors through appointed representatives. As a result
 the holders of
the convertible preferred stock could have forced a change of control that would have triggered liquidation. As redemption of the convertible preferred stock through liquidation was outside of the Company&#146;s control
 all shares of convertible
preferred stock have been presented outside of permanent equity on the consolidated balance sheet as of March&nbsp;31
Sales
Sales of the Company&#146;s products are recognized when persuasive evidence of an
arrangement exists
 the price is fixed or determinable
 ownership and risk of loss have been transferred to the customer either upon 
 



 
delivery or pick up of products by the customer and there is a reasonable assurance of collection of the sales proceeds. Generally
 the Company extends uncollateralized credit to its retailers
and distributors ranging up to 30 days and performs ongoing credit evaluation of its customers. The payment terms are typically net-30 with a discount for net-10 payment. The Company recognizes sales net of estimated trade allowances
 slotting fees
sales incentives
 cash discounts
 returns and coupons. The cost of these trade allowances
 slotting fees and sales incentives is estimated using a number of factors
 including estimated units sold
 customer participation and redemption rates. The
Company has entered into contracts with some retailers granting an allowance for spoils and damaged products. Amounts related to shipping and handling that are billed to customers are reflected in net sales and the related shipping and handling
costs are reflected in selling
 general and administrative expenses. 
Cost of sales consists of the costs of ingredients utilized in the manufacture of products
 contract manufacturing fees
 packaging and
in-bound freight charges.&nbsp;Ingredients account for the largest portion of the cost of sales


selling
 general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Shipping and handling costs primarily consist of costs associated with moving finished products to customers
 including costs associated with the
Company&#146;s distribution center
 route delivery costs and the cost of shipping products to customers through third-party carriers. Shipping and handling costs recorded as a component of selling
 general and administrative expenses were $5.7
million
 $4.8 million and $4.7 million for the years ended March&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
Research and Development
Research and development costs consist of the costs incurred to develop new products. These costs include consumer
research
 prototype development
 materials and resources to conduct trial production runs
 package development and employee-related costs for personnel responsible for product innovation. Research and development costs recorded as a component of
selling
 general and administrative expenses were approximately $2.8 million
 $2.0 million and $2.1 million for the years ended March&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011


advertisements and the costs of communicating advertisements. The costs of producing advertisements are expensed as incurred and the costs of communicating advertising are expensed over the period of communication. Total advertising costs for the
years ended March&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011 included in selling
 general and administrative expenses were approximately $0.9 million
 $1.2 million and $0.8 million


product-specific basis when circumstances giving rise to the recall become known. The Company
 when establishing reserves for a product recall
 considers cost estimates for any fees and incentives to customers for their effort to return the product
freight and destruction charges for returned products
 warehouse and inspection fees
 repackaging materials
 point-of-sale materials and other costs including costs incurred by contract manufacturers. Additionally
 the Company estimates product
returns from consumers and customers across distribution channels
 utilizing third-party data and other assumptions. These factors are updated and reevaluated each period and the related reserves are adjusted when these factors indicate that the
recall reserves are either insufficient to cover or exceed the estimated product recall expenses. 
 



Significant changes in the assumptions used to develop estimates for product recall reserves
could affect key financial information
 including accounts receivable
 inventory
 accrued liabilities
 net sales
 gross profit
 operating expenses and net income. In addition
 estimating product recall reserves requires a high degree of judgment in
areas such as estimating consumer returns
 shelf and in-stock inventory at retailers across distribution channels
 fees and incentives to be earned by customers for their effort to return the products
 future freight rates and consumers&#146;


 marketing and distribution of natural and organic
food products
 and operates as one operating segment. The Company&#146;s chief operating decision-maker
 its chief executive officer
 reviews its operating results on an aggregate basis for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial


 restricted stock units and performance share units are granted to eligible employees and directors. The cost of
stock-based transactions is recognized in the financial statements based upon fair value. The fair value of restricted stock units and performance share units is determined based on the number of units granted and the closing price of the
Company&#146;s common stock as of the grant date. Additionally
 stock-based compensation related to performance share units reflects the estimated probable outcome at the end of the performance period. The fair value of stock options is determined
as of the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Fair value is recognized as expense on a straight line basis
 net of estimated forfeitures
 over the employee requisite service period. 
The benefits of tax deductions in excess of recognized compensation costs are reported as a credit to additional paid-in capital and as
financing cash flows
Treasury Stock
The Company accounts for treasury stock under the cost method
 and upon retirement of the treasury stock
 charges the
Income Taxes
Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates applicable to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is
recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The Company recognizes deferred tax assets when
 based upon available evidence
 realization of the assets is more likely than not. 
The accounting standard for uncertainty in income taxes prescribes a recognition threshold that a tax position is required to meet before
being recognized in the financial statements and provides guidance on derecognition
 measurement
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure and transition issues. Differences between tax positions taken in a
tax return and amounts recognized in the financial statements generally result in an increase in a liability for income taxes payable or a reduction of an income tax refund receivable
 or a reduction in a deferred tax asset or an increase in a
deferred tax liability
 or both. 
 



The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to tax positions in income tax
expense. To the extent that accrued interest and penalties do not ultimately become payable
 amounts accrued will be reduced and reflected as a reduction of the overall income tax provision in the period that such determination is made. No interest
During fiscal year ended March&nbsp;31
 2013
 the Company recognized
$21.4 million of tax deductions associated with stock option exercises. As of March&nbsp;31
 2013
 $20.0 million of these tax deductions are considered &#147;excess&#148; stock compensation related deductions. Such &#147;excess&#148; stock
compensation related tax deductions are required to be recorded directly to additional-paid-in-capital (rather than as a tax benefit to the income statement) when the tax savings are realized on the Company&#146;s tax returns. In determining the
amount of cash tax savings realized from the excess stock compensation deductions
 the Company&#146;s accounting policy is to follow the tax law ordering approach
 which provides that tax benefits follow the sequence in which these amounts are
utilized for tax reporting purposes. As a result of the excess stock-based compensation deductions in fiscal 2013
 the Company reduced its taxes payable and credited additional-paid-in-capital for $8.1 million. 


Diluted net income per share of common stock is computed by giving effect to all potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period. The Company utilized the if-converted method and the treasury stock method to calculate potential common
shares that underlay its convertible preferred stock and the warrant to purchase its convertible preferred stock
 respectively. Additionally
 the Company utilizes the treasury stock method to calculate potential common shares that underlie stock
options to purchase common stock and restricted stock units. Performance share units are excluded from potential common shares since no shares were issuable as of March&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012. The performance share units vest based on achievement of
specified percentage of targeted cumulative compounded adjusted diluted earnings per share growth rate during the three-year period ending March&nbsp;31


 2012; (ii)&nbsp;the convertible preferred stock for
the fiscal years ended March&nbsp;31
 2012 and 2011; and (iii)&nbsp;certain stock options to purchase Company&#146;s common stock for the fiscal year ended March&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012; had an anti-dilutive effect on the earnings per share
 and
accordingly
Net income attributable to common stockholders during the fiscal years ended
March&nbsp;31
 2012 and 2011 was allocated using the two-class method. The two-class method is an earnings allocation method for calculating earnings per share when a company&#146;s capital structure includes two or more classes of common stock or
common stock and participating securities. Under this method
 the Company reduced income from operations by the dividends paid to convertible preferred stockholders and the rights of the convertible preferred stockholders to participate in any
undistributed earnings. The undistributed earnings were allocated based on the relative percentage of weighted average shares of outstanding convertible preferred stock to the total number of weighted average shares of outstanding common and


 the Company corrected an error in the measurement of the convertible preferred stock warrant liability. The correction increased the fair value of the convertible preferred stock
warrant liability by $949
000
 decreased additional paid-in capital by $431
000 with a corresponding increase in expense of $518
000
 which was recorded in other income (expense)
 net in the accompanying statement of operations during fiscal 2012.
The correction was an accumulation of an error that should have been recorded in prior periods and would have increased net loss for fiscal 2009 by $44
000
 increased net income by $79
000 for fiscal

 



 
2010 and decreased net income by $553
000 for fiscal 2011. Management assessed the impact of this error and does not believe that it is material
 either individually or in the aggregate
 to any
prior period financial statements or to the financial statements for the year ended March&nbsp;31
 2012. 
 
















March&nbsp;31














1
391



1
938





2
142









11
614



7
510















15
147



10
202











Property and Equipment


 net are comprised of the following (in thousands): 














March&nbsp;31














2
959



1
730





2
410



1
188





1
195





























6
808



3
836





(1
760



(1
719





1
090



2
181












Property and equipment
 net


6
138



4
298











The Company incurred depreciation expense of approximately $1.0 million
 $0.8 million and $0.4 million
during the years ended March&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
During fiscal 2013
 the Company completed two
construction projects &#150; (i)&nbsp;a remodel of the existing office space (the &#147;Existing Space&#148;) and (ii)&nbsp;reconfiguration of the warehouse space to additional office space in order to accommodate growth. The cost of these capital
projects totaled approximately $975
000
 of which $629
000 was recorded in leasehold improvements and the remaining $346
000 was recorded in equipment and automotive on the Company&#146;s consolidated balance sheet as of March&nbsp;31
 2013.
Intangible Assets


 net are comprised of the following (in thousands): 














March&nbsp;31














1
023



1
023

























1
212



1
212






















Intangible assets
 net


1
116



1
176












 



In November 2011
 the Company acquired product formulas for a purchase price of $2.0
million. The purchase agreement requires the Company to make annual payments of at least $150
000 in each of the first six years of the agreement
 with the balance of the $2.0 million payment due at the end of the seven-year term in November 2018.
The Company recorded a product formula intangible asset of $1.0 million representing the present value of the future payments
 which will be amortized over the estimated useful life of 20 years using the straight-line method. 
The Company incurred amortization expense of approximately $60
000
 $27
000 and $9
000 on its intangible assets in fiscal 2013
 2012 and
2011
The estimated future amortization expense relating to intangible assets is anticipated to be $60
000 for
each of the next five years from fiscal 2014 through fiscal 2018
 totaling $300
000 and $816
Prepaid Expenses and
Prepaid expenses and other current assets as of March&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012 included receivables
from contract manufacturers and suppliers of $3.9&nbsp;million and $0.1 million
 respectively. 
















March&nbsp;31














3
779



2
768





2
299



2
631





4
038





























1
238



















12
021



7
452












 
In 2005
 the Company entered into a bank line of credit agreement (the &#147;Credit Agreement&#148;) with Bank of
America
 N.A.
 which provided for revolving loans and letters of credit up to $11.0 million. In March 2008
 the Company amended the Credit Agreement with Bank of America to establish an inter-creditor agreement with another lender (Note 5). In
August 2010
 the Company amended the Credit Agreement to decrease the maximum borrowing limit on revolving loans to $10.0 million and extended the expiration date to August&nbsp;20
 2012. In December 2011
 the Company entered into a second amended
and restated credit facility with Bank of America that
 among other things
 provided for an increase in its line of credit to $20.0 million and an extension of the term through August 2014. In March 2013
 the Company entered into another amendment
to its credit facility. This amendment provides for
 among other things
 an increase in the line of credit to $40.0 million and extension of the term through August 2016. The Credit Agreement is collateralized by substantially all of the
The Company may select from three interest rate options for borrowings under the credit facility:
(i)&nbsp;LIBOR (as defined in the credit facility) plus 1.25%
 (ii)&nbsp;IBOR (as defined in the credit facility) plus 1.25% or (iii)&nbsp;Prime Rate (as defined in the credit facility). Weighted average interest was 1.45%
 2.74% and 1.68% for the
years ended March&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. The Company is required to pay a commitment fee on the unused credit facility commitments
 if the outstanding balance is less than half the commitment at an annual rate

 



 
ranging from 0.25% to 0.40% depending on the utilization rate. As of March&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 there was $33.0 million and $7.2 million
 respectively
 of availability for borrowings under the
The credit facility contains restrictions on
 among other things
Company&#146;s ability to incur additional indebtedness
 pay dividends or make other distributions and make investments and loans. The credit facility also limits Company&#146;s ability to make capital expenditures in excess of $15.0 million. The
credit facility requires that the Company maintain a Funded Debt (as defined in the credit facility) to Adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the credit facility) ratio of not more than 2.75 to 1.0 and a minimum Net Worth (as defined in the credit
facility) equal to at least $50.0 million
 plus 30% of earnings after taxes earned each quarter (if positive)


 as defined in the Credit Agreement include a net income covenant
 total liabilities to tangible net worth
covenant and a minimum fixed charge coverage covenant
 through the term of the agreement. The Credit Agreement requires the Company to submit interim and annual financial statements by specified dates after each reporting period. The Company was in
compliance with the financial covenants as of March&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012. 
 


 the Company had entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the &#147;Loan Agreement&#148;) with Hercules Technology II
 L.P. (&#147;Hercules&#148;). The Loan Agreement provided for a loan
in an aggregate principal amount up to $7.0 million (the &#147;Term Loan&#148;) and required the Company to draw an initial tranche of $4.0 million upon the execution of the Loan Agreement. The Loan Agreement provided the Company the ability to draw
additional Term Loan advances in an aggregate amount up to $3.0 million in minimum increments of $1.0 million
 of which the Company drew $2.0 million in August 2008. In connection with the Loan Agreement
 the Company had issued a warrant to Hercules
to purchase 80
560 shares of Series A 2005 Convertible Preferred Stock
 and incurred approximately $215
000 for debt issuance costs. The fair value of the warrant
 which was determined using Black-Scholes option-pricing model upon issuance
approximated $431
The outstanding principal balance of the Term Loan bore interest at a rate of per annum equal to
greater of the LIBOR Rate plus 6.5% and 10% and had an additional 2% paid-in-kind interest. Interest was payable monthly with all principal balance payable upon maturity. The Term Loan permitted the Company to prepay all principal balances with a
prepayment charge. In August 2010
 the Company repaid the entire $6.0 million of the then outstanding principal balance and incurred a prepayment charge of $60
000. The terms of the Loan Agreement required the Company to comply with various
covenants. Through August 2010
 when the Term Loan was repaid
 the Company was in compliance with the terms of the Loan Agreement. 
 
Agreement with Solera Capital


 the Company entered into a management agreement to supersede a prior agreement by and between the Company and Solera Capital
 LLC
 an affiliate of its principal stockholder
 Solera
Partners
 L.P.
 to retain Solera to continue to provide consulting and advisory services to the Company for a term ending on the later of: (i)&nbsp;March&nbsp;5
 2014
 or (ii)&nbsp;the date on which Solera and its affiliates cease to own at least
10% of the voting equity of the Company (including any successor thereto). Such services may include (i)&nbsp;assisting in the raising of additional debt and equity capital from time to time for the Company
 if deemed advisable by the Board of
Directors of the Company
 (ii)&nbsp;assisting the Company in its long-term strategic planning generally
 and (iii)&nbsp;providing such other consulting and advisory services as the Company may reasonably request. 
 



In consideration of Solera providing the services listed above
 effective April&nbsp;1
2011
 the Company agreed to pay Solera an annual advisory fee of $600
000
 payable quarterly in advance on the first day of each calendar quarter
 provided
 however
 that the fee for the calendar quarter commencing April&nbsp;1
 2011 was due within
10 days of date of the agreement. The Company also agreed to reimburse Solera for Solera&#146;s out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the investment by Solera in the Company in the performance of Solera&#146;s duties under the
agreement. During the years ended March&nbsp;31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company incurred $0.6 million and $0.4 million
 respectively
 for such consulting and advisory services. The advisory services agreement with Solera was terminated upon the
On
March&nbsp;18
 2013
 the Company concurrently with the closing of the secondary public offering repurchased 500
000 shares of its common stock from Solera in a private
 non-underwritten transaction at a price of $38.25 per share. The price paid by
the Company was equal to the price paid by the underwriters in the secondary public offering. 
 


 Berkeley
 California on November&nbsp;15
 2010 with an initial term that began on
March&nbsp;1
 2011 and expires in February 2016. The space was comprised of 25
127 square feet of office space and 8
384 square feet of warehouse space. Pursuant to the Lease
 the landlord reserved the right to elect to recapture from the Company
and lease to a third party
 a portion of the warehouse space comprising not more than 6
525 square feet (&#147;Recapture Space&#148;)
 subject to certain terms and conditions provided for by the Lease. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 the Company had
a right of first refusal to lease the Recapture Space. The lease term for the Recapture Space was coterminous with the initial term
 including any extensions. Further
 in the event that the landlord did not elect to recapture the Recapture Space
the Company had the right
 upon written notice to the landlord
 to elect to lease the Recapture Space
 in which event the landlord would build out the Recapture Space for office use. On September&nbsp;25
 2012
 the Company exercised the right and
The Lease Amendment provided (i)&nbsp;for the
reconfiguration of the warehouse space to additional office space in order to accommodate growth
 and (ii)&nbsp;the Company with a first option to extend the initial term of the Lease for three years (the &#147;First Option&#148;) followed by a
second option to extend the Lease for an additional two years (the &#147;Second Option&#148; and
 together with the First Option
 the &#147;Option Periods&#148;). Concurrently with the execution of the Lease Amendment
 the Company exercised the
First Option to extend the initial lease for an additional three years to February 2019. The terms
 covenants and conditions of the Lease
 as amended
 will continue to govern the Options Periods
 except that the applicable monthly rent for the
Option Periods will be equal to 95% of the fair market rental rate for the property
 however
 the monthly rent payable during the Option Periods will not be less than the monthly rent payable during the immediately preceding month of the initial
term or First Option period
 as applicable. The landlord is required to deliver to the Company a notice of the fair market rental rate for the property no later than August&nbsp;1
 2015. If the Company does not agree with the proposed fair market
rental rate
 then the term of the lease will expire at the end of the initial term in February 2016. In such event
 the Company will have to reimburse to the landlord an amount not to exceed 40% of the total tenant improvement allowance plus
interest
Rent expense for non-cancellable operating lease with scheduled rent
increases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Rent expense for the years ended March&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011 was approximately $532
000
 $480
000 and $309
000
 respectively. 
 



Future minimum lease payments under the noncancelable operating leases as of March&nbsp;31
2013 are as follows (in thousands): 


























































3
871









 directly or through contract manufacturers
 to purchase ingredients to be used in the future to manufacture its products. As of March&nbsp;31
2013
 the Company&#146;s purchase commitments totaled $10.4 million
In
September 2011
 the Company entered into an agreement with its contract warehousing company that includes minimum overhead fees of $200
000 annually beginning April&nbsp;1
 2012 through June 2015. As of March&nbsp;31
 2013
 the remaining obligation
under the agreement for overhead fees was $450
In November 2011
 the Company entered into an agreement with one of its
contract manufacturers for the purchase of product formulas for a purchase price of $2.0 million. The agreement requires annual payments of at least $150
000 in each of the first six years of the agreement with the balance of the $2.0&nbsp;million
payment due at the end of the seven-year term in November 2018. As of March&nbsp;31
 2013


 the Company enters into
contracts that contain a variety of representations and provide for general indemnifications. The Company&#146;s exposure under these agreements is unknown because it involves claims that may be made against the Company in the future but have not
yet been made. To date
 the Company has not paid any claims or been required to defend any action related to its indemnification obligations
 and
 accordingly
 the Company believes that the estimated fair value of these indemnification obligations
is minimal and has not accrued any amounts for these obligations. 
From time to time
 the Company is subject to claims and assessments in the ordinary course of business. The Company is not currently a
party to any litigation matter that
 individually or in the aggregate
 is expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s business
 financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows. 
 
Immediately prior to the closing of the IPO in April&nbsp;2
 2012
 the outstanding shares of convertible preferred
stock were automatically converted into 15
221
571 shares of common stock. No shares of convertible preferred stock were authorized
 issued or outstanding at March&nbsp;31
 2013. 
 



The convertible preferred stock at March&nbsp;31
 2012 consists of the following (in
thousands
 except shares): 




























Proceeds
&nbsp;Net&nbsp;of



























3
802
086



3
802
084



23
374



41
418





4
806
000



4
806
000



30
999



50
226





3
738
469



3
673
469



27
000



40
783























12
346
555



12
281
553



81
373



132
427





















 2012 and 2011
 the convertible preferred stockholders received cash dividends of $1.07 and $0.99 per share
 respectively
 or approximately $13.1 million and
$12.2 million in the aggregate
 respectively
 as a result of participating in the common stock dividend. 
The holders of shares of convertible preferred stock had the right
 at the election of the holders of at least a majority of such series
of preferred stock
 to convert such shares into that number of shares of common stock equal to the applicable initial purchase price divided by the conversion price then in effect. No fractional shares of common stock could be issued upon such
conversion. Initially
 such conversion would have been on a 1-for-1 basis
 subject to adjustment for any stock dividend
 stock split
 reclassification
 recapitalization
 consolidation or similar event. In addition
 the holders of shares of
convertible preferred stock were entitled to anti-dilution protection
 which provided that
 subject to certain exceptions
 upon a subsequent dilutive issuance of common stock for a purchase price per share of less than the applicable conversion
price then in effect
 the conversion price of such series of preferred stock would be adjusted on a weighted average basis. As a result
 the conversion ratio of convertible preferred stock to common stock would be adjusted accordingly. On
March&nbsp;7
 2012
 the Company declared a stock split effected as a stock dividend of 0.239385 shares for each share of common stock. As a result
 the conversion ratio for each series of convertible preferred stock as of March&nbsp;31
 2012 was
1-for-1.239385. Immediately prior to the closing of the IPO
 the outstanding shares of convertible preferred stock were automatically converted into 15
221
571 shares of common stock. 
 
In March 2008
 in connection with the Term Loan (Note 5)
 the Company had issued a warrant to Hercules for the purchase
of 80
560 shares of Series A 2005 Convertible Preferred Stock at an exercise price of $8.07 per share. The fair value of the warrant
 which was determined using Black-Scholes option-pricing model upon issuance
 approximated $431
000 (Note 2). The
warrant was immediately exercisable on the date of issuance and was scheduled to expire at the earlier of five years from a qualifying IPO of the Company&#146;s common stock or April&nbsp;1
 2018. Upon the consummation of the Company&#146;s IPO on
April&nbsp;2
 2012
 the warrant became a warrant to purchase 80
560 shares of our common stock and the related convertible preferred stock warrant liability was reclassified to additional paid-in capital. On April&nbsp;12
 2012
 Hercules exercised
the warrant to purchase 80
560 shares of our common stock by surrendering 17
367 shares to pay for the exercise. As a result
 the Company issued Hercules 63
193 shares of common stock. 
 



As of April&nbsp;2
 2012
 the Company measured the fair value of the outstanding convertible
preferred stock warrant using an option pricing method with several possible distribution outcomes depending on the timing and kind of liquidity event utilizing the following assumptions: 











April&nbsp;2
&nbsp;2012

























.&nbsp;The Company derived the remaining contractual life based on the
remaining term through actual exercise on April&nbsp;12
.&nbsp;The risk-free interest
rate was based upon U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with remaining terms similar to the expected term of the warrant. 
.&nbsp;Since prior to the IPO
 the Company was a private entity with no historical data regarding the volatility of its
preferred stock
 the expected volatility used was based upon the volatility of a group of similar entities
 referred to as &#147;guideline&#148; companies. In evaluating similarity
 the Company considered factors such as industry
 stage of life
Although the Company in the past declared dividends
 no future dividends are
expected to be available to benefit warrant holder
 and
 accordingly


 the Company corrected errors in the measurement of the convertible preferred stock warrant liability through March&nbsp;31
 2011 and recorded a loss of $518
000 included in other
income (expense)
Prior to April&nbsp;2
 2012
 the Company
categorized the convertible preferred stock warrant liability as a Level 3 financial liability since there was no market activity for the underlying shares of the 2005 Convertible Preferred Stock. 
The following table sets forth a summary of the changes in the fair value of the Company&#146;s Level 3 financial liabilities (in
thousands): 










April&nbsp;2
&nbsp;2012


Fair value at March&nbsp;31
 2012


2
157


Change in fair value recorded in other income (expense)
 net











Fair value at April&nbsp;2
 2012


2
170








 
As of March&nbsp;31
 2013
 the Company&#146;s Charter authorized 5
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 $0.001 par value
per share. As of March&nbsp;31
 2013
 no certificate of designations defining the rights and preferences of the preferred stock had been filed and no shares of preferred stock were outstanding. 
As of March&nbsp;31
 2012
 the Company&#146;s Charter authorized 18
867
086 shares of preferred stock
 $0.001 par value per share.
12
346
555 of such authorized preferred stock were designated as convertible preferred stock
 12
281
553 of which were issued and outstanding (see Note 8). No certificate of designation defining the rights and preferences of the remaining 6
455
531
shares of preferred stock
 had been filed and none of such shares of preferred stock were outstanding. 
 



 
As of March&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company&#146;s Charter authorized 30
000
000 and 24
000
000 shares of common
stock
 $0.001 par value per share
 respectively
 of which 16
849
016 and 483
242 shares were issued and outstanding
 respectively. Each share of the common stock has the right to one vote. The holders of common stock are also entitled to receive
dividends out of funds legally available therefor and if
 as and when declared by the Company&#146;s Board of Directors. During the fiscal years ended March&nbsp;31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company declared and paid common shareholders cash dividends of
$0.86 and $0.80 per share
 respectively
 or approximately $408
000 and $371
000 in the aggregate
 respectively. No dividends were declared or paid during fiscal year ended March&nbsp;31
 2013. 
 


 the Board of Directors of the Company adopted the 2004 Stock Option Plan (the &#147;2004 Plan&#148;). Under the 2004 Plan
 incentive and non-qualified stock options could be granted to
eligible employees
 directors and consultants. Vesting and exercise provisions were determined by the Board of Directors at the time of grant. Options granted generally vest annually on a straight-line basis over a two- to five-year period from the
date of grant. Vested options can be exercised at any time and generally expire ten years after the grant date. Options may be exercised once vested at the price per share
 determined by the Board of Directors when granted
 which approximated the
fair market value at the grant date. In the event that an option holder&#146;s continuous service terminates
 the option holder generally has three months from the date of termination in which to exercise vested options. 
On February&nbsp;22
 2012
 the Company&#146;s compensation committee determined that no further awards would be granted under the 2004
Plan. As of March&nbsp;31
 2013
 eligible participants held options to purchase 721
247 shares of common stock under the 2004 Plan. If outstanding stock options expire or are canceled without having been fully exercised
 the underlying shares will
Annie&#146;s
 Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan 
In February 2012
 the Board of Directors adopted and the Company&#146;s shareholders approved the Omnibus Incentive Plan
 which became
effective upon the completion of IPO. A total of 867
570 shares of common stock were reserved for future issuance under the Omnibus Incentive Plan. As of March&nbsp;31
 2013
 no shares had been issued under the Plan
 436
873 shares were reserved for
issuance pursuant to outstanding awards
 and 430
697 shares remained available for future awards. Any shares covered by an award that are forfeited
 expired
 canceled
 settled in cash or otherwise terminated without delivery of shares to the grantee
will be available for future grants under the Omnibus Incentive Plan. However
 shares surrendered to or withheld by the Company in payment or satisfaction of the exercise price of an award or any tax withholding obligation with respect to an award
will not be available for the grant of new awards. The Omnibus Incentive Plan provides for grants of incentive stock options
 or ISOs
 non-qualified stock options
 or NSOs
 stock appreciation rights
 or SARs
 restricted stock
 restricted stock
units
 performance awards
The Company has granted non-qualified
stock options
 restricted stock units and performance share units to its employees from the Omnibus Incentive Plan. As of March&nbsp;31
 2013
 eligible participants held options to purchase 340
215 shares of common stock
 20
192 restricted stock
units and 50
973 performance share units under the Omnibus Incentive Plan. The options granted to employees generally vest in four equal installments beginning on the second anniversary of the grant date
 and on each anniversary thereafter
 provided
continuance of employment with the Company. The restricted stock units granted to employees vest 50% on the second anniversary of the grant date
 and the remaining 50% on the third anniversary of the grant date
 provided continuance of the
employment with the Company. The performance share units granted to employees vest based on achievement of required cumulative compounded adjusted diluted earnings per share growth during the three-year period beginning April&nbsp;1
 2012 and ending
March&nbsp;31
 2015. 
 





615 shares of common stock to certain key management prior to fiscal 2012
 all of which were vested in full as of
March&nbsp;31
 2012. Vesting and exercise provisions were determined by the Board of Directors at the time of grant. Options granted vested according to the performance feature underlying the grant. Vested options can be exercised at any time and
expire generally five to ten years after the grant date. In the event that an option holder&#146;s continuous service terminates
 the option holder generally has three months from the date of termination in which to exercise vested options. As of
March&nbsp;31
 2013
 such management held options to purchase 142


 non-plan option awards and Omnibus Incentive Plan is set forth below: 
















































Balance
 March&nbsp;31
 2012


1
759
367

















91
239

















(15
606

















(631
010
































Balance
 March&nbsp;31
 2013


1
203
990
































Vested and expected to vest&#151;March 31
 2013


990
823











27
000




















Exercisable&#151;March 31
 2013


747
273











22
816



















The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding at March&nbsp;31
 2013: 




































167
835







167
835





253
501







253
501





23
789







23
789





77
101







77
101





186
624







181
668





154
925







43
379





248
976













91
239



























1
203
990







747
273















The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of stock options. The
valuation model for stock compensation expense requires the Company to make assumptions and judgments about the variables used in the calculation including the expected term (weighted-average period of time that the options granted are expected to
be outstanding); volatility of the Company&#146;s common stock
 an assumed-risk-free interest rate and the estimated forfeitures of unvested stock options. 
 















Fiscal Year Ended March&nbsp;31









































.&nbsp;Under our Omnibus Incentive Plan
 the fair value of the shares of
common stock underlying the stock options is defined as the closing price of our common stock on the date of the grant. Prior to the IPO
 the fair value of the shares of common stock underlying the stock options had historically been determined by
the Board of Directors. Because there had been no public market for the Company&#146;s common stock prior to March&nbsp;28
 2012
 the Board of Directors determined fair value of the common stock at the time of grant of the option by considering a
number of objective and subjective factors including valuation of comparable companies
 sales of convertible preferred stock to unrelated third parties

.&nbsp;The Company derived the expected term using several factors including the
ratio of market value to the strike price
 volatility
 proximity to recent vesting and the remaining option term. In addition
 the Company considered behavioral factors including portfolio diversification
 liquidity considerations
 risk aversion and
tax planning in its model to determine the expected term. Additionally


 the expected
volatility used is based upon the volatility of a group of similar entities
 referred to as &#147;guideline&#148; companies. In evaluating similarity
 the Company considered factors such as industry
 stage of life cycle and size. 
.&nbsp;The risk-free interest rate is based upon U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with remaining terms
.&nbsp;Although the Company in the past while it was a
privately held company declared dividends
 no future dividends are expected to be available to benefit option holders
 and
 accordingly
 the Company used an expected dividend yield of zero in the valuation model. 
 The Company is required to estimate forfeitures at the time of grant
 and revise those estimates in subsequent
periods if actual forfeitures differ or are expected to differ from those estimates. The Company uses historical data to estimate pre-vesting option forfeitures and record stock based compensation expense only for those awards that are expected to
vest. To the extent actual forfeitures differ from the estimates


 analysis
of employee turnover
The total intrinsic value of share options exercised during the years ended
March&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011 was $21.4 million
 $635
000 and $37
000
 respectively. The intrinsic value is calculated based on the difference between the exercise price and the fair value of the common stock at time of exercise. 
The weighted average grant date fair value of the employee stock options granted during the years ended March&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012 was
$13.93 and $7.62 per share
 respectively. No employee stock options were granted in fiscal 2011. 
 



Stock-based compensation expense included in selling
 general and administrative expenses
for the years ended March&nbsp;31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 was approximately $1.1 million
 $0.5 million and $0.4 million
 respectively. The related tax benefit for stock-based compensation was $0.4 million
 $0.2 million and $0.1 million for the years
ended March&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
The following table summarizes the activity of unvested restricted stock units and
performance share units: 




















Unvested at March 31
 2012


65
899









10
398



















(5
132
















Unvested at March 31
 2013


71
165















As of March&nbsp;31
 2013
 there were 50
973 unvested performance share units outstanding
 net of actual
forfeitures. As of March&nbsp;31
 2013
 the number of shares estimated to be issued at the end of the performance period is a total of 25
493 shares
 for which the Company recorded an expense of $130
000
 net of estimated forfeitures during fiscal
2013. The maximum number of total shares that could be issued at the end of performance period is 76
As of
March&nbsp;31
 2013
 there was $3.3 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested share-based compensation arrangements which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 3.4 years. 
 
The Company offers a retirement savings plan under Section&nbsp;401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. The plan covers
all employees who meet minimum age and service requirements and allows participants to defer a portion of their annual compensation on a pre-tax basis. Under the plan
 the Company match was increased from 25% to 50% during third quarter of fiscal
2013 up to a maximum of 6% of eligible compensation
 not to exceed $4
000. Contribution expense was not material for the years presented. 
 
 



















Fiscal Year Ended March&nbsp;31































6
111



4
205









1
823



1
894























7
934



6
099



1
387









































4
220









































4
161













(11
295



























(7
134



















8
318



6
588



(5
747
















 



The reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate to the Company&#146;s effective tax is presented
below: 


















Fiscal&nbsp;Year&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;March&nbsp;31




























State income taxes
 net of federal benefit














































































































During fiscal 2013
 the Company reduced its taxes payable by $8.1 million
 as a result of the exercise of
non-qualified stock options. The excess tax benefit associated with stock-based compensation of $20.0 million for the fiscal year ended March&nbsp;31
 2013
 was recorded in additional-paid-in-capital. 
The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets are presented below (in
thousands): 


















March&nbsp;31































3
749



3
975



4
804





1
332



1
441



1
130





1
211







1
004






























Other
 net






























7
801



7
527



7
898

































7
373



7
103



7
562






























Property
 plant and equipment


(1
111



























(1
111



























6
262



6
645



7
134















As of March&nbsp;31
 2013
 the Company has a $5.1 million state capital loss carryforward resulting from
the disposition of Fantastic Foods in fiscal 2009
 for which a full valuation allowance is recorded because management believes it is more likely than not that the Company will not generate a capital gain needed to be able to offset the state
capital loss. 



















March&nbsp;31

















9
276



9
931



12
020





7
165



7
686



6
070

These NOL carryforwards are available to offset future federal and state taxable income through 2028 and
2033
 respectively. Pursuant to Section&nbsp;382 of the Internal Revenue Code
 if there is a change in stock ownership 
 



 
of the Company exceeding 50% during a three-year period
 the utilization of the Company&#146;s NOL carryforwards may be limited. The business acquisitions in fiscal 2005 resulted in a change in
stock ownership and
 consequently


 the Company is subject to
examination by taxing authorities. These audits include questioning the timing and amount of deductions
 the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with federal
 state
 and local tax laws. Due to net operating loss
carryovers
 the Company is open for U.S. federal
 state and local income tax examinations for fiscal 1998 until 2003 and then once again for U.S. federal income tax examinations for fiscal 2010 and beyond and for state and local income tax
The Company did not have any unrecognized tax positions at March&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012
and 2011 that if recognized would affect the annual effective tax rate. During the years ended March&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 the Company did not record any accrued interest or penalties for federal and state income tax purposes. It is
difficult to predict the final timing and resolution of any particular uncertain tax position. Based on the Company&#146;s assessment
 including past experience and complex judgments about future events
 the Company does not expect that changes in
the liability for unrecognized tax benefits during the next twelve months will have a significant impact on its financial position or results of operations. 
 
The following outstanding shares of potentially dilutive securities were excluded from the computation of diluted net
income per share of common stock for the periods presented
 because including them would have been anti-dilutive: 


















Fiscal Year Ended March&nbsp;31





















15
221
571



15
221
571





91
239



379
304













16
700













80
560























91
239



15
698
135



15
221
571
















 



A reconciliation of the numerator and denominator used in the calculation of the basic and
diluted net income per share attributable to common stockholders is as follows (in thousands except share and per share amounts): 


















Fiscal Year Ended March&nbsp;31










































11
551



9
589



20
155









13
141



12
159









(3
842



7
400



















11
551






































Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding used in computing net income attributable to common
stockholders&#151;basic


17
129
334



469
089



461
884


Potential dilutive options
 as calculated using treasury stock method


570
210



641
999



703
561


Potential restricted stock units
 as calculated using treasury stock method


8
295










Potential dilutive warrants
 as calculated using treasury stock method










35
680
















Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding used in computing net income attributable to common
stockholders&#151;diluted


17
707
839



1
111
088



1
201
125




































































































 
The Company&#146;s net sales by geographic areas
 based on the location to where the product was shipped
 are
summarized as follows (in thousands): 


















Fiscal Year Ended March&nbsp;31

















162
749



136
803



114
454





7
228



4
501



3
162



















169
977



141
304



117
616















The following table sets forth net sales by product category expressed as dollar amounts (in thousands):



















Fiscal Year Ended March&nbsp;31

















79
270



60
624



49
168





66
844



56
789



44
687


Dressings
 condiments and other


23
863



23
891



23
761



















169
977



141
304



117
616
















 



 
In January 2013
 the Company announced a voluntary product recall of certified organic and made with organic pizza
products due to the possible presence of fragments of flexible metal mesh from a faulty screen at a third-party flour mill. The Company initiated the recall of all lots of pizza product manufactured with this supplier&#146;s flour from its first
purchase from the supplier in May 2012. The Company recorded certain items associated with the recall in its financial results for the fiscal year ended March&nbsp;31


 related costs associated with product returns
 destruction charges
 inventory write-off and costs incurred by
contract manufacturers as cost of sales
 and administrative costs associated with the recall such as legal expenses as selling
 general and administrative expenses. As a result of the voluntary product recall
 the Company recorded an estimated
accrual for product returns and recall-related costs of approximately $2.4 million for the fiscal year ended March&nbsp;31
 2013 as follows (in thousands except per share amount): 























1
096





1
080

















2
347











1
364



















The accrual for product returns is based on Company&#146;s estimate of cases of pizza products at retail
stores and is derived from third-party data and other assumptions. A high degree of judgment is required in estimating consumer returns
 shelf and in-stock inventory at retailers across distribution channels
 fees and incentives to be earned by
customers for their effort to return the products
 future freight rates and consumers claims. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The Company expects to incur approximately $0.4 million of additional costs associated with the voluntary
The Company carries product recall insurance and expects to recover a substantial portion of the
recall-related costs from its insurance. The Company may seek to recover additional costs from the third-party flour mill. The Company has submitted its claim to the insurance company and
 as of May&nbsp;31
 2013
 has so far recovered $0.4 million
against the claims submitted. The impact of this recovery from the insurance is included in net sales in the table above. 
 
On May&nbsp;30
 2013 the Company granted 22
230
 7
640 and 32
460 non-qualified stock options
 restricted stock units
and performance share units
 respectively
 to its employees from the Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 



ITEM&nbsp;9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON




Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management
 including our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer
Our management
including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on this review
 the principal executive officer and principal financial officer of the Company
have concluded that the Company&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) were effective as of March&nbsp;31
 2013. 


 as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f). The Company&#146;s
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i)&nbsp;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
Company; (ii)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the Company
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the
Internal control over financial
reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements prepared for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of
its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions
Our management
with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer

Internal Control &#151; Integrated Framework
 
control over financial reporting was effective as of March&nbsp;31
 2013. 
There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the
Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarterly period ended March&nbsp;31
 2013 that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting. 


 







&#148;
&#147;Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance&#148; and &#147;Corporate Governance&#148; in our Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders
We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to all of
our directors
 officers and employees
 including our principal executive
 financial and accounting officers
 or persons performing similar functions. Our Code of Ethics is posted under Corporate Governance on the Investor Relations page of our
corporate website
 www.annies.com. We intend to make any required disclosures regarding any amendments of our Code of Ethics or waivers granted to any of our directors or executive officers under our Code of Ethics on our website. 

The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the information in the 2013 Proxy Statement under the headings
&#147;Executive Compensation
&#148; &#147;Corporate Governance
&#148; &#147;Executive Compensation &#151; Compensation Committee Report&#148; and &#147;Director Compensation.&#148; 



ITEM&nbsp;13. CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the information in the 2013 Proxy Statement under the headings
&#147;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions&#148; and &#147;Corporate Governance.&#148; 

The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the information in the 2013 Proxy Statement under the headings
&#147;Auditor&#146;s Fees and Services&#148; and &#147;Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures Relating to Services by Auditor.&#148; 
 





 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 



Financial Statements: See &#147;Index to Consolidated Financial Statements&#148; in Part II
 Item&nbsp;8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K 




Exhibits: The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

 



 
Pursuant to the requirements of Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized. 










Date: June&nbsp;14
 2013




































 that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints John M. Foraker and Kelly J. Kennedy
 his/her attorney-in-fact
 each with the power of
substitution
 for him/her in any and all capacities
 to sign any amendments in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 and to file the same
 with exhibits thereto and other documents in connections therewith
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission
hereby ratifying and conforming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact
 or his substitutes


 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. 
























June&nbsp;14
&nbsp;2013










officer)

June&nbsp;14
 2013










June&nbsp;14
 2013










June&nbsp;14
 2013










June&nbsp;14
 2013










June&nbsp;14
 2013










June&nbsp;14
 2013

 



 
























































April&nbsp;3
&nbsp;2012
























February&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2012

















































March 16
 2012











Third Amended and Restated Stockholders&#146; Agreement dated as of November&nbsp;22
 2011












December 1
 2011











Termination Agreement by and between the Registrant and Solera dated as of July 26
 2013












July 30
 2012











Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement dated as of November&nbsp;14
 2005












December 1
 2011











Warrant Agreement by and between the Registrant and Hercules Technology II
 L.P. dated as of March&nbsp;28
 2008












December 1
 2011
























February 24
 2012
























December 1
 2011
























December 1
 2011
























December 1
 2011
























March 9
 2012
























March 9
 2012











Stock Option Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and John Foraker dated as of April&nbsp;27
 2011+












December 1
 2011











Stock Option Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and Sarah Bird dated as of April&nbsp;27
 2011+












December 1
 2011











Second Amended and Restated Loan Agreement between the Registrant and Bank of America
 N.A. dated as of December&nbsp;21
 2011












January 18
 2012











Amended and Restated Security Agreement between the Registrant and Bank of America
 N.A. dated as of August&nbsp;25
 2010












January 18
 2012

 




















































Office Lease for 1610 Fifth Street
 Berkeley
 California 94613
 between the Registrant and Cedar/Fourth Street Partners dated as of November&nbsp;15
 2010












January 18
 2012











Warehousing of Goods Agreement between the Registrant and Distribution 2000
 Inc. dated as of September&nbsp;30
 2011&#134;












March 9
 2012




Revised Contract Manufacturing and Packaging Agreement between Annie&#146;s Homegrown
 Inc. and Philadelphia Macaroni Company (dba Conte Luna Foods) dated as of April&nbsp;1
2007&#134;












March&nbsp;9
&nbsp;2012











Contract Manufacturing and Packaging Agreement between Annie&#146;s Homegrown
 Inc. and Harmony Foods Corp. (dba Santa Cruz Nutritionals) dated as of April&nbsp;18
2008&#134;












March 9
 2012











Contract Manufacturing and Packaging Agreement between Annie&#146;s Homegrown
 Inc. and Chelten House Products
 Inc. dated as of May&nbsp;29
 2009&#134;












March 9
 2012











Contract Manufacturing and Packaging Agreement between Homegrown Naturals
 Inc. and Leone Industries dated as of January&nbsp;12
 2007&#134;












March 9
 2012











Addendum to Contract Manufacturing and Packaging Agreement between Homegrown Naturals
 Inc. and Leone Industries dated as of June&nbsp;30
 2009&#134;












March 9
 2012











Product Supply Agreement between Annie&#146;s Homegrown
 Inc. and Dairiconcepts
 L.P. dated as of November&nbsp;1
 2011&#134;












March 9
 2012











Services Agreement between the Registrant and Solera Capital
 LLC dated as of April&nbsp;27
 2011












January 18
 2012











Termination Agreement between the Registrant and Solera Capital
 LLC dated as of February 2
 2012












February 24
 2012











Separation Agreement and Release dated April 19
 2011 between the Registrant and Steven Jackson+












January 18
 2012











Reaffirmation of Amended and Restated Security Agreement between the Registrant and Bank of America
 N.A.












January 18
 2012











Executive Employment Agreement between the Registrant and John Foraker dated as of February 22
 2012+












February&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2012

 




















































Annie&#146;s
 Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan+












March 9
 2012
























March 9
 2012
























March&nbsp;16
&nbsp;2012
























March 9
 2012











Distribution Agreement between the Registrant and United Natural Foods
 Inc. dated as of January&nbsp;1
 2012&#134;












March&nbsp;9
 2012




First Amendment to Office Lease&nbsp;by and between Cedar/Fourth Street Partners and the Registrant dated as of September&nbsp;25
 2012












October&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2012











Amended and Restated Contract Manufacturing and Packaging Agreement between the Registrant and Philadelphia Macaroni Company dated as of September 25
 2012&#134;












October 31
 2012











Amendment to Contract Manufacturing and Packaging Agreement between the Registrant and Chelten House Products
 Inc. dated as of September 25
 2012&#134;












October&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2012











Contract Manufacturing and Packaging Agreement between the Registrant and Little Lady Foods
 Inc. dated as of September 28
 2012&#134;












October 31
 2012











Share Repurchase Agreement entered into as of February 28
 2013
 by and among the Registrant and Solera Partners
 L.P. and SCI Partners
 L.P.












March 1
 2013











Amendment No. 1 to the Second Amended and Restated Loan Agreement dated as of March 7
 2013 between Bank of America
 N.A. and the Registrant












March 8
 2013











Reaffirmation of Amended and Restated Security Agreement dated as of March 7
 2013 between Bank of America
 N.A. and the Registrant












March 8
 2013











Offer Letter between Annie&#146;s
 Inc. and Isobel Jones+












April 2
 2013



















































 






































































































Independent Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Program under the Omnibus Incentive Plan (as amended and restated effective May&nbsp;30
 2013)+






























































December&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2011





























































Certification of Principal Executive Officer Required Under Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
























Certification of Principal Financial Officer Required Under Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
























Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Required Under Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and 18 U.S.C.
&#167;1350
























The following materials from Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL) includes:
(i)&nbsp;Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31
 2013 and 2012
 (ii)&nbsp;Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 (iii)&nbsp;Consolidated Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and
Stockholders&#146; Equity (Deficit) for the years ended March 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 (iv)&nbsp;Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011 and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.






















Certain portions have been omitted pursuant to a confidential treatment request. Omitted information has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. 



Furnished or filed herewith
 as applicable 
 















 INC.


 Annie&#146;s
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) has granted on the Date of Grant (set forth below)
 pursuant to the provisions of the Company&#146;s Omnibus Incentive
Plan
 as may be amended from time to time (the &#147;Plan&#148;)
 to the Participant designated in this Notice of Grant of Stock Option Award (the &#147;Notice&#148;) an option to purchase the number of shares of the common stock of the Company set
forth in the Notice (the &#147;Shares&#148;)
 subject to certain restrictions as outlined below in this Notice and the additional provisions set forth in the attached Terms and Conditions of Stock Option Award (collectively
 the
&#147;Agreement&#148;). 
















Date of
Grant:








:
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Non-Qualified Stock Option







Expiration
Date



























































 as described below
 or after a Change in Control under the circumstances described under Section
2(c).



Termination of Service for any reason other than death
 disability or for
Cause
: any non-vested portion of
the Option is deemed vested and exercisable and the Option is exercisable by the Optionee (or
 in the event of the Optionee&#146;s death
 the Optionee&#146;s Beneficiary) for one year after the Optionee&#146;s Termination;
: any vested and non-vested portion of the
Option expires immediately and Option is no longer subject to exercise following the Optionee&#146;s Termination.


By signing below
 the Optionee agrees that this Stock Option Award is granted under and governed by the terms and
conditions of the Plan and the Agreement. 
















Annie&#146;s
 Inc.




































&nbsp;
20







 
. The Option granted to the Optionee and described in the Notice of Grant is subject to the terms and conditions
of the Company&#146;s Omnibus Incentive Plan
 as may be amended from time to time (the &#147;Plan&#148;)
 which is incorporated by reference in its entirety into these Terms and Conditions of Stock Option Award. 
The Committee has approved an award to the Optionee of a number of shares of the Company&#146;s Common Stock. For purposes of the Notice
and these Terms and Conditions
This
Option is not intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option as defined in Section&nbsp;422 of the Code. The Company intends that this Option not be considered to provide for the deferral of compensation under Section&nbsp;409A of the Code and
that this Agreement shall be so administered and construed. Further


exercisable
 in whole or in part
 during its term in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set out in the Notice of Grant and with the applicable provisions of the Plan and this Option Agreement. No Shares shall be issued pursuant to the exercise of
an Option unless the issuance and exercise comply with applicable laws. Assuming such compliance
 for income tax purposes the Shares shall be considered transferred to the Optionee on the date on which the Option is exercised with respect to such
Shares. The Committee may
 in its discretion
 (i)&nbsp;accelerate vesting of the Option
 or (ii)&nbsp;extend the applicable exercise period to the extent permitted under Section&nbsp;6.03 of the Plan. 
. The Optionee may exercise the Option by delivering an exercise notice in a form approved by the Company
(the &#147;Exercise Notice&#148;) which shall state the election to exercise the Option
 the number of Shares with respect to which the Option is being exercised
 and such other representations and agreements as may be required by the Company. The
Exercise Notice shall be accompanied by payment of the aggregate Exercise Price as to all Shares exercised. This Option shall be deemed to be exercised upon receipt by the Company of such fully executed Exercise Notice accompanied by the aggregate
. In the event of the Optionee&#146;s Termination of Service without
Cause within twenty-four(24) months after a Change in Control
 subject to the Optionee&#146;s delivering a fully effective release of claims in the form provided by the Committee
 all Options outstanding on the date of such Termination that have not
previously vested or terminated under the terms of this Agreement shall be immediately and fully vested and exercisable and the Options shall remain exercisable for a period of thirty-six (36)&nbsp;months following such Termination
 subject to
earlier termination as of the Expiration Date. In addition
 if the Option is not assumed or substituted in connection with (or would otherwise be canceled or terminated on) a Change in Control
 all Options outstanding on the date of such Change in
Control that have not previously vested or terminated under the terms of this Agreement shall be immediately and fully vested and exercisable and the Optionee shall be given a reasonable opportunity to exercise the Option prior to the Change in
. If the Optionee elects to exercise the Option by submitting an Exercise Notice under
Section&nbsp;2(b) of this Agreement
 the aggregate Exercise Price (as well as any 
 


 

 however
 that the Committee may consent
 in its discretion
 to payment in any of the following forms
 or a


(c) surrender of other Shares owned by the Optionee which have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate
(d) any other consideration that the Committee
. This Option may not be exercised


Optionee only by the Optionee; provided
 however
 that the Optionee may transfer the Option (i)&nbsp;pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order (as defined by the Code or the rules thereunder) or (ii)&nbsp;to any &#147;family member&#148; (as
defined below) of the Optionee or to a trust
 limited liability company
 family limited partnership or other equivalent vehicle
 established for the exclusive benefit of one or more family members of the Optionee by delivering to the Company a
Notice of Assignment in a form acceptable to the Company. No transfer or assignment of the Option to or on behalf of a family member under this Section&nbsp;5 shall be effective until the Company has acknowledged such transfer or assignment in
writing. For purposes of this provision
 &#147;family member&#148; has the meaning as set forth in Section A.1.(5) of the general instructions of Form S-8
 as may be amended from time to time. Following transfer
 the Options shall continue to be
subject to the same terms and conditions as were applicable immediately prior to transfer. The terms of the Plan and this Option Agreement shall be binding upon the executors
 administrators
 heirs
 successors and assigns of the Optionee.

. As a condition for participation in the Plan and the receipt of any benefits under this Agreement
 the Optionee
agrees and covenants that at any time during the Optionee&#146;s service with the Company and for a period of twenty-four (24)&nbsp;months following the Optionee&#146;s Termination of Service for any reason
 the Optionee shall not
 directly or
indirectly
 (1)&nbsp;disclose or use any confidential information pertaining to the Company
 its Affiliates or its Subsidiaries other than in the proper performance of the Optionee&#146;s duties or responsibilities with respect to the Company;
(2)&nbsp;attempt
 directly or indirectly
 to induce any employee of the Company
 its Affiliates or its Subsidiaries to be employed or perform services elsewhere; or (3)&nbsp;disparage the Company
 its Affiliates or its Subsidiaries or any of their
respective officers or directors. The determination of whether any conduct
 action or failure to act falls within the scope of activities contemplated by this Section shall be made by the Committee
 in its discretion
 and shall be final and binding
upon the Optionee. A determination that any particular conduct
 action or failure falls outside the scope of activities contemplated by this Section shall not imply that
 or be determinative of whether
 such conduct
 action or failure is otherwise
lawful or appropriate. 
 


. In the event that the Committee
determines that the Optionee has violated any of the covenants contained in Section&nbsp;6(a)
(i) all
(ii) to the extent that the Optionee
holds shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise of any vested Option
 the Optionee upon notice from the Company of the Optionee&#146;s obligations under this Section&nbsp;6(b)(ii)
 shall
 at the option of the Company
 either:
(1)&nbsp;immediately deliver to the Company an amount in cash equal to the then-Fair Market Value of such Common Stock less the aggregate exercise price paid by or on behalf of the Optionee with respect to such exercised shares
 or (2)&nbsp;sell
such Common Stock to the Company for an amount equal to the aggregate exercise price paid by or on behalf of the Optionee with respect to such exercised shares; and 
(iii) to the extent that the Optionee has disposed of shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise of any vested Option
the Optionee upon notice from the Company of the Optionee&#146;s obligations under this Section&nbsp;6(b)(iii)
 shall immediately pay the Company an amount equal to the amount realized by the Optionee upon the disposition of such Common Stock or
 if
the disposition was not an arm&#146;s-length transaction with an unrelated party
 an amount equal to the then-Fair Market Value of such Common Stock less the aggregate exercise price paid by or on behalf of the Optionee with respect to such
The notice described in subsections (ii)&nbsp;and (iii)&nbsp;above may be given at any time within twelve
Recovery of Compensation in
Connection with Financial Restatement
 if the Board determines that the Company is required to restate its financial statements due to material noncompliance with any financial
reporting requirement under the law within a period of three (3)&nbsp;years following the original issuance of such financial statements (or such longer period as may be required under applicable law)
 whether such noncompliance is the result of
misconduct or other circumstances
 the Optionee shall be required to reimburse the Company for any amounts earned or payable with respect to this Award to the extent the Board reasonably determines that the amount earned by or paid to the
Participant exceeds the amount earned or payable based on the restated financial statements
 or otherwise to the extent required by and in accordance with applicable law and any Company policies. 
. The Options and any shares of
Common Stock acquired upon exercise of any vested Option shall be subject to compliance with any applicable share ownership or retention policies adopted from time to time by the Company. 




 the Optionee shall have the right to elect to meet any withholding requirement (i)&nbsp;by having withheld from this Award at the

 


 
appropriate time that number of whole shares of Common Stock whose fair market value is equal to the amount of any taxes required to be withheld with respect to such Award
 (ii)&nbsp;by direct


. The Optionee hereby represents to the Company that the Optionee has read and fully understands the
provisions of the Notice
 these Terms and Conditions and the Plan and the Optionee&#146;s decision to participate in the Plan is completely voluntary. Further
 the Optionee acknowledges that the Optionee is relying solely on his or her own advisors
.
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Option Agreement
 no option exercise or issuance of shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Option Agreement shall be effective if (i)&nbsp;the shares reserved under the Plan are not subject to an
effective registration statement at the time of such exercise or issuance
 or otherwise eligible for an exemption from registration
 or (ii)&nbsp;the Company determines in good faith that such exercise or issuance would violate any applicable
securities or other law or regulation. 
. All notices
 requests
 deliveries
 payments
 demands and other communications which are required or permitted to be
given under these Terms and Conditions shall be in writing and shall be either delivered personally or sent by registered or certified mail
 or by private courier
 return receipt requested
 postage prepaid to the parties at their respective
addresses set forth herein
 or to such other address as either shall have specified by notice in writing to the other. Notice shall be deemed duly given hereunder when delivered or mailed as provided herein. 
. The waiver by any party hereto of a breach of any provision of the Notice or these Terms and Conditions shall not
. These Terms and
Conditions


 their respective heirs
successors
 assigns and representatives. Nothing in these Terms and Conditions
 express or implied
 is intended to confer on any person other than the parties hereto and as provided above
 their respective heirs
 successors
 assigns and
representatives any rights
 remedies
. The Notice and these Terms and
. The
headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference
 and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of these Terms and Conditions. 
 


. The provisions of the Plan are incorporated in these Terms
and Conditions in their entirety. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of these Terms and Conditions and the Plan
 the provisions of the Plan shall control. The Agreement may be amended at any time by written agreement of the parties
. Nothing in the Notice or these Terms and Conditions shall confer upon the


 upon demand of the Company or the Committee
 to do all acts and execute
 deliver and perform all additional documents
 instruments and agreements which
may be reasonably required by the Company or the Committee
 as the case may be
 to implement the provisions and purposes of the Notice and these Terms and Conditions and the Plan. 
 















 INC.


 Annie&#146;s
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) has granted on the Grant Date (set forth below)
 pursuant to the provisions of the Company&#146;s Omnibus Incentive Plan
as may be amended from time to time (the &#147;Plan&#148;)
 to the Participant designated in this Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Unit Award (the &#147;Notice&#148;) the number of Restricted Stock Units set forth in the Notice representing the
right to receive shares of the common stock of the Company in the future subject to the terms
 conditions and restrictions as outlined below in this Notice and the additional provisions set forth in the attached Terms and Conditions of Restricted
Participant:
# of
Subject to the provisions contained in Sections 4
 5 and 6 of the Terms and Conditions
the Restricted Stock Units shall vest
 and the applicable Restrictions set forth in the Terms and Conditions shall lapse
 in the event the Participant does not have a Termination of Service prior to the applicable vesting date under the following
schedule: 








































Notwithstanding the
foregoing vesting schedule
 the Restricted Stock Units will be become fully vested and no longer subject to forfeiture (i)&nbsp;in the event of the Participant&#146;s Termination of Service due to death or disability (as determined by the Committee
in its sole discretion)
 or (ii)&nbsp;in certain circumstances in connection with a Change in Control of the Company as set forth under the provisions of Section&nbsp;4(c) of the Terms and Conditions.
 Prior to vesting and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units
 the Restricted Stock Units shall accrue Dividend Units in
accordance with
 and as defined in
By signing below
 the Participant agrees that this
Restricted Stock Unit Award is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Agreement and the Plan. 
















Annie&#146;s
 Inc.




































&nbsp;
20







 
These Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Award relate to the Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Unit Award attached hereto (the
&#147;Notice&#148;
 and collectively with these Terms and Conditions
 the &#147;Agreement&#148;)
 by and between the Annie&#146;s Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) and the Participant designated in the Notice. 
The Committee has approved an award to the Participant under the Company&#146;s Omnibus Incentive Plan
 as may be amended from time to time (the
&#147;Plan&#148;) of the number of Restricted Stock Units set forth in the Notice representing the right to receive a corresponding number of shares of the Company&#146;s Common Stock (&#147;Shares&#148;) in the future subject to the terms
conditions and restrictions set forth in the Agreement. For purposes of the Agreement


forth in the Notice
 the Company has granted to the Participant the number of Restricted Stock Units set forth in the Notice (the &#147;Units&#148;). The Units are subject to the restrictions set forth in Section&nbsp;2 of this Agreement and the
(b) The Units granted under this Agreement shall be reflected in a bookkeeping account
maintained by the Company during the Restricted Period. If and when the Units become vested and the restrictions set forth in Section&nbsp;2 expire in accordance with the terms of this Agreement
 and upon the satisfaction of all other applicable
conditions as to the Units
 such Units (and any related Dividend Units described in Section&nbsp;1(c) below) not forfeited pursuant to Section&nbsp;4 hereof shall be settled as provided in Section&nbsp;1(e) of this Agreement and otherwise in
(c) With respect to each Unit
 whether or not vested
 that has not been forfeited (but only to the
extent such award of Units has not been settled)
 the Company shall
 with respect to any cash dividends paid on the Share underlying such Unit
 accrue and credit to the Participant&#146;s bookkeeping account a number of Restricted Stock Units having
a Fair Market Value as of the date such dividend is paid equal to the cash dividends that would have been paid with respect to the Share underlying such Unit if it were an outstanding Share (the &#147;Dividend Units&#148;). These Dividend Units
thereafter shall (i)&nbsp;be treated as Units for purposes of future dividend accruals pursuant to this Section&nbsp;1(c); and (ii)&nbsp;vest in such amounts (rounded to the nearest whole Dividend Unit) at the same time as the Unit with respect to
which such Dividend Units were received. Any dividends or distributions on a Share underlying a Unit paid other than in cash shall accrue and be credited in the Participant&#146;s bookkeeping account and shall vest at the same time as the Unit in
respect of which they are made (in each case in the same form
 based on the same record date and at the same time
 as such dividend or other distribution is paid on such Share). 
(d) The Company&#146;s obligations under this Agreement (with respect to both the Units and the Dividend Units
 if any) shall be unfunded
and unsecured
 and no special or separate fund shall be established and no other segregation of assets shall be made. The rights of the Participant under this Agreement shall be no greater than those of a general unsecured creditor of the Company.
In addition
 the Units shall be subject to such restrictions as the Company may deem advisable under the rules
 regulations and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission
 any stock exchange upon which Shares are then listed
 any
(e) Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or the
Plan
 settlement of the Units in accordance with the provisions of this Section&nbsp;1(e) shall occur as soon as practicable after the end 


 
of the Restricted Period (as defined below)
 and upon the satisfaction of all other applicable conditions as to the Units (including the payment by the Participant of all applicable withholding
taxes)
 but in no event later than March&nbsp;15 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Unit vests. Any vested Unit shall be settled solely in one Share
 unless the Committee otherwise determines in its sole discretion that
the Unit shall be settled in another form of consideration permitted under the Plan. 
(a) The Participant shall have no rights as a stockholder of the Company by virtue of any Unit unless and until such Unit vests and
(b)&nbsp;None of the Units may be sold
 transferred
 assigned
 pledged or
otherwise encumbered or disposed of during the Restricted Period
 except as may be permitted by the Plan or as otherwise permitted by the Committee in its sole discretion or pursuant to rules adopted by the Committee in accordance with the Plan.
(c) Any attempt to dispose of the Units or any interest in the Units in a manner contrary to the restrictions set forth in
 The &#147;Restricted Period&#148; is the
period beginning on the Grant Date and ending on the date the Units
 or such applicable portion of the Units
 become vested under the schedule set forth in the Notice or otherwise in accordance with this Agreement. The Units shall become vested and
no longer subject to forfeiture under Section&nbsp;4(a) upon expiration of the Restricted Period. 
(a) If during the Restricted Period (i)&nbsp;the Participant incurs a Termination of Service with the Company for any reason other than
as described in Sections 4(b) or 4(c)
 (ii)&nbsp;there occurs a material breach of these Terms and Conditions by the Participant
 or (iii)&nbsp;the Participant fails to meet the tax withholding obligations described in Section&nbsp;5(a) hereof
 all
rights of the Participant to the Units that have not vested in accordance with the schedule set forth in the Notice or otherwise in accordance with this Agreement as of the date of such event shall terminate immediately and be forfeited in their
(b) In the event of the Participant&#146;s Termination of Service during the Restricted Period due to the
Participant&#146;s death or disability (as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion)
 all Units outstanding on the date of such Termination of Service that have not previously vested or been forfeited under the terms of this Agreement
(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing
 in the event of
(i) if the Units are assumed or replaced by the successor entity in
connection with such Change in Control
 then in the event of the Participant&#146;s Termination of Service within twenty-four (24)&nbsp;months after such Change in Control (A)&nbsp;due to the Participant&#146;s death or disability (as determined by
the Committee in its sole discretion)
 or (B)&nbsp;by the Company without Cause
 subject to the Participant (or the Participant&#146;s estate in the event of the Participant&#146;s death) delivering a fully effective release of claims in a form
provided by the Committee within 60 days following the date of such Termination of Service
 all Units outstanding on the date of such Termination of Service that have not previously vested or been forfeited under the terms of this Agreement shall be
immediately and fully vested and no longer subject to forfeiture; and 
- 2 -



(ii) if the Units are not assumed or replaced by the successor entity in connection with
such Change in Control
 then all Units outstanding on the date of such Change in Control that have not previously vested or been forfeited under the terms of this Agreement shall be immediately and fully vested and no longer subject to forfeiture as
(d) The remainder of any Units that have not or do not become vested in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement shall terminate immediately and be forfeited in their entirety. 
(a) The Committee shall determine the amount of any withholding or other tax required by law to be withheld or paid by the Company with
respect to any income recognized by the Participant with respect to the Units. The Participant shall be required to meet any applicable tax withholding obligation in accordance with the provisions of the Plan and this Agreement. 
(b) Subject to any rules prescribed by the Committee
 the Participant shall have the right to elect to meet any withholding requirement
(i)&nbsp;by having withheld from this Award at the appropriate time that number of whole Shares whose Fair Market Value is equal to the amount of any taxes required to be withheld with respect to such Award
 (ii)&nbsp;by direct payment to the


 the Committee shall have discretion to waive any forfeiture of the Units as set forth in
Section&nbsp;4 hereof
Covenants and Conditions on
. As a condition for participation in the Plan and the receipt of any
benefits under this Agreement
 the Participant agrees and covenants that at any time during the Participant&#146;s service with the Company and for a period of twenty-four (24)&nbsp;months following the Participant&#146;s Termination of Service for
any reason
 the Participant shall not
 directly or indirectly
 (1)&nbsp;disclose or use any confidential information pertaining to the Company
 its Affiliates or its Subsidiaries other than in the proper performance of the Participant&#146;s duties
or responsibilities with respect to the Company; (2)&nbsp;attempt
 directly or indirectly
 to induce any employee of the Company
 its Affiliates or its Subsidiaries to be employed or perform services elsewhere; or (3)&nbsp;disparage the Company
 its
Affiliates or its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers or directors. The determination of whether any conduct
 action or failure to act falls within the scope of activities contemplated by this Section shall be made by the Committee
 in
its discretion
 and shall be final and binding upon the Participant. A determination that any particular conduct
 action or failure falls outside the scope of activities contemplated by this Section shall not imply that
 or be determinative of
whether
 such conduct
Recovery of Award Upon Violation of
Covenants


- 3 -



(ii) to the extent that the Participant has received Shares or cash in
settlement of any Units upon vesting of such Units
 the Participant upon notice from the Company of the Participant&#146;s obligations under this Section&nbsp;7(b)(ii)
 shall immediately deliver to the Company such number of Shares or amount in cash
The notice described in


 if the Board determines that the Company is required to restate its
financial statements due to material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the law within a period of three (3)&nbsp;years following the original issuance of such financial statements (or such longer period as may be required
under applicable law)
 whether such noncompliance is the result of misconduct or other circumstances
 the Participant shall be required to reimburse the Company for any amounts earned or payable with respect to this Award to the extent the Board
reasonably determines that the amount earned by or paid to the Participant exceeds the amount earned or payable based on the restated financial statements
 or otherwise to the extent required by and in accordance with applicable law and any Company
. The Units

<FONT

 assigned
 transferred (other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution
 or to an inter vivos trust with respect to which the
Participant is treated as the owner under Sections 671 through 677 of the Code)
 pledged
 hypothecated
 or otherwise encumbered or disposed of until the restrictions on such Units
 as set forth in this Agreement
 have lapsed or been removed.
 The Participant hereby represents to the Company that the Participant has read and fully
understands the provisions of the Notice
 these Terms and Conditions and the Plan and the Participant&#146;s decision to participate in the Plan is completely voluntary. Further
 the Participant acknowledges that the Participant is relying solely on
his or her own advisors with respect to the tax consequences of this award. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan
 the obligation of the Company to issue Shares in connection with this Award under the Plan shall be subject to all applicable laws
 rules and regulations and such approval by any regulatory body as
may be required. The Company reserves the right to restrict
 in whole or in part
 the delivery of Shares pursuant to this Agreement prior to the satisfaction of all legal requirements relating to the issuance of such shares
 to their registration
qualification or listing or to an exemption from registration
 qualification or listing. 








. All notices
 requests
 deliveries
 payments
 demands and other communications which are required or permitted to be given under these
Terms and Conditions shall be in 
- 4 -







writing and shall be either delivered personally or sent by registered or certified mail
 or by private courier
 return receipt requested
 postage prepaid to the parties at their respective
addresses set forth herein
 or to such other address as either shall have specified by notice in writing to the other. Notice shall be deemed duly given hereunder when delivered or mailed as provided herein. 





. The waiver by any party hereto of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other or subsequent
breach. 




. These Terms and Conditions
 the Notice and the Plan constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof. 




. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and to the extent not prohibited herein
 their
respective heirs
 successors
 assigns and representatives. Nothing in this Agreement
 express or implied
 is intended to confer on any person other than the parties hereto and as provided above
 their respective heirs
 successors
 assigns and
representatives any rights
 remedies
 obligations or liabilities. 










. The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference
 and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning or
interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of these Terms and Conditions. 




. The provisions of the Plan are incorporated in this Agreement in their entirety. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of
this Agreement and the Plan
 the provisions of the Plan shall control. The Agreement may be amended at any time by written agreement of the parties hereto. 





. Nothing in this Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the employ or service of the Company or
affect the right of the Company to terminate the Participant&#146;s employment or service at any time. 




. The Participant agrees
 upon demand of the Company or the Committee
 to do all acts and execute
 deliver and perform all additional
documents
 instruments and agreements which may be reasonably required by the Company or the Committee
 as the case may be
 to implement the provisions and purposes of the Notice and these Terms and Conditions and the Plan. 
- 5 -
















 INC.


 Annie&#146;s
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) has granted on the Grant Date (set forth below)
 pursuant to the provisions of the Company&#146;s Omnibus Incentive Plan
as may be amended from time to time (the &#147;Plan&#148;)
 to the Participant designated in this Notice of Grant of Performance Share Unit Award (the &#147;Notice&#148;)
 the number of Performance Share Units set forth in the Notice representing
the right to receive shares of Common Stock
 subject to terms and conditions as outlined below in this Notice and the additional provisions set forth in the attached Terms and Conditions of Performance Share Unit Award (the &#147;Terms and
Participant:

Target Number of
The Units shall be earned or forfeited based upon the
Company&#146;s level of achievement of the cumulative compounded Adjusted Diluted EPS growth rate during the Performance Period (as set forth above) (the &#147;Cumulative Compounded Adjusted Diluted EPS Growth Rate&#148;)
 as determined by the
Committee and as set forth in the table below. For purposes of calculating the Cumulative Compounded Adjusted Diluted EPS Growth Rate
 &#147;Adjusted Diluted EPS&#148; shall be the adjusted diluted earnings per share that is generally reported by
the Company&#146;s external analysts and by independent services that publish financial results such as Reuters
 First Call and FactSet. This measure will be diluted net income per share adjusted under the Plan in a manner that disregards and
excludes one-time non-recurring events that do not reflect core operating results
 the effects of extraordinary items as set forth in Accounting Standards Codification 225-20 (and any successor provision) or the effects of any other unusual or
infrequently occurring events and transactions
 including
 without limitation
 the effects of changes in tax laws and regulations
 accounting principles and interpretations or other laws or provisions affecting reported financial results or the
financial effects of any unbudgeted acquisition
 start-up operation
 new joint venture
 disposition of any asset
 or unbudgeted disposal of a business segment
 division or operating unit. 








































The level of achievement of the Cumulative Compounded Adjusted Diluted EPS Growth Rate between threshold and target or
between target and maximum shall result in a corresponding interpolated vesting percentage on a straight-line basis as determined by the Committee. The level of achievement of the Cumulative Compounded Adjusted Diluted EPS Growth Rate shall be
determined in writing by the Committee as provided in the Terms and Conditions. Except as provided in the Terms and Conditions
 the Participant must not incur a Termination of Service prior to completion of the Performance Period in order to be
Accelerated
Vesting:
Prior to settlement of the Units
 the Units shall accrue Dividend Units in accordance with Section&nbsp;1(c) of the Terms and
Conditions. 


By signing below
 the Participant agrees that this Performance Share Unit Award is granted under and
governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and the Agreement. 
















Annie&#146;s
 Inc.









































- 2 -



 
These Terms and Conditions of Performance Share Unit Award (these &#147;Terms and Conditions&#148;) relate to the Notice of Grant of Performance Share
Unit Award attached hereto (the &#147;Notice&#148;
 and together with these Terms and Conditions
 the &#147;Agreement&#148;)
 by and between Annie&#146;s
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 and the person identified in the Notice as the Participant
The Committee has approved an award to the Participant under the Company&#146;s Omnibus Incentive Plan
 as may
be amended from time to time (the &#147;Plan&#148;) equal to the number of Performance Share Units set forth in the Notice representing the right to receive shares of Common Stock
 subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and as outlined in
the Notice and below in these Terms and Conditions. For purposes of the Notice and these Terms and Conditions
 any reference to the Company shall include a reference to any Subsidiary or Affiliate. 


 the Company has granted to the Participant the number of target Performance Share Units set forth in the Notice (the &#147;Units&#148;)
 which represent a
corresponding number of shares of the Company&#146;s Common Stock (&#147;Shares&#148;)
 a percentage of which may be awarded to the Participant upon settlement of the Units following the completion of the Performance Period set forth in the Notice
(the &#147;Performance Period&#148;) based on the Committee&#146;s determination of the extent to which the target Performance Measure(s) set forth in the Notice of Grant have been met. The Units are subject to the restrictions set forth in these


 following
satisfaction of the vesting conditions (as determined in writing by the Committee based on the level of achievement of the applicable Performance Measure(s) set forth in the Notice)
 the number of Units that become earned and vested (and any related
Dividend Units described in Section&nbsp;1(c) below) shall be settled in Shares (or in a combination of Shares and cash) as provided in Section&nbsp;1(e) of these Terms and Conditions and otherwise in accordance with the Plan. 
(c) With respect to each Unit
 whether or not vested
 that has not been forfeited (but only to the extent such award of Units has not
been settled)
 the Company shall
 with respect to any cash dividends paid on the Shares during the Performance Period (as defined below)
 accrue and credit to the Participant&#146;s bookkeeping account a number of additional performance share units
having a Fair Market Value as of the date such dividend is paid equal to the cash dividends that would have been paid with respect to such Unit if it were an outstanding Share (the &#147;Dividend Units&#148;). These Dividend Units thereafter shall
(i)&nbsp;be treated as Units for purposes of future dividend accruals pursuant to this Section&nbsp;1(c) and (ii)&nbsp;will either vest and be settled (rounded down to the nearest whole unit) or be immediately forfeited at the same time the Units to
which such Dividend Units relate become vested and settled or forfeited (as the case may be). Any dividends or distributions on Shares paid other than in cash shall accrue in the Participant&#146;s bookkeeping account and shall vest and be settled
at the same time as the Units in respect of which they are made (in each case in the same form
 based on the same record date and at the same time
 as such dividend or other distribution is paid on such Share)
 or forfeited to the extent the Unit
with respect to which such Dividend Units were received is forfeited. 


(d) The Company&#146;s obligations under this Agreement (with respect to both the Units and
the Dividend Units
 if any) shall be unfunded and unsecured
 and no special or separate fund shall be established and no other segregation of assets shall be made. The rights of Participant under this Agreement shall be no greater than those of a
general unsecured creditor of the Company. In addition
 the Units shall be subject to such restrictions as the Company may deem advisable under the rules
 regulations and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission
 any stock
exchange upon which Shares are then listed
(e)
Settlement of any Units to the Participant shall either be solely in Shares based on the Fair Market Value of the Shares (determined as of the business day immediately preceding the date of payment)
 or in a combination of Shares and cash
 as
determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. 
(a) The Participant shall have no rights as a stockholder of the Company by virtue of any Unit unless and until such Units vest and
(b)&nbsp;None of the Units may be sold
transferred
 assigned
 pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of at any time
 except as may be permitted by the Plan or as otherwise permitted by the Committee in its sole discretion or pursuant to rules adopted by the Committee in accordance
(c) Any attempt to dispose of the Units or any interest in the Units in a manner contrary to the restrictions
 At the
close of the Performance Period
 the Committee shall certify the level of achievement of the Performance Measure(s) that has been achieved in connection with the completion of the Company&#146;s audited financial statements for the Company&#146;s
fiscal year ending on the last day of the Performance Period
 but in no event later than 10 business days following the filing of the Form 10-K for such fiscal year (such date of certification
 the &#147;Certification Date&#148;). On the
Certification Date
 the Committee shall authorize the vesting and settlement of the applicable number of Units
 and such Units shall be settled to the extent such Units become issuable or payable as a result of such performance. Notwithstanding the
foregoing
 in no event will the Units be settled or any payment or issuance thereunder occur later than the
 of the Company&#146;s last fiscal year


Period (i)&nbsp;the Participant incurs a Termination of Service with the Company for any reason other than as described in Sections 4(b) or 4(d)
 (ii)&nbsp;there occurs a material breach of these Terms and Conditions by the Participant
 or
(iii)&nbsp;the Participant fails to meet the tax withholding obligations described in Section&nbsp;5(a) hereof
 all rights of the Participant to the Units that have not vested in accordance with the terms of this Agreement as of the date of such
event shall terminate immediately and be forfeited in their entirety. 
- 2 -



(b) In the event of the Participant&#146;s Termination of Service during the Performance
Period due to the Participant&#146;s death or disability
 the target number of Units set forth in the Notice shall be deemed immediately vested
 no longer subject to forfeiture and settled on the Certification Date. 
(c) In the event of the Participant&#146;s Termination of Service following the Performance Period and prior to the Certification Date
for any reason other than for Cause
 the Participant will be issued the applicable number of Shares in respect of Units (or a combination of Shares and cash) that become settled on the Certification Date. In the event of the Participant&#146;s
Termination of Service for Cause following the Performance Period and prior to the Certification Date




 then the Units will be converted to shares of time-based restricted stock without pro-ration for
any portion of the Performance Period that has elapsed following the Grant Date


 then the Units will be converted into a number of shares of
restricted stock equal to the number of Shares that would be payable upon settlement of the Units upon achievement of the performance goal at target level
 and any Units not subject to conversion will be forfeited
 and (y)&nbsp;if such Change in
 month anniversary of the
first day of Performance Period
 then the Units will be converted into a number of shares of restricted stock equal to the number of Shares that would be payable upon settlement of the Units upon achievement of the performance goal based on actual
performance through the date of the Change in Control
(ii) Any
shares of restricted stock issued as a result of conversion under sub-section (i)&nbsp;shall vest in full upon the first to occur of: (x)&nbsp;subject to the Participant delivering a fully effective release of claims in a form provided by the
Committee
 the Participant&#146;s Termination of Service without Cause occurring within 24 months following the Change in Control; (y)&nbsp;subject to the Participant or his estate
 as applicable
 delivering a fully effective release of claim in a
form provided by the Committee
 the Participant&#146;s Termination of Service due to death or disability at any time following the Change in Control; and (z)&nbsp;the last day of the Performance Period
 subject to the Participant&#146;s not having
incurred a Termination of Service prior to such date. Any shares of restricted stock that do not become vested in accordance with the prior sentence shall be forfeited upon the Participant&#146;s Termination of Service. 
(iii) If the Units are not assumed or replaced by the successor entity in connection with such Change in Control
then the Units will vest and be payable upon such Change in Control without pro-ration for any portion of the Performance Period that has elapsed following the Grant Date


 then the
Units will vest based upon achievement of the performance goal at target level


 then the Units will vest based upon achievement of the
performance goal based on actual performance through the date of the Change in Control
 and any Units not vested in accordance with the foregoing will be forfeited. 
- 3 -



(d) The remainder of any Units that have not or do not become vested or converted to


any withholding or other tax required by law to be withheld or paid by the Company with respect to any income recognized by the Participant with respect to the Units. The Participant shall be required to meet any applicable tax withholding
(b) Subject to any rules prescribed by the Committee
 the
Participant shall have the right to elect to meet any withholding requirement (i)&nbsp;by having withheld from this Award at the appropriate time that number of whole Shares whose Fair Market Value is equal to the amount of any taxes required to be
withheld with respect to such Award
 (ii)&nbsp;by direct payment to the Company in cash of the amount of any taxes required to be withheld with respect to such Award or (iii)&nbsp;by a combination of Shares and cash. 
 Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary
 the Committee shall have discretion to
waive any forfeiture of the Units as set forth in Section&nbsp;4 hereof


. As a condition for participation in the Plan and the receipt of any benefits under this Agreement
 the Participant agrees and covenants that at any time during the Participant&#146;s service with the Company and for a period of
twenty-four (24)&nbsp;months following the Participant&#146;s Termination of Service for any reason
 the Participant shall not
 directly or indirectly
 (1)&nbsp;disclose or use any confidential information pertaining to the Company
 its Affiliates
or its Subsidiaries other than in the proper performance of the Participant&#146;s duties or responsibilities with respect to the Company; (2)&nbsp;attempt
 directly or indirectly
 to induce any employee of the Company
 its Affiliates or its
Subsidiaries to be employed or perform services elsewhere; or (3)&nbsp;disparage the Company
 its Affiliates or its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers or directors. The determination of whether any conduct
 action or failure to act
falls within the scope of activities contemplated by this Section shall be made by the Committee
 in its discretion
 and shall be final and binding upon the Participant. A determination that any particular conduct
 action or failure falls outside
the scope of activities contemplated by this Section shall not imply that
 or be determinative of whether
 such conduct


 then:
(i) all of the Participant&#146;s unvested Units shall be forfeited immediately and all rights of the
(ii) to the extent that the Participant has
received cash in settlement of any Units upon vesting of such Units
 the Participant upon notice from the Company of the Participant&#146;s obligations under this Section&nbsp;7(b)(ii)
 shall immediately deliver to the Company an amount in cash
equal to the payment previously received by the Participant in settlement of the vested Units. 
- 4 -



The notice described in subsection (ii)&nbsp;above may be given at any time within twelve
Recovery of Compensation in
Connection with Financial Restatement
 if the Board determines that the Company is required to restate its financial statements due to material noncompliance with any financial reporting
requirement under the law within a period of three (3)&nbsp;years following the original issuance of such financial statements (or such longer period as may be required under applicable law)
 whether such noncompliance is the result of misconduct or
other circumstances
 the Participant shall be required to reimburse the Company for any amounts earned or payable with respect to this Award to the extent the Board reasonably determines that the amount earned by or paid to the Participant exceeds
the amount earned or payable based on the restated financial statements


Defined
9.
The Units may not be sold
 assigned
 transferred (other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution
 or to an inter vivos trust with respect to which the Participant is treated as the owner under Sections 671
through 677 of the Code)
 pledged
 hypothecated
 or otherwise encumbered or disposed of until the restrictions on such Units
 as set forth in this Agreement


 these Terms and Conditions
and the Plan and the Participant&#146;s decision to participate in the Plan is completely voluntary. Further
 the Participant acknowledges that the Participant is relying solely on his or her own advisors with respect to the tax consequences of this
 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan
 the obligation of the Company
to issue Shares in connection with this Award under the Plan shall be subject to all applicable laws
 rules and regulations (including without limitation the requirements of any national securities exchange) and such approval by any regulatory body
as may be required. The Company reserves the right to restrict
 in whole or in part
 the delivery of Shares pursuant to this Agreement prior to the satisfaction of all legal requirements relating to the issuance of such shares
 to their
registration
 qualification or listing or to an exemption from registration
 qualification or listing. 








. All notices
 requests
 deliveries
 payments
 demands and other communications which are required or permitted to be given under these
Terms and Conditions shall be in 
- 5 -







writing and shall be either delivered personally or sent by registered or certified mail
 or by private courier
 return receipt requested
 postage prepaid to the parties at their respective
addresses set forth herein
 or to such other address as either shall have specified by notice in writing to the other. Notice shall be deemed duly given hereunder when delivered or mailed as provided herein. 





. The waiver by any party hereto of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other or subsequent
breach. 




. These Terms and Conditions
 the Notice and the Plan constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof. 




. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and to the extent not prohibited herein
 their
respective heirs
 successors
 assigns and representatives. Nothing in this Agreement
 express or implied
 is intended to confer on any person other than the parties hereto and as provided above
 their respective heirs
 successors
 assigns and
representatives any rights
 remedies
 obligations or liabilities. 










. The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference
 and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning or
interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of these Terms and Conditions. 




. The provisions of the Plan are incorporated in this Agreement in their entirety. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of
this Agreement and the Plan
 the provisions of the Plan shall control. The Agreement may be amended at any time by written agreement of the parties hereto. 





. Nothing in this Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the employ or service of the Company or
affect the right of the Company to terminate the Participant&#146;s employment or service at any time. 




. The Participant agrees
 upon demand of the Company or the Committee
 to do all acts and execute
 deliver and perform all additional
documents
 instruments and agreements which may be reasonably required by the Company or the Committee
 as the case may be
 to implement the provisions and purposes of the Notice and these Terms and Conditions and the Plan. 
- 6 -
















 I

Adopted May&nbsp;30
 2013 
This
Independent Director Compensation Plan is intended to promote the interests of Annie&#146;s
&#148;) by providing the Independent Directors of the Company with incentives and rewards that encourage superior oversight
growth and protection of the business of the Company. For purposes of this plan
&#148;
 as such term is defined in the Independent
Director Restricted Stock Unit Program


Each Independent Director will receive an annual cash retainer of $35
 The
Chairman of the Audit Committee will receive an additional annual retainer of $15
000. The Chairman of the Compensation Committee will receive an additional annual retainer of $15
000. The Chairman of the Nominating/Governance Committee will receive
an additional annual retainer of $10
000. The Chairman of any special committee established by the Board will receive an additional annual retainer
 if any
 as determined by the Board of Directors. 
 Payment of annual retainers will be made in cash in arrears on a quarterly basis. Independent Directors elected or
appointed to the Board or as a Committee Chair during a fiscal quarter will receive a pro-rata payment for such quarter. Independent Directors whose service as a director or Committee Chair terminates during a fiscal quarter will receive a pro-rata
payment for such quarter
Equity Compensation
As set forth below
&#148;)
award pursuant to the terms of the Program
 subject to and in compliance with the terms of the Company&#146;s Omnibus Incentive Plan
&#148;).
Such award will be granted automatically upon the close of business on the date of the Company&#146;s annual meeting of stockholders
 pursuant to the Program and form Notice of Grant for Independent Directors in effect on such date. 
Each Independent Director shall receive $50
000
 payable in RSUs. Additionally
 any Independent Director who became a director of the
Company between annual meetings (and since the last RSU awards to Independent Directors) shall receive an additional amount
 payable in RSUs
 equal to $50


will be determined by dividing the aggregate equity compensation dollar amount by the Fair Market Value of a share of the Company&#146;s Common Stock (as such terms are defined in the Plan)
 rounded up to the next whole share. 





For example
 if the Company holds annual meetings on September&nbsp;10
 2012 and September&nbsp;10
 2013
 and an Independent Director joins the Board on
February&nbsp;28
 2012
 such Director would receive an additional amount equal to $25
000 (i.e. six-twelfths of $50
000)
 for a total award of $75
000. 


Subject to the terms of the Program and form Notice of Grant in effect on the date of grant
the RSUs will vest on the earlier of (i)&nbsp;the first anniversary of the date of grant and (ii)&nbsp;the day immediately preceding the first annual meeting of the Company&#146;s stockholders following the date of grant. 

<FONT

effective commencing May&nbsp;30
 2013. 
The foregoing sets forth the Company&#146;s current compensation plan for Independent Directors of the Board of Directors. The Board of
Directors may
 at any time
 amend or modify this plan in whole or in part. 
This plan shall be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The Compensation Committee also shall have the
discretion to submit for approval by the Board of Directors any amendments or modifications to this plan. 















 INC. 


 2012
(Amended and Restated Effective as of May&nbsp;30
 2013) 



 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) has adopted the Independent Director Restricted Stock Unit Program
 subject to and in compliance with the terms of
the Company&#146;s Omnibus Incentive Plan. The Program is intended to provide for certain Awards to members of the Board of Directors of the Company who are Eligible Directors (as defined below). Awards will consist of grants of Restricted Stock
. This Program
was initially approved by the Board effective as of September&nbsp;10
 2012 (the &#147;Effective Date&#148;) and was amended by the Board in the form set forth herein effective as of May&nbsp;30
 2013 (the &#147;Restatement Date&#148;). The Program
shall remain in effect during the term of the Plan
ARTICLE II


 the following terms have the meanings hereinafter set forth unless the context clearly indicates to the contrary. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to
(a) &#147;Award&#148; shall mean an award to an Eligible Director of Restricted Stock Units under
(b) &#147;Award Agreement&#148; shall mean a written agreement between the Company and an Eligible


 if later
 the date designated by the Board for such Award to be granted. 


(d) &#147;Restricted Stock Unit Award&#148; shall mean an award of Stock Units
 subject to
certain forfeiture provisions

<FONT

(g) &#147;Plan&#148; shall mean the Company&#146;s Omnibus Incentive Plan
 the terms of which are incorporated herein
 as
(h) &#147;Program&#148; shall mean the Independent Director Restricted Stock Unit Program
 the
terms of which are set forth herein
(i) &#147;Separation from Service&#148; shall mean any
termination of a director&#146;s Board service with the Company. The occurrence of a Separation from Service is determined by the Board under the facts and circumstances and in accordance with Section&nbsp;409A of the Code. 
(j) &#147;Stock Account&#148; means the bookkeeping account established by the Company in respect to each director pursuant to




Awards
 determine the terms of any Award
 including the Eligible Directors receiving such Awards and the number of Stock Units granted under such Award
 and shall make all other determinations with respect to the Program. The Board&#146;s
determinations under the Program shall be final and binding on all parties. Notwithstanding the anything herein to the contrary
 consistent with Section&nbsp;3.01(a) of the Plan
 it is intended that the Board take all actions under Program
 but the
Committee is also authorized to act on behalf of the Program consistent with the Plan. 


conditions set forth herein. Subject to Section&nbsp;4.4 of this Program
 each 
- 2 -



 
Restricted Stock Unit Award granted (a)&nbsp;prior to the Restatement Date shall vest 100% on the first anniversary of the Date of Grant of such Award and (b)&nbsp;on or following the Restatement
Date
 shall vest 100% on the earlier of (x)&nbsp;the first anniversary of the Date of Grant of such Award and (y)&nbsp;the day immediately preceding the first annual meeting of the Company&#146;s stockholders following the Date of Grant of such
Award
 in all cases subject to the Eligible Director&#146;s continued service on the Board through such vesting date and any additional conditions imposed by the Board and set forth in an Award Agreement. Upon vesting
 such Stock Units shall
continue to be held in the director&#146;s Stock Account until payment becomes due in accordance with Section&nbsp;4.6. In the event of an Eligible Director&#146;s Separation from Service as a member of the Board for any reason prior to vesting of
all of an Award
 all Stock Units that remain unvested under such Award as of the date of such Separation from Service shall terminate and be forfeited and shall be subtracted from such director&#146;s Stock Account. 
. A Stock Account shall be established for each Eligible Director. Restricted Stock Unit Grants shall be
credited as Stock Units directly to the Stock Account as of the Date of Grant. An Eligible Director&#146;s Stock Account shall also be credited with dividends and other distributions pursuant to Section&nbsp;4.3. No fractional shares shall be
credited to a director&#146;s Stock Account and the balance of shares of Stock Units in a director&#146;s Stock Account shall be rounded down to the nearest whole share for any payment to such director pursuant to Section&nbsp;4.6. 
. With respect to each Stock Unit
 whether or not vested
 that has not been forfeited (but
only to the extent such award of Units has not been settled)
 the Company shall
 with respect to any cash dividends paid on the Share underlying such Unit
 accrue and credit to the Participant&#146;s Stock Account a number of Stock Units having a
Fair Market Value as of the date such dividend is paid equal to the cash dividends that would have been paid with respect to the Share underlying such Unit if it were an outstanding Share (the &#147;Dividend Units&#148;). These Dividend Units
thereafter shall (i)&nbsp;be treated as Units for purposes of future dividend accruals pursuant to this Section&nbsp;4.3; and (ii)&nbsp;vest in such amounts (rounded to the nearest whole Dividend Unit) at the same time as the Unit with respect to
which such Dividend Units were received. Any dividends or distributions on a Share underlying a Unit paid other than in cash shall accrue and be credited in the Participant&#146;s Stock Account and shall vest at the same time as the Unit in respect
of which they are made (in each case in the same form
 based on the same record date and at the same time


 an Award Agreement may provide for full or partial vesting of any Restricted Stock Units under
such terms or conditions as may be approved by the Board
 and the Board also may
 in its sole discretion
 waive the vesting and forfeiture conditions set forth in Section&nbsp;4.1 and any Award Agreement under appropriate circumstances (including
the death
 disability or retirement of an Eligible Director or a material change in circumstances arising after the date of an Award) and subject to such terms and conditions (including forfeiture of a proportionate number of shares issuable upon
settlement of the Restricted Stock Units constituting an Award) as the Board shall deem appropriate. In addition
 notwithstanding anything contained in this Article IV or an individual Award Agreement to the contrary
 in the event a Change in
Control of the Company
 all outstanding Restricted Stock Unit Awards shall be deemed fully vested. 
- 3 -



. Until settlement of an Award of
Restricted Stock Units under Section&nbsp;4.6 hereof
 no shares of Common Stock shall be issued in respect of such Awards and no Eligible Director shall have any rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to the shares of Common Stock
covered by such Award of Restricted Stock Units. A statement will be sent to each Eligible Director as to the balance of the Eligible Director&#146;s Stock Account at least once each calendar year. 
. An Eligible Director shall receive a distribution of fifty percent (50%)&nbsp;of the vested Stock Units
(and any related Dividend Units) credited to the Eligible Director&#146;s Stock Account with respect to each Award on the earlier to occur of (x)&nbsp;the second anniversary of the Award&#146;s Date of Grant and (y)&nbsp;six months following the
Eligible Director&#146;s Separation from Service. An Eligible Director shall receive a distribution of the remainder of the vested Stock Units (and any related Dividend Units) credited to the Eligible Director&#146;s Stock Account six months after
the date of the Eligible Director&#146;s Separation from Service. Such distribution shall consist of one share of Common Stock for each distributed Stock Unit credited to such Eligible Director&#146;s Stock Account as of the date of distribution.
Any shares of Common Stock issued with respect to a distribution of an Eligible Director&#146;s Stock Account shall be deemed issued under the Plan and shall be counted against the number of shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance under
. An
Eligible Director may designate a beneficiary on a form approved by the Board. In the event of a director&#146;s death before the balance of the Eligible Director&#146;s Stock Account is fully paid to the director
 payment of the balance of the
director&#146;s Stock Account shall then be made to the Eligible Director&#146;s designated beneficiary or
 if no valid designation has been made
 to the Eligible Director&#146;s estate in the time and manner selected by the Board. The Board may
take into account the application of any duly appointed administrator or executor of an Eligible Director&#146;s estate and direct that the balance of the director&#146;s Stock Account be paid to the Eligible Director&#146;s estate in the manner
. No Stock Units or an Eligible Director&#146;s rights with
respect to any Stock Units may be assigned or transferred other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution
 and during the lifetime of an Eligible Director
 only the Eligible Director personally (or the Eligible Director&#146;s personal
representative) may exercise rights under the Program. 
TERMINATION


 in its sole discretion
 may at any time terminate the Program and may
 at any time
 and from time to time and in any respect
 amend or modify the Plan. The Board may amend the terms of any
Award granted under the Program; 
 
 that no such amendment may be made by the Board that
 in any material respect
 impairs the rights of a participant without the participant&#146;s consent. 
- 4 -



Upon termination of the Program
 amounts accrued and vested in a director&#146;s Stock
Account as of the date of termination of the Program shall be held
 administered and distributed in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Program and the individual Award Agreements as in effect on the date of termination of the Program
(a) Amounts credited to the director&#146;s Stock Account under the Plan may be distributed prior to the time
required under Article IV if all nonqualified deferred compensation arrangements sponsored by the Company and any company required to be aggregated with the Company under Section&nbsp;414(b) and (c)&nbsp;of the Code that are treated
 together with
Awards under the Program
 as one arrangement under Section&nbsp;409A of the Code
 are terminated
 subject to the following requirements: (i)&nbsp;no payments other than payments that would be payable under the terms of the Program and such other
arrangements if the termination had not occurred are made within 12 months of the termination of the Program and such other arrangements
 (ii)&nbsp;all payments under the Program and such other arrangements are made within 24 months of the date of
such termination
 and (iii)&nbsp;neither the Company nor any company required to be aggregated with the Company under Section&nbsp;414(b) or (c)&nbsp;of the Code adopts a new arrangement that would
 with the Program or any such other terminated
arrangement
 be treated as a single arrangement under Section&nbsp;409A of the Code
 at any time within three (3)&nbsp;years following the date of termination of the Program and such other arrangements. 
(b) The Program may be terminated at any time within 12 months of a dissolution of the Company taxed under Section&nbsp;331 of the Code
or with the approval of a bankruptcy court pursuant to 11 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;503(b)(1)(A)
 in which case the amounts deferred under the Program shall be distributed and included in an Eligible Director&#146;s gross income in the latest of
(i)&nbsp;the calendar year in which the termination occurs



. The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver any shares of Common Stock upon expiration of the
deferral period applicable to any Restricted Stock Units unless
 in the opinion of counsel to the Company
 there has been compliance with all applicable legal requirements
 rules or regulations (including without limitation the requirements of any
national securities exchange). The Company&#146;s obligation to deliver shares of Common Stock with respect to any Award under this Program may be conditioned upon the receipt by the Company of a representation as to the investment intention of the
recipient in such form as the Company shall determine to be necessary or advisable solely to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 or any other federal
 state or local securities laws. All

- 5 -



 
certificates for shares of Common Stock delivered under the Plan shall be subject to such stop transfer orders and other restrictions as the Company may deem advisable under the rules
regulations
 and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission
 any stock exchange upon which the Common Stock is then listed
 any federal
 state or local securities laws and applicable corporate law
 and the Company may cause a
6.3
 The Program is unfunded. The right of any Eligible Director to receive payments of Common Stock under the provisions of the Program shall be an unsecured claim against the general assets of the
. The Company shall have the right to deduct from all payments hereunder any taxes required by law
to be withheld from such payments. The recipients of such payments shall bear all taxes on amounts paid under the Program and with respect to any Awards granted hereunder. Although the Company makes no guarantee with respect to the tax treatment of
payments hereunder
 this Program and each Award Agreement are intended to comply with
 or be exempt from
 Section&nbsp;409A of the Code and
 accordingly
 to the maximum extent permitted
 this Program and each Award Agreement shall be interpreted in
accordance with the foregoing. In no event whatsoever shall the Company be liable for any additional tax
 interest or penalties that may be imposed on an Eligible Director by Section&nbsp;409A of the Code or any damages for failing to comply with
. The Program and each Award Agreement shall be governed by the laws
. In addition to
the specific provisions of the Plan referred to herein
 Awards of Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to all applicable provisions of Article XI of the Plan. 
- 6 -
















 INC. 


 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;)
has granted on the Date of Grant (set forth below)
 pursuant to the provisions of the Independent Director Restricted Stock Unit Program (the &#147;Program&#148;) under the Company&#146;s Omnibus Incentive Plan (the &#147;Plan&#148;)
 as each may be
amended from time to time
 to the Participant designated in this Notice of Grant (the &#147;Notice&#148;)
 which Participant is an Eligible Director as defined in the Program
 the number of Restricted Stock Units of the Company set forth in this
Notice representing the right to receive shares of common stock
 subject to terms
 conditions and restrictions as outlined in this Notice and the additional provisions set forth in the Independent Director Restricted Stock Unit Program
 a copy of
which is attached. 















:
[&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;]






 Subject to the Participant&#146;s continued Service as a member of the Board and all other provisions contained in the Program
this Restricted Stock Unit Award shall vest
 and the applicable forfeiture restrictions set forth in the Program shall lapse
 100% on the earlier of (x)&nbsp;the first anniversary of the Date of Grant and (y)&nbsp;the day immediately preceding the


 the Restricted Stock Units will be become fully vested and no longer subject to forfeiture (i)&nbsp;in the event of the
Participant&#146;s Termination of Service due to death or disability (as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion)
 or (ii)&nbsp;in connection with a Change in Control of the Company.
Prior to vesting and settlement of the Restricted Stock
Units
 the Restricted Stock Units shall accrue Dividend Units in accordance with
 and as defined in
 Section&nbsp;4.3 of the Terms and Conditions.
 50% of the vested Restricted Stock Units under this Award
 and any Dividend Units credited under Section&nbsp;4.3
of the Program with respect to such Units
 shall be settled in shares of the Company&#146;s common stock on the earlier to occur of (x)&nbsp;the second anniversary of the Date of Grant and (y)&nbsp;six months following the Participant&#146;s
Separation from Service from the Board. The remaining vested Restricted Stock Units (and any related Dividend Units) shall be settled in shares of the Company&#146;s common stock six months following the Participant&#146;s Separation from Service
from the Board in accordance with the provisions of Section&nbsp;4.6 of the Program.
This Restricted Stock Unit Award is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Independent Director
Restricted Stock Unit Award Program and the Company&#146;s Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
















Annie&#146;s
 Inc.




















































incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-181029) of Annie&#146;s
 Inc. of our report dated June&nbsp;14
 2013 relating to the consolidated financial statements
 which appears in this Form 10-K. 
San Francisco
June&nbsp;14
 2013 















 John&nbsp;M.&nbsp;Foraker
 certify that: 





I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Annie&#146;s
 Inc.; 




Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 




Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 




The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures


fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and 





The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the


ability to record
 process
(b) Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that
Date:
June&nbsp;14
 2013 
























 Kelly&nbsp;J.&nbsp;Kennedy
 certify that: 





I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Annie&#146;s
 Inc.; 




Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 




Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 




The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures


fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and 





The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the


ability to record
 process
(b) Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that
Date:
June&nbsp;14
 2013 
























 


Form 10-K of Annie&#146;s
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) for the fiscal year ended March&nbsp;31
 2013
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 John M. Foraker
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 and
Kelly J. Kennedy
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 respectively
 do each hereby certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to the best of his or her
knowledge: 





The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended; and






The information in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.
Dated: June&nbsp;14
 2013 








Chief
Executive Officer







Chief
Financial Officer




















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Future minimum
lease payments under the noncancelable operating leases as of
March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 103pt&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year
Ending March&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Lease&amp;#xA0;Payments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;634&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;651&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;662&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;586&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total future minimum lease
payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
871&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The reconciliation of the
statutory federal income tax rate to the Company&amp;#x2019;s effective
tax is presented below:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=79%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&amp;#xA0;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&amp;#xA0;March&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Tax at federal statutory
rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;State income taxes
 net of
federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Non-deductible permanent
difference&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Effect of tax rate
change&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Change in valuation
allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(78.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Provision for (benefit
from) income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;41.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;40.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(39.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;11.&amp;#xA0;Common
Stock&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;
&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;As of
March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s Charter
authorized 30
000
000 and 24
000
000 shares of common stock
 $0.001
par value per share
 respectively
 of which 16
849
016 and 483
242
shares were issued and outstanding
 respectively. Each share of the
common stock has the right to one vote. The holders of common stock
are also entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally
available therefor and if
 as and when declared by the
Company&amp;#x2019;s Board of Directors. During the fiscal years ended
March&amp;#xA0;31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company declared and paid common
shareholders cash dividends of $0.86 and $0.80 per share
respectively
 or approximately $408
000 and $371
000 in the
aggregate
 respectively. No dividends were declared or paid during
fiscal year ended March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventories are
recorded at the lower of cost (determined under the
first-in-first-out method) or market. Write downs are provided for
finished goods expected to become nonsaleable due to age and
provisions are specifically made for slow moving or obsolete raw
ingredients and packaging material. The Company also adjusts the
carrying value of its inventories when it believes that the net
realizable value is less than the carrying value. These write-downs
are measured as the difference between the cost of the inventory
including estimated costs to complete
 and estimated selling prices
including cost of selling. These charges are recorded as a
component of cost of sales. Once inventory is written down
 a new
lower-cost basis for that inventory is established.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock-Based
Compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
maintains performance incentive plans under which nonqualified
stock options
 restricted stock units and performance share units
are granted to eligible employees and directors. The cost of
stock-based transactions is recognized in the financial statements
based upon fair value. The fair value of restricted stock units and
performance share units is determined based on the number of units
granted and the closing price of the Company&amp;#x2019;s common stock
as of the grant date. Additionally
 stock-based compensation
related to performance share units reflects the estimated probable
outcome at the end of the performance period. The fair value of
stock options is determined as of the grant date using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model. Fair value is recognized as
expense on a straight line basis
 net of estimated forfeitures
over the employee requisite service period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The benefits of
tax deductions in excess of recognized compensation costs are
reported as a credit to additional paid-in capital and as financing
cash flows
 but only when such excess tax benefits are realized by
a reduction to current taxes payable.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Segment
Reporting&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
determined its operating segment on the same basis that it uses to
evaluate its performance internally. The Company has one business
activity
 marketing and distribution of natural and organic food
products
 and operates as one operating segment. The
Company&amp;#x2019;s chief operating decision-maker
 its chief executive
officer
 reviews its operating results on an aggregate basis for
purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial
performance.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

&lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;
&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;The convertible
preferred stock at March&amp;#xA0;31
 2012 consists of the following
(in thousands
 except shares):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=51%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;br /&gt;
Authorized&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&amp;#xA0;Issued&amp;#xA0;and&lt;br /&gt;
Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Proceeds
&amp;#xA0;Net&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
Issuance Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
Liquidation&lt;br /&gt;
Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Series&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Series A 2002 Convertible
Preferred Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
802
086&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
802
084&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;23
374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;41
418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Series A 2004 Convertible
Preferred Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
806
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
806
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;30
999&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;50
226&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Series A 2005 Convertible
Preferred Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
738
469&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
673
469&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;27
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;40
783&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total convertible preferred
stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
346
555&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
281
553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;81
373&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;132
427&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;13.&amp;#xA0;Employee Benefit
Plans&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;
&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
offers a retirement savings plan under Section&amp;#xA0;401(k) of the
Internal Revenue Code. The plan covers all employees who meet
minimum age and service requirements and allows participants to
defer a portion of their annual compensation on a pre-tax basis.
Under the plan
 the Company match was increased from 25% to 50%
during third quarter of fiscal 2013 up to a maximum of 6% of
eligible compensation
 not to exceed $4
000. Contribution expense
was not material for the years presented.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property and
Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Property and
equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed using the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.
Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method
over the shorter of the lease term or estimated useful lives.
Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Assets
not yet placed in use are not depreciated.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The useful
lives of the property and equipment are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=51%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=47%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Equipment and automotive&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3 to 7 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Software&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3 to 7 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Plates and dies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Shorter of lease term or estimated useful life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
capitalizes certain internal and external costs related to the
development and enhancement of the Company&amp;#x2019;s internal-use
software. Capitalized internal-use software development costs are
included in property and equipment on the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets. As of March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 the Company had $2.1
million capitalized software development costs
 net of accumulated
amortization including $0.4 million in construction in progress. As
of March&amp;#xA0;31
 2012
 the Company had $2.0 million capitalized
software development costs
 net of accumulated amortization
including $1.6 million in construction in progress.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The
Company&amp;#x2019;s cash primarily consists of funds held in general
checking accounts.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
summarizes the activity of unvested restricted stock units and
performance share units:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=79%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 74pt&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares-Based
Awards&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
Average&lt;br /&gt;
Grant&amp;#xA0;Date&lt;br /&gt;
Fair Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unvested at March 31
2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;65
899&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;19.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;41.66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(5
132&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;27.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unvested at March 31
2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;71
165&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21.73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;15.&amp;#xA0;Net Income per
Share of Common Stock attributable to Common
Stockholders&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;!-- xbrl
body --&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following
outstanding shares of potentially dilutive securities were excluded
from the computation of diluted net income per share of common
stock for the periods presented
 because including them would have
been anti-dilutive:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year Ended
March&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Convertible preferred stock
(on an as-if converted basis)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
221
571&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
221
571&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Options to purchase common
stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;91
239&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;379
304&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Restricted stock
units&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Convertible preferred stock
warrant&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;80
560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;91
239&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
698
135&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
221
571&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;A
reconciliation of the numerator and denominator used in the
calculation of the basic and diluted net income per share
attributable to common stockholders is as follows (in thousands
except share and per share amounts):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year Ended
March&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 75pt&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net income
per share:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Numerator&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
551&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
589&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;20
155&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less: Dividends paid to
convertible preferred stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
159&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Undistributed income (loss)
attributable to convertible preferred stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
842&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income attributable to
common stockholders&amp;#x2014;basic and diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
551&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;290&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;596&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Denominator&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average shares of
common stock outstanding used in computing net income attributable
to common stockholders&amp;#x2014;basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17
129
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;469
089&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;461
884&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Potential dilutive options
as calculated using treasury stock method&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;570
210&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;641
999&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;703
561&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Potential restricted stock
units
 as calculated using treasury stock method&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
295&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Potential dilutive
warrants
 as calculated using treasury stock method&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;35
680&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average shares of
common stock outstanding used in computing net income attributable
to common stockholders&amp;#x2014;diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17
707
839&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
111
088&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
201
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income per share
attributable to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;Basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;Diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;

temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the
deferred tax assets are presented below (in
thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;March&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred tax
assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Credits and net operating
loss carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
749&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
975&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
804&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Share-based compensation
expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
332&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accrued
compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
211&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;895&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Reserves and
allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;436&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Capital loss
carryforward&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;428&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;645&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;729&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;586&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Gross deferred tax
assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
527&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
898&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Valuation
allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(428&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total deferred tax
assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
373&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
562&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred tax
liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Property
 plant and
equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
111&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(458&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(428&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total deferred tax
liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
111&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(458&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(428&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net deferred tax
assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
262&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
645&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
134&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.&amp;#xA0;Basis of
Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;!-- xbrl
body --&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Basis of Presentation
and Consolidation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
U.S. (&amp;#x201C;U.S. GAAP&amp;#x201D;). The consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned
subsidiaries
 Annie&amp;#x2019;s Homegrown
 Inc.
 Napa Valley Kitchen
Inc. and Annie&amp;#x2019;s Enterprises
 Inc. All intercompany accounts
and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Initial Public Offering
(IPO)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;On
April&amp;#xA0;2
 2012
 the Company closed its IPO
 in which it sold
950
000 shares of common stock at an offering price of $19.00 per
share and raised $11.1 million in net proceeds after deducting
underwriting discounts and commissions of $1.3 million and other
offering expenses of $5.6 million. In addition
 certain of the
Company&amp;#x2019;s stockholders
 including funds affiliated with
Solera Capital
 LLC
 sold 4.8&amp;#xA0;million shares at the $19.00
offering price in the IPO. The Company sometimes refers to Solera
Capital
 LLC and its affiliates as Solera in this Form
10-K.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Immediately
prior to the closing of the IPO
 the outstanding shares of
convertible preferred stock were automatically converted into
15
221
571 shares of common stock
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s outstanding
convertible preferred stock warrant was automatically converted
into a common stock warrant to purchase a total of 80
560 shares of
common stock and the related convertible preferred stock warrant
liability was reclassified to additional paid-in
capital.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Pursuant to the
Company&amp;#x2019;s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
or Charter
 and its Amended and Restated Bylaws
 which became
effective upon consummation of the IPO
 the Company has authorized
35
000
000 shares of capital stock
 30
000
000 shares
 par value
$0.001 per share
 of which are common stock and 5
000
000 shares
par value $0.001 per share
 of which are preferred stock. As of
March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 16
849
016 shares of common stock were issued
and outstanding and no shares of preferred stock were issued and
outstanding.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Secondary Public
Offerings&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;On
August&amp;#xA0;6
 2012
 the Company closed a secondary public
offering
 in which certain stockholders
 including Solera
 sold
3
649
976 shares of common stock at an offering price of $39.25 per
share. The Company did not receive any proceeds from the sale of
shares by the selling stockholders. The offering expenses incurred
by the Company were $0.7 million
 including legal
 accounting and
printing costs and various other fees associated with the
registration and sale of common stock sold in the secondary public
offering.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;On
March&amp;#xA0;18
 2013
 the Company closed another secondary public
offering in which Solera sold 3
500
000 shares of common stock at
an offering price of $40.00 per share. The Company did not receive
any proceeds from the sale of shares by Solera. The offering
expenses incurred by the Company were $0.5 million
 including
legal
 accounting and printing costs and various other fees
associated with the registration and sale of common stock sold in
the secondary public offering. The Company
 concurrently with the
closing of the secondary public offering
 repurchased and retired
500
000 shares of its common stock from Solera in a private
non-underwritten transaction at a price of $38.25 per share. The
price paid by the Company was equal to the price paid by the
underwriters in the secondary public offering.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of
Estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The preparation
of financial statements in conformity with U.S.&amp;#xA0;GAAP requires
management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of sales and expenses during
the reported periods. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Concentration
Risk&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
controls credit risk through credit approvals
 credit limits and
monitoring procedures. The Company performs periodic credit
evaluations of its customers and records an allowance for
uncollectible accounts receivable based on a specific
identification methodology. In addition
 management may record an
additional allowance based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s experience with
accounts receivable aging categories. Accounts receivable are
recorded net of allowances for trade discounts and doubtful
accounts. As of March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had $5.2
million and $5.2 million
 respectively
 for allowance for trade
discounts. The Company had no allowance for doubtful accounts as of
March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Customers with
10% or more of the Company&amp;#x2019;s net sales and accounts
receivable consist of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net
Sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Customer&amp;#xA0;A&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Customer&amp;#xA0;B&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Customer&amp;#xA0;C&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Receivable(1)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Fiscal Year Ended March
31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; WIDTH: 10%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Not presented&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In fiscal 2013
 two
customers represented 36% and 26%
 respectively
 of accounts
receivable. The same two customers represented 45% and 21%
respectively
 of accounts receivable in fiscal 2012. In fiscal
2013
 one additional customer represented 10% of accounts
receivable.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
relies on a limited number of suppliers for the ingredients used in
manufacturing its products. In order to mitigate any adverse impact
from a disruption of supply
 the Company attempts to maintain an
adequate supply of ingredients and believes that other vendors
would be able to provide similar ingredients if supplies were
disrupted. The Company outsources the manufacturing of its products
to contract manufacturers in the U.S. As of March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and
2012
 four and two vendors accounted for 75% and 26% of accounts
payable
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value of Financial
Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Fair value is
defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or
paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the reporting date. The
accounting guidance establishes a three-tiered hierarchy
 which
prioritizes the inputs used in the valuation methodologies in
measuring fair value:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 4%&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Level
1&amp;#x2014;Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or
liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 4%&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Level
2&amp;#x2014;Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable
 either
directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices in markets that are
not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be
corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full
term of the assets or liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 4%&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Level
3&amp;#x2014;Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no
market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the
assets or liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The
categorization of a financial instrument within the valuation
hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant
to the fair value measurement.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The carrying
amounts of the Company&amp;#x2019;s financial instruments
 including
accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued liabilities and
credit facility
 approximate fair value due to their relatively
short maturities. The carrying amount of the convertible preferred
stock warrant liability at March&amp;#xA0;31
 2012 represents its
estimated fair value (Note 9). Upon consummation of the IPO on
April&amp;#xA0;2
 2012
 prior to the automatic conversion of the
convertible preferred stock warrant into a common stock warrant
the estimated fair value was remeasured and the change in fair
value was recorded as a non-cash charge in other income (expense)
net and the related liability was reclassified to additional
paid-in capital.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The
Company&amp;#x2019;s cash primarily consists of funds held in general
checking accounts.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventories are
recorded at the lower of cost (determined under the
first-in-first-out method) or market. Write downs are provided for
finished goods expected to become nonsaleable due to age and
provisions are specifically made for slow moving or obsolete raw
ingredients and packaging material. The Company also adjusts the
carrying value of its inventories when it believes that the net
realizable value is less than the carrying value. These write-downs
are measured as the difference between the cost of the inventory
including estimated costs to complete
 and estimated selling prices
including cost of selling. These charges are recorded as a
component of cost of sales. Once inventory is written down
 a new
lower-cost basis for that inventory is established.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property and
Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Property and
equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed using the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.
Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method
over the shorter of the lease term or estimated useful lives.
Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Assets
not yet placed in use are not depreciated.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The useful
lives of the property and equipment are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=51%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=47%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Equipment and automotive&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3 to 7 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Software&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3 to 7 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Plates and dies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Shorter of lease term or estimated useful life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
capitalizes certain internal and external costs related to the
development and enhancement of the Company&amp;#x2019;s internal-use
software. Capitalized internal-use software development costs are
included in property and equipment on the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets. As of March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 the Company had $2.1
million capitalized software development costs
 net of accumulated
amortization including $0.4 million in construction in progress. As
of March&amp;#xA0;31
 2012
 the Company had $2.0 million capitalized
software development costs
 net of accumulated amortization
including $1.6 million in construction in progress.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Goodwill&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In connection
with prior acquisitions
 the Company recorded $30.8 million of
goodwill resulting from the excess of the purchase price over the
fair value of the assets acquired and the liabilities
assumed.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Goodwill is
tested for impairment annually in the fourth fiscal quarter and
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying
value of goodwill may not be recoverable. Triggering events that
may indicate impairment include
 but are not limited to
significant adverse change in customer demand or business climate
that could affect the value of an asset or significant decrease in
expected cash flows at the reporting unit. In its annual impairment
evaluation
 the Company first assesses qualitative factors to
determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of
its sole reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis
to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step
goodwill impairment test. The more-likely-than-not threshold is
defined as having a likelihood of more than 50 percent. The
goodwill impairment test involves a two-step process and is tested
at the Company&amp;#x2019;s sole reporting unit level by comparing the
reporting unit&amp;#x2019;s carrying amount
 including goodwill
 to the
fair value of the reporting unit. If the carrying amount of the
sole reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 the second step of the
goodwill impairment test shall be performed to measure the amount
of impairment loss
 if any. When impaired
 the carrying value of
goodwill is written down to fair value. There was no impairment of
goodwill identified during the years ended March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
2012 and 2011.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Impairment of Long-lived
Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Long-lived
assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not
be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is
measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to
future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the
carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash
flows
 an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which
the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the
asset. There was no impairment of long-lived assets during the
years ended March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Convertible Preferred
Stock Warrant Liability&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
accounted for its convertible preferred stock warrant to purchase
shares of Company&amp;#x2019;s convertible preferred stock as a
liability at fair value upon issuance
 because the warrant could
obligate the Company to transfer assets to the holder at a future
date under certain circumstances
 such as a change of control. The
warrant was subjected to remeasurement to fair value at each
balance sheet date
 and any change in fair value was recognized in
other income (expense)
 net in the consolidated statements of
operations. See &amp;#x201C;Out-of-Period Adjustment&amp;#x201D; below. The
liability was adjusted for changes in fair value until the earliest
of the exercise
 expiration of the convertible preferred stock
warrant and conversion to a warrant to purchase common stock.
Immediately prior to the closing of the IPO
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s
outstanding convertible preferred stock warrant was automatically
converted into a common stock warrant to purchase a total of 80
560
shares of common stock and the related convertible preferred stock
warrant liability was reclassified to additional paid-in
capital.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Convertible Preferred
Stock&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Prior to the
IPO
 the holders of the Company&amp;#x2019;s convertible preferred stock
controlled the vote of stockholders and board of directors through
appointed representatives. As a result
 the holders of the
convertible preferred stock could have forced a change of control
that would have triggered liquidation. As redemption of the
convertible preferred stock through liquidation was outside of the
Company&amp;#x2019;s control
 all shares of convertible preferred stock
have been presented outside of permanent equity on the consolidated
balance sheet as of March&amp;#xA0;31
 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Sales Recognition and
Sales Incentives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Sales of the
Company&amp;#x2019;s products are recognized when persuasive evidence of
an arrangement exists
 the price is fixed or determinable
ownership and risk of loss have been transferred to the customer
either upon delivery or pick up of products by the customer and
there is a reasonable assurance of collection of the sales
proceeds. Generally
 the Company extends uncollateralized credit to
its retailers and distributors ranging up to 30 days and performs
ongoing credit evaluation of its customers. The payment terms are
typically net-30 with a discount for net-10 payment. The Company
recognizes sales net of estimated trade allowances
 slotting fees
sales incentives
 cash discounts
 returns and coupons. The cost of
these trade allowances
 slotting fees and sales incentives is
estimated using a number of factors
 including estimated units
sold
 customer participation and redemption rates. The Company has
entered into contracts with some retailers granting an allowance
for spoils and damaged products. Amounts related to shipping and
handling that are billed to customers are reflected in net sales
and the related shipping and handling costs are reflected in
selling
 general and administrative expenses.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cost of
Sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cost of sales
consists of the costs of ingredients utilized in the manufacture of
products
 contract manufacturing fees
 packaging and in-bound
freight charges.&amp;#xA0;Ingredients account for the largest portion
of the cost of sales
 followed by contract manufacturing fees and
packaging.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shipping and Handling
Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Shipping and
handling costs are included in selling
 general and administrative
expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Shipping and
handling costs primarily consist of costs associated with moving
finished products to customers
 including costs associated with the
Company&amp;#x2019;s distribution center
 route delivery costs and the
cost of shipping products to customers through third-party
carriers. Shipping and handling costs recorded as a component of
selling
 general and administrative expenses were $5.7 million
$4.8 million and $4.7 million for the years ended March&amp;#xA0;31
2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Research and Development
Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Research and
development costs consist of the costs incurred to develop new
products. These costs include consumer research
 prototype
development
 materials and resources to conduct trial production
runs
 package development and employee-related costs for personnel
responsible for product innovation. Research and development costs
recorded as a component of selling
 general and administrative
expenses were approximately $2.8 million
 $2.0 million and $2.1
million for the years ended March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Advertising
Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Advertising
costs include the costs of producing advertisements and the costs
of communicating advertisements. The costs of producing
advertisements are expensed as incurred and the costs of
communicating advertising are expensed over the period of
communication. Total advertising costs for the years ended
March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011 included in selling
 general and
administrative expenses were approximately $0.9 million
 $1.2
million and $0.8 million
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Product
Recall&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
establishes reserves for product recalls on a product-specific
basis when circumstances giving rise to the recall become known.
The Company
 when establishing reserves for a product recall
considers cost estimates for any fees and incentives to customers
for their effort to return the product
 freight and destruction
charges for returned products
 warehouse and inspection fees
repackaging materials
 point-of-sale materials and other costs
including costs incurred by contract manufacturers. Additionally
the Company estimates product returns from consumers and customers
across distribution channels
 utilizing third-party data and other
assumptions. These factors are updated and reevaluated each period
and the related reserves are adjusted when these factors indicate
that the recall reserves are either insufficient to cover or exceed
the estimated product recall expenses.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Significant
changes in the assumptions used to develop estimates for product
recall reserves could affect key financial information
 including
accounts receivable
 inventory
 accrued liabilities
 net sales
gross profit
 operating expenses and net income. In addition
estimating product recall reserves requires a high degree of
judgment in areas such as estimating consumer returns
 shelf and
in-stock inventory at retailers across distribution channels
 fees
and incentives to be earned by customers for their effort to return
the products
 future freight rates and consumers&amp;#x2019;
claims.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Segment
Reporting&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
determined its operating segment on the same basis that it uses to
evaluate its performance internally. The Company has one business
activity
 marketing and distribution of natural and organic food
products
 and operates as one operating segment. The
Company&amp;#x2019;s chief operating decision-maker
 its chief executive
officer
 reviews its operating results on an aggregate basis for
purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial
performance.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock-Based
Compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
maintains performance incentive plans under which nonqualified
stock options
 restricted stock units and performance share units
are granted to eligible employees and directors. The cost of
stock-based transactions is recognized in the financial statements
based upon fair value. The fair value of restricted stock units and
performance share units is determined based on the number of units
granted and the closing price of the Company&amp;#x2019;s common stock
as of the grant date. Additionally
 stock-based compensation
related to performance share units reflects the estimated probable
outcome at the end of the performance period. The fair value of
stock options is determined as of the grant date using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model. Fair value is recognized as
expense on a straight line basis
 net of estimated forfeitures
over the employee requisite service period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The benefits of
tax deductions in excess of recognized compensation costs are
reported as a credit to additional paid-in capital and as financing
cash flows
 but only when such excess tax benefits are realized by
a reduction to current taxes payable.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Treasury
Stock&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
accounts for treasury stock under the cost method
 and upon
retirement of the treasury stock
 charges the excess of the
purchase price and the par value per share of common stock entirely
to additional paid-in capital.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income
Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Income taxes
are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax
consequences attributable to differences between the financial
statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and
their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit
carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted tax rates applicable to taxable income in the years
in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered
or settled. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax
assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that
includes the enactment date. The Company recognizes deferred tax
assets when
 based upon available evidence
 realization of the
assets is more likely than not.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The accounting
standard for uncertainty in income taxes prescribes a recognition
threshold that a tax position is required to meet before being
recognized in the financial statements and provides guidance on
derecognition
 measurement
 classification
 interest and penalties
accounting in interim periods
 disclosure and transition issues.
Differences between tax positions taken in a tax return and amounts
recognized in the financial statements generally result in an
increase in a liability for income taxes payable or a reduction of
an income tax refund receivable
 or a reduction in a deferred tax
asset or an increase in a deferred tax liability
 or
both.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
recognizes interest and penalties related to tax positions in
income tax expense. To the extent that accrued interest and
penalties do not ultimately become payable
 amounts accrued will be
reduced and reflected as a reduction of the overall income tax
provision in the period that such determination is made. No
interest or penalties have been accrued for any period
presented.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;During fiscal
year ended March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 the Company recognized $21.4
million of tax deductions associated with stock option exercises.
As of March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 $20.0 million of these tax deductions
are considered &amp;#x201C;excess&amp;#x201D; stock compensation related
deductions. Such &amp;#x201C;excess&amp;#x201D; stock compensation related
tax deductions are required to be recorded directly to
additional-paid-in-capital (rather than as a tax benefit to the
income statement) when the tax savings are realized on the
Company&amp;#x2019;s tax returns. In determining the amount of cash tax
savings realized from the excess stock compensation deductions
 the
Company&amp;#x2019;s accounting policy is to follow the tax law ordering
approach
 which provides that tax benefits follow the sequence in
which these amounts are utilized for tax reporting purposes. As a
result of the excess stock-based compensation deductions in fiscal
2013
 the Company reduced its taxes payable and credited
additional-paid-in-capital for $8.1 million.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net Income Per Share of
Common Stock&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Basic net
income per share of common stock is calculated by dividing the net
income attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average
number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period.
Diluted net income per share of common stock is computed by giving
effect to all potentially dilutive securities outstanding during
the period. The Company utilized the if-converted method and the
treasury stock method to calculate potential common shares that
underlay its convertible preferred stock and the warrant to
purchase its convertible preferred stock
 respectively.
Additionally
 the Company utilizes the treasury stock method to
calculate potential common shares that underlie stock options to
purchase common stock and restricted stock units. Performance share
units are excluded from potential common shares since no shares
were issuable as of March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012. The performance
share units vest based on achievement of specified percentage of
targeted cumulative compounded adjusted diluted earnings per share
growth rate during the three-year period ending March&amp;#xA0;31
2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The potential
common shares from (i)&amp;#xA0;the convertible preferred stock warrant
and restricted stock units for the fiscal year ended March&amp;#xA0;31
2012; (ii)&amp;#xA0;the convertible preferred stock for the fiscal
years ended March&amp;#xA0;31
 2012 and 2011; and (iii)&amp;#xA0;certain
stock options to purchase Company&amp;#x2019;s common stock for the
fiscal year ended March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012; had an
anti-dilutive effect on the earnings per share
 and
 accordingly
were excluded from the calculation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income
attributable to common stockholders during the fiscal years ended
March&amp;#xA0;31
 2012 and 2011 was allocated using the two-class
method. The two-class method is an earnings allocation method for
calculating earnings per share when a company&amp;#x2019;s capital
structure includes two or more classes of common stock or common
stock and participating securities. Under this method
 the Company
reduced income from operations by the dividends paid to convertible
preferred stockholders and the rights of the convertible preferred
stockholders to participate in any undistributed earnings. The
undistributed earnings were allocated based on the relative
percentage of weighted average shares of outstanding convertible
preferred stock to the total number of weighted average shares of
outstanding common and convertible preferred stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Out-of-Period
Adjustment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;During fiscal
2012
 the Company corrected an error in the measurement of the
convertible preferred stock warrant liability. The correction
increased the fair value of the convertible preferred stock warrant
liability by $949
000
 decreased additional paid-in capital by
$431
000 with a corresponding increase in expense of $518
000
which was recorded in other income (expense)
 net in the
accompanying statement of operations during fiscal 2012. The
correction was an accumulation of an error that should have been
recorded in prior periods and would have increased net loss for
fiscal 2009 by $44
000
 increased net income by $79
000 for fiscal
2010 and decreased net income by $553
000 for fiscal 2011.
Management assessed the impact of this error and does not believe
that it is material
 either individually or in the aggregate
 to
any prior period financial statements or to the financial
statements for the year ended March&amp;#xA0;31
 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.&amp;#xA0;Balance Sheet
Components&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;!-- xbrl
body --&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventory&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventory is
comprised of the following (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;March&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Raw materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
391&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
938&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Work in process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;754&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
614&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
510&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
202&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property and Equipment
Net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Property and
equipment
 net are comprised of the following (in
thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;March&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Equipment and
automotive&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
959&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
730&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Software&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
410&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
188&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Leasehold
improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Plates and dies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;244&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;352&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total property and
equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
808&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
836&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less: Accumulated
depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
760&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
719&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Construction in
progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
090&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
181&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Property and equipment
net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
138&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
incurred depreciation expense of approximately $1.0 million
 $0.8
million and $0.4 million during the years ended March&amp;#xA0;31
2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;During fiscal
2013
 the Company completed two construction projects &amp;#x2013;
(i)&amp;#xA0;a remodel of the existing office space (the
&amp;#x201C;Existing Space&amp;#x201D;) and (ii)&amp;#xA0;reconfiguration of the
warehouse space to additional office space in order to accommodate
growth. The cost of these capital projects totaled approximately
$975
000
 of which $629
000 was recorded in leasehold improvements
and the remaining $346
000 was recorded in equipment and automotive
on the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated balance sheet as of
March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Intangible Assets
Net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Intangible
assets
 net are comprised of the following (in
thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;March&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Product formulas&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other intangible
assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total intangible
assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
212&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
212&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less: accumulated
amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(96&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Intangible assets
net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In November
2011
 the Company acquired product formulas for a purchase price of
$2.0 million. The purchase agreement requires the Company to make
annual payments of at least $150
000 in each of the first six years
of the agreement
 with the balance of the $2.0 million payment due
at the end of the seven-year term in November 2018. The Company
recorded a product formula intangible asset of $1.0 million
representing the present value of the future payments
 which will
be amortized over the estimated useful life of 20 years using the
straight-line method.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
incurred amortization expense of approximately $60
000
 $27
000 and
$9
000 on its intangible assets in fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The estimated
future amortization expense relating to intangible assets is
anticipated to be $60
000 for each of the next five years from
fiscal 2014 through fiscal 2018
 totaling $300
000 and $816
000
after fiscal 2018.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Prepaid Expenses and
Other Current Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Prepaid
expenses and other current assets as of March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and
2012 included receivables from contract manufacturers and suppliers
of $3.9 million and $0.1 million
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accrued
Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following
table shows the components of accrued liabilities (in
thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=81%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;March&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Payroll and
employee-related expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
779&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
768&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accrued trade
expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
299&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
631&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventory received not
invoiced&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
038&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;531&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred rent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;264&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Brokerage
commissions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;407&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;382&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other accrued
liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
238&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;876&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total accrued
liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
452&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;!-- xbrl


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;

of the Company&amp;#x2019;s net sales and accounts receivable consist of
the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net
Sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Customer&amp;#xA0;A&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Customer&amp;#xA0;B&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Customer&amp;#xA0;C&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Receivable(1)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Fiscal Year Ended March
31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; WIDTH: 10%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Not presented&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In fiscal 2013
 two
customers represented 36% and 26%
 respectively
 of accounts
receivable. The same two customers represented 45% and 21%
respectively
 of accounts receivable in fiscal 2012. In fiscal
2013
 one additional customer represented 10% of accounts
receivable.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Concentration
Risk&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
controls credit risk through credit approvals
 credit limits and
monitoring procedures. The Company performs periodic credit
evaluations of its customers and records an allowance for
uncollectible accounts receivable based on a specific
identification methodology. In addition
 management may record an
additional allowance based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s experience with
accounts receivable aging categories. Accounts receivable are
recorded net of allowances for trade discounts and doubtful
accounts. As of March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had $5.2
million and $5.2 million
 respectively
 for allowance for trade
discounts. The Company had no allowance for doubtful accounts as of
March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Customers with
10% or more of the Company&amp;#x2019;s net sales and accounts
receivable consist of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net
Sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Customer&amp;#xA0;A&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Customer&amp;#xA0;B&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Customer&amp;#xA0;C&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Receivable(1)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Fiscal Year Ended March
31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; WIDTH: 10%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Not presented&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In fiscal 2013
 two
customers represented 36% and 26%
 respectively
 of accounts
receivable. The same two customers represented 45% and 21%
respectively
 of accounts receivable in fiscal 2012. In fiscal
2013
 one additional customer represented 10% of accounts
receivable.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
relies on a limited number of suppliers for the ingredients used in
manufacturing its products. In order to mitigate any adverse impact
from a disruption of supply
 the Company attempts to maintain an
adequate supply of ingredients and believes that other vendors
would be able to provide similar ingredients if supplies were
disrupted. The Company outsources the manufacturing of its products
to contract manufacturers in the U.S. As of March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and
2012
 four and two vendors accounted for 75% and 26% of accounts
payable
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;



Transactions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;
&lt;!-- xbrl
body --&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

Capital
 LLC&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;

 the Company
entered into a management agreement to supersede a prior agreement
by and between the Company and Solera Capital
 LLC
 an affiliate of
its principal stockholder
 Solera Partners
 L.P.
 to retain Solera
to continue to provide consulting and advisory services to the
Company for a term ending on the later of: (i)&amp;#xA0;March&amp;#xA0;5
2014
 or (ii)&amp;#xA0;the date on which Solera and its affiliates
cease to own at least 10% of the voting equity of the Company
(including any successor thereto). Such services may include
(i)&amp;#xA0;assisting in the raising of additional debt and equity
capital from time to time for the Company
 if deemed advisable by
the Board of Directors of the Company
 (ii)&amp;#xA0;assisting the
Company in its long-term strategic planning generally
 and
(iii)&amp;#xA0;providing such other consulting and advisory services as
the Company may reasonably request.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;

providing the services listed above
 effective April&amp;#xA0;1
 2011
the Company agreed to pay Solera an annual advisory fee of
$600
000
 payable quarterly in advance on the first day of each
calendar quarter
 provided
 however
 that the fee for the calendar
quarter commencing April&amp;#xA0;1
 2011 was due within 10 days of
date of the agreement. The Company also agreed to reimburse Solera
for Solera&amp;#x2019;s out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in
connection with the investment by Solera in the Company in the
performance of Solera&amp;#x2019;s duties under the agreement. During
the years ended March&amp;#xA0;31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company incurred
$0.6 million and $0.4 million
 respectively
 for such consulting
and advisory services. The advisory services agreement with Solera
was terminated upon the consummation of the IPO and as such the
Company paid to Solera a one-time termination fee of $1.3 million
in April 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;

 2013
 the
Company concurrently with the closing of the secondary public
offering repurchased 500
000 shares of its common stock from Solera
in a private
 non-underwritten transaction at a price of $38.25 per
share. The price paid by the Company was equal to the price paid by
the underwriters in the secondary public
offering.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;
&lt;!-- xbrl


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The provision
for (benefit from) income taxes was as follows (in
thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year Ended
March&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
111&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
205&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;446&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
894&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;941&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
934&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
099&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
387&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;681&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;933&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
220&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(297&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(444&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;384&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;489&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
161&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less: Valuation
allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
295&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;384&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;489&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7
134&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Provision for (benefit
from) income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
318&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
588&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(5
747&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cost of
Sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cost of sales
consists of the costs of ingredients utilized in the manufacture of
products
 contract manufacturing fees
 packaging and in-bound
freight charges.&amp;#xA0;Ingredients account for the largest portion
of the cost of sales
 followed by contract manufacturing fees and
packaging.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Property and
equipment
 net are comprised of the following (in
thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;March&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Equipment and
automotive&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
959&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
730&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Software&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
410&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
188&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Leasehold
improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Plates and dies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;244&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;352&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total property and
equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
808&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
836&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less: Accumulated
depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
760&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
719&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Construction in
progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
090&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
181&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Property and equipment
net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
138&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;

  

  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;

numerator and denominator used in the calculation of the basic and
diluted net income per share attributable to common stockholders is
as follows (in thousands except share and per share
amounts):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year Ended
March&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 75pt&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net income
per share:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Numerator&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
551&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
589&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;20
155&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less: Dividends paid to
convertible preferred stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
159&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Undistributed income (loss)
attributable to convertible preferred stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
842&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income attributable to
common stockholders&amp;#x2014;basic and diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
551&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;290&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;596&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Denominator&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average shares of
common stock outstanding used in computing net income attributable
to common stockholders&amp;#x2014;basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17
129
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;469
089&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;461
884&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Potential dilutive options
as calculated using treasury stock method&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;570
210&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;641
999&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;703
561&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Potential restricted stock
units
 as calculated using treasury stock method&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
295&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Potential dilutive
warrants
 as calculated using treasury stock method&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;35
680&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average shares of
common stock outstanding used in computing net income attributable
to common stockholders&amp;#x2014;diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17
707
839&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
111
088&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
201
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income per share
attributable to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;Basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;Diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventory is
comprised of the following (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;March&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Raw materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
391&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
938&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Work in process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;754&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
614&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
510&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
202&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;

  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The
Company&amp;#x2019;s net sales by geographic areas
 based on the
location to where the product was shipped
 are summarized as
follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year Ended
March&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;162
749&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;136
803&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;114
454&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Canada&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
228&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
501&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
162&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;169
977&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;141
304&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;117
616&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;

  
  

  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;18.&amp;#xA0;Subsequent
Events&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;!-- xbrl
body --&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;On May&amp;#xA0;30
2013 the Company granted 22
230
 7
640 and 32
460 non-qualified
stock options
 restricted stock units and performance share units
respectively
 to its employees from the Omnibus Incentive
Plan.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;!-- /xbrl

  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;

under our 2004 Plan
 non-plan option awards and Omnibus Incentive
Plan is set forth below:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=50%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&lt;br /&gt;
of&amp;#xA0;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-Average&lt;br /&gt;
Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-Average&lt;br /&gt;
Remaining&lt;br /&gt;
Contractual Life&lt;br /&gt;
(in Years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
Intrinsic&lt;br /&gt;
Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance
 March&amp;#xA0;31
2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
759
367&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9.56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;91
239&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;38.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(15
606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(631
010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance
 March&amp;#xA0;31
2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
203
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13.26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Vested and expected to
vest&amp;#x2014;March 31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;990
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;27
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercisable&amp;#x2014;March 31
2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;747
273&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7.73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;22
816&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.&amp;#xA0;Description of
Business&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Annie&amp;#x2019;s
Inc. (the &amp;#x201C;Company&amp;#x201D;)
 a Delaware corporation
incorporated April&amp;#xA0;28
 2004
 is a natural and organic food
company. The Company offers over 135 products in the following
three product categories: meals; snacks; and dressings
 condiments
and other. The Company&amp;#x2019;s products are sold throughout the
U.S. and Canada via a multi-channel distribution network that
serves the mainstream grocery
 mass merchandiser and natural
retailer channels. The Company&amp;#x2019;s headquarters are located in
Berkeley
 California.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Goodwill&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In connection
with prior acquisitions
 the Company recorded $30.8 million of
goodwill resulting from the excess of the purchase price over the
fair value of the assets acquired and the liabilities
assumed.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Goodwill is
tested for impairment annually in the fourth fiscal quarter and
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying
value of goodwill may not be recoverable. Triggering events that
may indicate impairment include
 but are not limited to
significant adverse change in customer demand or business climate
that could affect the value of an asset or significant decrease in
expected cash flows at the reporting unit. In its annual impairment
evaluation
 the Company first assesses qualitative factors to
determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of
its sole reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis
to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step
goodwill impairment test. The more-likely-than-not threshold is
defined as having a likelihood of more than 50 percent. The
goodwill impairment test involves a two-step process and is tested
at the Company&amp;#x2019;s sole reporting unit level by comparing the
reporting unit&amp;#x2019;s carrying amount
 including goodwill
 to the
fair value of the reporting unit. If the carrying amount of the
sole reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 the second step of the
goodwill impairment test shall be performed to measure the amount
of impairment loss
 if any. When impaired
 the carrying value of
goodwill is written down to fair value. There was no impairment of
goodwill identified during the years ended March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
2012 and 2011.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;10. Preferred
Stock&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;!-- xbrl
body --&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;As of
March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s Charter authorized
5
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 $0.001 par value per share. As
of March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 no certificate of designations defining the
rights and preferences of the preferred stock had been filed and no
shares of preferred stock were outstanding.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;As of
March&amp;#xA0;31
 2012
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s Charter authorized
18
867
086 shares of preferred stock
 $0.001 par value per share.
12
346
555 of such authorized preferred stock were designated as
convertible preferred stock
 12
281
553 of which were issued and
outstanding (see Note 8). No certificate of designation defining
the rights and preferences of the remaining 6
455
531 shares of
preferred stock
 had been filed and none of such shares of
preferred stock were outstanding.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;!-- xbrl

  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income
Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Income taxes
are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax
consequences attributable to differences between the financial
statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and
their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit
carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted tax rates applicable to taxable income in the years
in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered
or settled. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax
assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that
includes the enactment date. The Company recognizes deferred tax
assets when
 based upon available evidence
 realization of the
assets is more likely than not.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The accounting
standard for uncertainty in income taxes prescribes a recognition
threshold that a tax position is required to meet before being
recognized in the financial statements and provides guidance on
derecognition
 measurement
 classification
 interest and penalties
accounting in interim periods
 disclosure and transition issues.
Differences between tax positions taken in a tax return and amounts
recognized in the financial statements generally result in an
increase in a liability for income taxes payable or a reduction of
an income tax refund receivable
 or a reduction in a deferred tax
asset or an increase in a deferred tax liability
 or
both.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
recognizes interest and penalties related to tax positions in
income tax expense. To the extent that accrued interest and
penalties do not ultimately become payable
 amounts accrued will be
reduced and reflected as a reduction of the overall income tax
provision in the period that such determination is made. No
interest or penalties have been accrued for any period
presented.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;During fiscal
year ended March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 the Company recognized $21.4
million of tax deductions associated with stock option exercises.
As of March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 $20.0 million of these tax deductions
are considered &amp;#x201C;excess&amp;#x201D; stock compensation related
deductions. Such &amp;#x201C;excess&amp;#x201D; stock compensation related
tax deductions are required to be recorded directly to
additional-paid-in-capital (rather than as a tax benefit to the
income statement) when the tax savings are realized on the
Company&amp;#x2019;s tax returns. In determining the amount of cash tax
savings realized from the excess stock compensation deductions
 the
Company&amp;#x2019;s accounting policy is to follow the tax law ordering
approach
 which provides that tax benefits follow the sequence in
which these amounts are utilized for tax reporting purposes. As a
result of the excess stock-based compensation deductions in fiscal
2013
 the Company reduced its taxes payable and credited
additional-paid-in-capital for $8.1 million.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following
outstanding shares of potentially dilutive securities were excluded
from the computation of diluted net income per share of common
stock for the periods presented
 because including them would have
been anti-dilutive:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=71%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year Ended
March&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Convertible preferred stock
(on an as-if converted basis)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
221
571&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
221
571&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Options to purchase common
stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;91
239&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;379
304&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Restricted stock
units&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Convertible preferred stock
warrant&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;80
560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;91
239&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
698
135&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
221
571&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;

forth net sales by product category expressed as dollar amounts (in
thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year Ended
March&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Meals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;79
270&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;60
624&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;49
168&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Snacks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;66
844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;56
789&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;44
687&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Dressings
 condiments and
other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;23
863&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;23
891&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;23
761&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;169
977&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;141
304&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;117
616&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;14.&amp;#xA0;Income
Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;!-- xbrl
body --&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The provision for (benefit
from) income taxes was as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year Ended
March&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
111&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
205&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;446&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
894&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;941&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
934&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
099&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
387&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;681&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;933&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
220&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(297&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(444&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;384&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;489&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
161&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less: Valuation
allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
295&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;384&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;489&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7
134&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Provision for (benefit
from) income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
318&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
588&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(5
747&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The reconciliation of the
statutory federal income tax rate to the Company&amp;#x2019;s effective
tax is presented below:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=79%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&amp;#xA0;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&amp;#xA0;March&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Tax at federal statutory
rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;State income taxes
 net of
federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Non-deductible permanent
difference&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Effect of tax rate
change&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Change in valuation
allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(78.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Provision for (benefit
from) income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;41.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;40.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(39.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;During fiscal
2013
 the Company reduced its taxes payable by $8.1 million
 as a
result of the exercise of non-qualified stock options. The excess
tax benefit associated with stock-based compensation of $20.0
million for the fiscal year ended March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 was recorded
in additional-paid-in-capital.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The tax effects
of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of
the deferred tax assets are presented below (in
thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;March&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred tax
assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Credits and net operating
loss carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
749&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
975&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
804&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Share-based compensation
expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
332&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accrued
compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
211&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;895&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Reserves and
allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;436&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Capital loss
carryforward&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;428&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;645&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;729&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;586&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Gross deferred tax
assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
527&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
898&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Valuation
allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(428&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total deferred tax
assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
373&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
562&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred tax
liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Property
 plant and
equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
111&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(458&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(428&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total deferred tax
liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
111&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(458&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(428&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net deferred tax
assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
262&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
645&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
134&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;As of
March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 the Company has a $5.1 million state capital
loss carryforward resulting from the disposition of Fantastic Foods
in fiscal 2009
 for which a full valuation allowance is recorded
because management believes it is more likely than not that the
Company will not generate a capital gain needed to be able to
offset the state capital loss.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company had the
following net operating loss (&amp;#x201C;NOL&amp;#x201D;) carryforwards for
tax purposes (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;March&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
276&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
931&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
165&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
686&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
070&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;These NOL
carryforwards are available to offset future federal and state
taxable income through 2028 and 2033
 respectively. Pursuant to
Section&amp;#xA0;382 of the Internal Revenue Code
 if there is a change
in stock ownership of the Company exceeding 50% during a three-year
period
 the utilization of the Company&amp;#x2019;s NOL carryforwards
may be limited. The business acquisitions in fiscal 2005 resulted
in a change in stock ownership and
 consequently
 the
Company&amp;#x2019;s NOLs generated prior to these ownership changes are
subject to an annual limitation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
files consolidated tax returns for federal income taxes as well as
for state income taxes in various state jurisdictions. In the
normal course of business
 the Company is subject to examination by
taxing authorities. These audits include questioning the timing and
amount of deductions
 the nexus of income among various tax
jurisdictions and compliance with federal
 state
 and local tax
laws. Due to net operating loss carryovers
 the Company is open for
U.S. federal
 state and local income tax examinations for fiscal
1998 until 2003 and then once again for U.S. federal income tax
examinations for fiscal 2010 and beyond and for state and local
income tax examinations for fiscal 2009 and beyond.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company did
not have any unrecognized tax positions at March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
2012 and 2011 that if recognized would affect the annual effective
tax rate. During the years ended March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 2012 and
2011
 the Company did not record any accrued interest or penalties
for federal and state income tax purposes. It is difficult to
predict the final timing and resolution of any particular uncertain
tax position. Based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s assessment
 including
past experience and complex judgments about future events
 the
Company does not expect that changes in the liability for
unrecognized tax benefits during the next twelve months will have a
significant impact on its financial position or results of
operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;!-- xbrl

  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following
table shows the components of accrued liabilities (in
thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=81%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;March&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Payroll and
employee-related expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
779&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
768&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accrued trade
expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
299&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
631&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventory received not
invoiced&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
038&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;531&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred rent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;264&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Brokerage
commissions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;407&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;382&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other accrued
liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
238&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;876&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total accrued
liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
452&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;

  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Research and Development
Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Research and
development costs consist of the costs incurred to develop new
products. These costs include consumer research
 prototype
development
 materials and resources to conduct trial production
runs
 package development and employee-related costs for personnel
responsible for product innovation. Research and development costs
recorded as a component of selling
 general and administrative
expenses were approximately $2.8 million
 $2.0 million and $2.1
million for the years ended March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shipping and Handling
Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Shipping and
handling costs are included in selling
 general and administrative
expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Shipping and
handling costs primarily consist of costs associated with moving
finished products to customers
 including costs associated with the
Company&amp;#x2019;s distribution center
 route delivery costs and the
cost of shipping products to customers through third-party
carriers. Shipping and handling costs recorded as a component of
selling
 general and administrative expenses were $5.7 million
$4.8 million and $4.7 million for the years ended March&amp;#xA0;31
2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;4.&amp;#xA0;Credit
Facility&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;!-- xbrl
body --&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In 2005
 the
Company entered into a bank line of credit agreement (the
&amp;#x201C;Credit Agreement&amp;#x201D;) with Bank of America
 N.A.
 which
provided for revolving loans and letters of credit up to $11.0
million. In March 2008
 the Company amended the Credit Agreement
with Bank of America to establish an inter-creditor agreement with
another lender (Note 5). In August 2010
 the Company amended the
Credit Agreement to decrease the maximum borrowing limit on
revolving loans to $10.0 million and extended the expiration date
to August&amp;#xA0;20
 2012. In December 2011
 the Company entered into
a second amended and restated credit facility with Bank of America
that
 among other things
 provided for an increase in its line of
credit to $20.0 million and an extension of the term through August
2014. In March 2013
 the Company entered into another amendment to
its credit facility. This amendment provides for
 among other
things
 an increase in the line of credit to $40.0 million and
extension of the term through August 2016. The Credit Agreement is
collateralized by substantially all of Company&amp;#x2019;s
assets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company may
select from three interest rate options for borrowings under the
credit facility: (i)&amp;#xA0;LIBOR (as defined in the credit facility)
plus 1.25%
 (ii)&amp;#xA0;IBOR (as defined in the credit facility) plus
1.25% or (iii)&amp;#xA0;Prime Rate (as defined in the credit facility).
Weighted average interest was 1.45%
 2.74% and 1.68% for the years
ended March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. The Company
is required to pay a commitment fee on the unused credit facility
commitments
 if the outstanding balance is less than half the
commitment at an annual rate ranging from 0.25% to 0.40% depending
on the utilization rate. As of March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 there
was $33.0 million and $7.2 million
 respectively
 of availability
for borrowings under the Credit Agreement. Interest is payable
monthly.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The credit
facility contains restrictions on
 among other things
Company&amp;#x2019;s ability to incur additional indebtedness
 pay
dividends or make other distributions and make investments and
loans. The credit facility also limits Company&amp;#x2019;s ability to
make capital expenditures in excess of $15.0 million. The credit
facility requires that the Company maintain a Funded Debt (as
defined in the credit facility) to Adjusted EBITDA (as defined in
the credit facility) ratio of not more than 2.75 to 1.0 and a
minimum Net Worth (as defined in the credit facility) equal to at
least $50.0 million
 plus 30% of earnings after taxes earned each
quarter (if positive)
 beginning with the June 2013 quarterly
earnings.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;There are
various financial and other covenants under the Credit Agreement.
Financial covenants
 as defined in the Credit Agreement include a
net income covenant
 total liabilities to tangible net worth
covenant and a minimum fixed charge coverage covenant
 through the
term of the agreement. The Credit Agreement requires the Company to
submit interim and annual financial statements by specified dates
after each reporting period. The Company was in compliance with the
financial covenants as of March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
summarizes information about stock options outstanding at
March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options
Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock&amp;#xA0;Options&lt;br /&gt;
Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-Average&lt;br /&gt;
Remaining&lt;br /&gt;
Contractual Life&lt;br /&gt;
(Years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options&lt;br /&gt;
Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;4.93&amp;#x2014;5.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;167
835&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;167
835&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;6.62&amp;#x2014;6.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;253
501&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;253
501&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;7.30&amp;#x2014;7.95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;23
789&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;23
789&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;8.55&amp;#x2014;8.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;77
101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;77
101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;8.88&amp;#x2014;8.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;186
624&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;181
668&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;16.94&amp;#x2014;17.55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;154
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;43
379&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;19.00&amp;#x2014;19.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;248
976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;34.53&amp;#x2014;42.05&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;91
239&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
203
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;747
273&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;

  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;7. Commitments and
Contingencies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Lease
Commitments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
entered into a lease agreement (the &amp;#x201C;Lease&amp;#x201D;) for its
headquarters at 1610 Fifth Street
 Berkeley
 California on
November&amp;#xA0;15
 2010 with an initial term that began on
March&amp;#xA0;1
 2011 and expires in February 2016. The space was
comprised of 25
127 square feet of office space and 8
384 square
feet of warehouse space. Pursuant to the Lease
 the landlord
reserved the right to elect to recapture from the Company
 and
lease to a third party
 a portion of the warehouse space comprising
not more than 6
525 square feet (&amp;#x201C;Recapture Space&amp;#x201D;)
subject to certain terms and conditions provided for by the Lease.
Notwithstanding the foregoing
 the Company had a right of first
refusal to lease the Recapture Space. The lease term for the
Recapture Space was coterminous with the initial term
 including
any extensions. Further
 in the event that the landlord did not
elect to recapture the Recapture Space
 the Company had the right
upon written notice to the landlord
 to elect to lease the
Recapture Space
 in which event the landlord would build out the
Recapture Space for office use. On September&amp;#xA0;25
 2012
 the
Company exercised the right and entered into an amendment to the
Lease (the &amp;#x201C;Lease Amendment&amp;#x201D;).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Lease
Amendment provided (i)&amp;#xA0;for the reconfiguration of the
warehouse space to additional office space in order to accommodate
growth
 and (ii)&amp;#xA0;the Company with a first option to extend the
initial term of the Lease for three years (the &amp;#x201C;First
Option&amp;#x201D;) followed by a second option to extend the Lease for
an additional two years (the &amp;#x201C;Second Option&amp;#x201D; and
together with the First Option
 the &amp;#x201C;Option Periods&amp;#x201D;).
Concurrently with the execution of the Lease Amendment
 the Company
exercised the First Option to extend the initial lease for an
additional three years to February 2019. The terms
 covenants and
conditions of the Lease
 as amended
 will continue to govern the
Options Periods
 except that the applicable monthly rent for the
Option Periods will be equal to 95% of the fair market rental rate
for the property
 however
 the monthly rent payable during the
Option Periods will not be less than the monthly rent payable
during the immediately preceding month of the initial term or First
Option period
 as applicable. The landlord is required to deliver
to the Company a notice of the fair market rental rate for the
property no later than August&amp;#xA0;1
 2015. If the Company does not
agree with the proposed fair market rental rate
 then the term of
the lease will expire at the end of the initial term in February
2016. In such event
 the Company will have to reimburse to the
landlord an amount not to exceed 40% of the total tenant
improvement allowance plus interest
 as determined in accordance
with the Lease.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Rent expense
for non-cancellable operating lease with scheduled rent increases
is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Rent
expense for the years ended March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011 was
approximately $532
000
 $480
000 and $309
000
respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Future minimum
lease payments under the noncancelable operating leases as of
March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 103pt&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year
Ending March&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Lease&amp;#xA0;Payments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;634&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;651&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;662&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;586&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total future minimum lease
payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
871&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Purchase
Commitments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company has
material non-cancelable purchase commitments
 directly or through
contract manufacturers
 to purchase ingredients to be used in the
future to manufacture its products. As of March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 the
Company&amp;#x2019;s purchase commitments totaled $10.4 million
 which
will substantially be incurred in fiscal 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In September
2011
 the Company entered into an agreement with its contract
warehousing company that includes minimum overhead fees of $200
000
annually beginning April&amp;#xA0;1
 2012 through June 2015. As of
March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 the remaining obligation under the agreement
for overhead fees was $450
000.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In November
2011
 the Company entered into an agreement with one of its
contract manufacturers for the purchase of product formulas for a
purchase price of $2.0 million. The agreement requires annual
payments of at least $150
000 in each of the first six years of the
agreement with the balance of the $2.0&amp;#xA0;million payment due at
the end of the seven-year term in November 2018. As of
March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s remaining obligation for
product formulas was $1.85 million.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Indemnifications&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In the normal
course of business
 the Company enters into contracts that contain
a variety of representations and provide for general
indemnifications. The Company&amp;#x2019;s exposure under these
agreements is unknown because it involves claims that may be made
against the Company in the future but have not yet been made. To
date
 the Company has not paid any claims or been required to
defend any action related to its indemnification obligations
 and
accordingly
 the Company believes that the estimated fair value of
these indemnification obligations is minimal and has not accrued
any amounts for these obligations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Legal
Matters&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;From time to
time
 the Company is subject to claims and assessments in the
ordinary course of business. The Company is not currently a party
to any litigation matter that
 individually or in the aggregate
 is
expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company&amp;#x2019;s
business
 financial condition
 results of operations or cash
flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;16.&amp;#xA0;Geographic
Areas and Product Sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;!-- xbrl
body --&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The
Company&amp;#x2019;s net sales by geographic areas
 based on the
location to where the product was shipped
 are summarized as
follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year Ended
March&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;162
749&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;136
803&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;114
454&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Canada&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
228&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
501&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
162&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;169
977&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;141
304&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;117
616&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following
table sets forth net sales by product category expressed as dollar
amounts (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year Ended
March&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Meals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;79
270&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;60
624&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;49
168&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Snacks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;66
844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;56
789&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;44
687&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Dressings
 condiments and
other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;23
863&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;23
891&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;23
761&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;169
977&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;141
304&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;117
616&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;All of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
long-lived assets are located in the U.S.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;!-- xbrl

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Advertising
Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Advertising
costs include the costs of producing advertisements and the costs
of communicating advertisements. The costs of producing
advertisements are expensed as incurred and the costs of
communicating advertising are expensed over the period of
communication. Total advertising costs for the years ended
March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011 included in selling
 general and
administrative expenses were approximately $0.9 million
 $1.2
million and $0.8 million
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Impairment of Long-lived
Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Long-lived
assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not
be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is
measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to
future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the
carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash
flows
 an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which
the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the
asset. There was no impairment of long-lived assets during the
years ended March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of
Estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The preparation
of financial statements in conformity with U.S.&amp;#xA0;GAAP requires
management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of sales and expenses during
the reported periods. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net Income Per Share of
Common Stock&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Basic net
income per share of common stock is calculated by dividing the net
income attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average
number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period.
Diluted net income per share of common stock is computed by giving
effect to all potentially dilutive securities outstanding during
the period. The Company utilized the if-converted method and the
treasury stock method to calculate potential common shares that
underlay its convertible preferred stock and the warrant to
purchase its convertible preferred stock
 respectively.
Additionally
 the Company utilizes the treasury stock method to
calculate potential common shares that underlie stock options to
purchase common stock and restricted stock units. Performance share
units are excluded from potential common shares since no shares
were issuable as of March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012. The performance
share units vest based on achievement of specified percentage of
targeted cumulative compounded adjusted diluted earnings per share
growth rate during the three-year period ending March&amp;#xA0;31
2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The potential
common shares from (i)&amp;#xA0;the convertible preferred stock warrant
and restricted stock units for the fiscal year ended March&amp;#xA0;31
2012; (ii)&amp;#xA0;the convertible preferred stock for the fiscal
years ended March&amp;#xA0;31
 2012 and 2011; and (iii)&amp;#xA0;certain
stock options to purchase Company&amp;#x2019;s common stock for the
fiscal year ended March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012; had an
anti-dilutive effect on the earnings per share
 and
 accordingly
were excluded from the calculation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income
attributable to common stockholders during the fiscal years ended
March&amp;#xA0;31
 2012 and 2011 was allocated using the two-class
method. The two-class method is an earnings allocation method for
calculating earnings per share when a company&amp;#x2019;s capital
structure includes two or more classes of common stock or common
stock and participating securities. Under this method
 the Company
reduced income from operations by the dividends paid to convertible
preferred stockholders and the rights of the convertible preferred
stockholders to participate in any undistributed earnings. The
undistributed earnings were allocated based on the relative
percentage of weighted average shares of outstanding convertible
preferred stock to the total number of weighted average shares of
outstanding common and convertible preferred stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;

Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of
stock options. The valuation model for stock compensation expense
requires the Company to make assumptions and judgments about the
variables used in the calculation including the expected term
(weighted-average period of time that the options granted are
expected to be outstanding); volatility of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
common stock
 an assumed-risk-free interest rate and the estimated
forfeitures of unvested stock options.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=5 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year Ended
March&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected term (in
years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.2&amp;#x2014;6.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected
volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;39.8%&amp;#x2014;40.8%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;41%&amp;#x2014;42%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Risk-free interest
rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.8%&amp;#x2014;1.1%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.1%&amp;#x2014;3.1%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected dividend
rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;12.&amp;#xA0;Stock Option
Plans&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;!-- xbrl
body --&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;2004 Stock Option
Plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In November
2004
 the Board of Directors of the Company adopted the 2004 Stock
Option Plan (the &amp;#x201C;2004 Plan&amp;#x201D;). Under the 2004 Plan
incentive and non-qualified stock options could be granted to
eligible employees
 directors and consultants. Vesting and exercise
provisions were determined by the Board of Directors at the time of
grant. Options granted generally vest annually on a straight-line
basis over a two- to five-year period from the date of grant.
Vested options can be exercised at any time and generally expire
ten years after the grant date. Options may be exercised once
vested at the price per share
 determined by the Board of Directors
when granted
 which approximated the fair market value at the grant
date. In the event that an option holder&amp;#x2019;s continuous service
terminates
 the option holder generally has three months from the
date of termination in which to exercise vested options.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;On
February&amp;#xA0;22
 2012
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s compensation committee
determined that no further awards would be granted under the 2004
Plan. As of March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 eligible participants held options
to purchase 721
247 shares of common stock under the 2004 Plan. If
outstanding stock options expire or are canceled without having
been fully exercised
 the underlying shares will not become
available for purposes of the 2004 Plan.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Annie&amp;#x2019;s
 Inc.
Omnibus Incentive Plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In February
2012
 the Board of Directors adopted and the Company&amp;#x2019;s
shareholders approved the Omnibus Incentive Plan
 which became
effective upon the completion of IPO. A total of 867
570 shares of
common stock were reserved for future issuance under the Omnibus
Incentive Plan. As of March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 no shares had been
issued under the Plan
 436
873 shares were reserved for issuance
pursuant to outstanding awards
 and 430
697 shares remained
available for future awards. Any shares covered by an award that
are forfeited
 expired
 canceled
 settled in cash or otherwise
terminated without delivery of shares to the grantee will be
available for future grants under the Omnibus Incentive Plan.
However
 shares surrendered to or withheld by the Company in
payment or satisfaction of the exercise price of an award or any
tax withholding obligation with respect to an award will not be
available for the grant of new awards. The Omnibus Incentive Plan
provides for grants of incentive stock options
 or ISOs
non-qualified stock options
 or NSOs
 stock appreciation rights
 or
SARs
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 performance awards
other stock-based awards and cash-based incentive
awards.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company has
granted non-qualified stock options
 restricted stock units and
performance share units to its employees from the Omnibus Incentive
Plan. As of March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 eligible participants held options
to purchase 340
215 shares of common stock
 20
192 restricted stock
units and 50
973 performance share units under the Omnibus
Incentive Plan. The options granted to employees generally vest in
four equal installments beginning on the second anniversary of the
grant date
 and on each anniversary thereafter
 provided
continuance of employment with the Company. The restricted stock
units granted to employees vest 50% on the second anniversary of
the grant date
 and the remaining 50% on the third anniversary of
the grant date
 provided continuance of the employment with the
Company. The performance share units granted to employees vest
based on achievement of required cumulative compounded adjusted
diluted earnings per share growth during the three-year period
beginning April&amp;#xA0;1
 2012 and ending March&amp;#xA0;31
2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-plan Stock Option
Awards&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
granted performance based option awards for the right to purchase
176
615 shares of common stock to certain key management prior to
fiscal 2012
 all of which were vested in full as of March&amp;#xA0;31
2012. Vesting and exercise provisions were determined by the Board
of Directors at the time of grant. Options granted vested according
to the performance feature underlying the grant. Vested options can
be exercised at any time and expire generally five to ten years
after the grant date. In the event that an option holder&amp;#x2019;s
continuous service terminates
 the option holder generally has
three months from the date of termination in which to exercise
vested options. As of March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 such management held
options to purchase 142
528 shares of common stock under the
non-plan stock option awards.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Activity of
stock options under our 2004 Plan
 non-plan option awards and
Omnibus Incentive Plan is set forth below:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=50%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&lt;br /&gt;
of&amp;#xA0;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-Average&lt;br /&gt;
Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-Average&lt;br /&gt;
Remaining&lt;br /&gt;
Contractual Life&lt;br /&gt;
(in Years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
Intrinsic&lt;br /&gt;
Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance
 March&amp;#xA0;31
2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
759
367&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9.56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;91
239&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;38.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(15
606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(631
010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance
 March&amp;#xA0;31
2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
203
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13.26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Vested and expected to
vest&amp;#x2014;March 31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;990
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;27
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercisable&amp;#x2014;March 31
2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;747
273&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7.73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;22
816&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
summarizes information about stock options outstanding at
March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options
Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 48pt&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise
Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock&amp;#xA0;Options&lt;br /&gt;
Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-Average&lt;br /&gt;
Remaining&lt;br /&gt;
Contractual Life&lt;br /&gt;
(Years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options&lt;br /&gt;
Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$4.93&amp;#x2014;5.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;167
835&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;167
835&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;6.62&amp;#x2014;6.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;253
501&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;253
501&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;7.30&amp;#x2014;7.95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;23
789&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;23
789&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;8.55&amp;#x2014;8.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;77
101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;77
101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;8.88&amp;#x2014;8.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;186
624&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;181
668&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;16.94&amp;#x2014;17.55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;154
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;43
379&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;19.00&amp;#x2014;19.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;248
976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;34.53&amp;#x2014;42.05&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;91
239&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
203
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;747
273&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair
value of stock options. The valuation model for stock compensation
expense requires the Company to make assumptions and judgments
about the variables used in the calculation including the expected
term (weighted-average period of time that the options granted are
expected to be outstanding); volatility of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
common stock
 an assumed-risk-free interest rate and the estimated
forfeitures of unvested stock options.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=5 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year Ended
March&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected term (in
years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.2&amp;#x2014;6.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected
volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;39.8%&amp;#x2014;40.8%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;41%&amp;#x2014;42%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Risk-free interest
rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.8%&amp;#x2014;1.1%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.1%&amp;#x2014;3.1%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected dividend
rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fair Value
of Common Stock&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#xA0;Under our Omnibus Incentive Plan
 the
fair value of the shares of common stock underlying the stock
options is defined as the closing price of our common stock on the
date of the grant. Prior to the IPO
 the fair value of the shares
of common stock underlying the stock options had historically been
determined by the Board of Directors. Because there had been no
public market for the Company&amp;#x2019;s common stock prior to
March&amp;#xA0;28
 2012
 the Board of Directors determined fair value
of the common stock at the time of grant of the option by
considering a number of objective and subjective factors including
valuation of comparable companies
 sales of convertible preferred
stock to unrelated third parties
 operating and financial
performance and general and industry-specific economic
outlook.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Weighted-Average Expected Term&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#xA0;The Company derived
the expected term using several factors including the ratio of
market value to the strike price
 volatility
 proximity to recent
vesting and the remaining option term. In addition
 the Company
considered behavioral factors including portfolio diversification
liquidity considerations
 risk aversion and tax planning in its
model to determine the expected term. Additionally
 the Company
considers historical experience in determining the expected
term.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Volatility&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#xA0;Since the Company has no historical
data regarding the volatility of its common stock prior to the IPO
and it has limited company-specific historical volatility
 the
expected volatility used is based upon the volatility of a group of
similar entities
 referred to as &amp;#x201C;guideline&amp;#x201D; companies.
In evaluating similarity
 the Company considered factors such as
industry
 stage of life cycle and size.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Risk-Free
Interest Rate&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#xA0;The risk-free interest rate is based upon
U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with remaining terms similar to
the expected term of the options.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Dividend
Yield&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#xA0;Although the Company in the past while it was a
privately held company declared dividends
 no future dividends are
expected to be available to benefit option holders
 and
accordingly
 the Company used an expected dividend yield of zero in
the valuation model.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Forfeitures.&lt;/i&gt; The Company is required to estimate
forfeitures at the time of grant
 and revise those estimates in
subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ or are expected to
differ from those estimates. The Company uses historical data to
estimate pre-vesting option forfeitures and record stock based
compensation expense only for those awards that are expected to
vest. To the extent actual forfeitures differ from the estimates
the difference will be recorded as a cumulative adjustment in the
period that the estimates are revised.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
estimates its forfeiture rate based on an analysis of its actual
forfeitures and will continue to evaluate the adequacy of the
forfeiture rate assumption based on actual forfeitures
 analysis of
employee turnover
 and other related factors.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The total
intrinsic value of share options exercised during the years ended
March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011 was $21.4 million
 $635
000 and
$37
000
 respectively. The intrinsic value is calculated based on
the difference between the exercise price and the fair value of the
common stock at time of exercise.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The weighted
average grant date fair value of the employee stock options granted
during the years ended March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012 was $13.93 and
$7.62 per share
 respectively. No employee stock options were
granted in fiscal 2011.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Stock-based
compensation expense included in selling
 general and
administrative expenses
 for the years ended March&amp;#xA0;31
 2012
2011 and 2010 was approximately $1.1 million
 $0.5 million and $0.4
million
 respectively. The related tax benefit for stock-based
compensation was $0.4 million
 $0.2 million and $0.1 million for
the years ended March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
summarizes the activity of unvested restricted stock units and
performance share units:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=79%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 74pt&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares-Based
Awards&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
Average&lt;br /&gt;
Grant&amp;#xA0;Date&lt;br /&gt;
Fair Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unvested at March 31
2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;65
899&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;19.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;41.66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(5
132&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;27.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unvested at March 31
2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;71
165&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21.73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;As of
March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 there were 50
973 unvested performance share
units outstanding
 net of actual forfeitures. As of March&amp;#xA0;31
2013
 the number of shares estimated to be issued at the end of the
performance period is a total of 25
493 shares
 for which the
Company recorded an expense of $130
000
 net of estimated
forfeitures during fiscal 2013. The maximum number of total shares
that could be issued at the end of performance period is 76
466
shares.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;As of
March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 there was $3.3 million of total unrecognized
compensation cost related to unvested share-based compensation
arrangements which is expected to be recognized over a weighted
average period of 3.4 years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;!-- xbrl

  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value of Financial
Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Fair value is
defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or
paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the reporting date. The
accounting guidance establishes a three-tiered hierarchy
 which
prioritizes the inputs used in the valuation methodologies in
measuring fair value:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 4%&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Level
1&amp;#x2014;Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or
liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 4%&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Level
2&amp;#x2014;Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable
 either
directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices in markets that are
not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be
corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full
term of the assets or liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 4%&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Level
3&amp;#x2014;Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no
market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the
assets or liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The
categorization of a financial instrument within the valuation
hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant
to the fair value measurement.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The carrying
amounts of the Company&amp;#x2019;s financial instruments
 including
accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued liabilities and
credit facility
 approximate fair value due to their relatively
short maturities. The carrying amount of the convertible preferred
stock warrant liability at March&amp;#xA0;31
 2012 represents its
estimated fair value (Note 9). Upon consummation of the IPO on
April&amp;#xA0;2
 2012
 prior to the automatic conversion of the
convertible preferred stock warrant into a common stock warrant
the estimated fair value was remeasured and the change in fair
value was recorded as a non-cash charge in other income (expense)
net and the related liability was reclassified to additional
paid-in capital.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;5.&amp;#xA0;Notes
Payable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Loan and Security
Agreement&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In March 2008
the Company had entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the
&amp;#x201C;Loan Agreement&amp;#x201D;) with Hercules Technology II
 L.P.
(&amp;#x201C;Hercules&amp;#x201D;). The Loan Agreement provided for a loan in
an aggregate principal amount up to $7.0 million (the &amp;#x201C;Term
Loan&amp;#x201D;) and required the Company to draw an initial tranche of
$4.0 million upon the execution of the Loan Agreement. The Loan
Agreement provided the Company the ability to draw additional Term
Loan advances in an aggregate amount up to $3.0 million in minimum
increments of $1.0 million
 of which the Company drew $2.0 million
in August 2008. In connection with the Loan Agreement
 the Company
had issued a warrant to Hercules to purchase 80
560 shares of
Series A 2005 Convertible Preferred Stock
 and incurred
approximately $215
000 for debt issuance costs. The fair value of
the warrant
 which was determined using Black-Scholes
option-pricing model upon issuance
 approximated
$431
000.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The outstanding
principal balance of the Term Loan bore interest at a rate of per
annum equal to greater of the LIBOR Rate plus 6.5% and 10% and had
an additional 2% paid-in-kind interest. Interest was payable
monthly with all principal balance payable upon maturity. The Term
Loan permitted the Company to prepay all principal balances with a
prepayment charge. In August 2010
 the Company repaid the entire
$6.0 million of the then outstanding principal balance and incurred
a prepayment charge of $60
000. The terms of the Loan Agreement
required the Company to comply with various covenants. Through
August 2010
 when the Term Loan was repaid
 the Company was in
compliance with the terms of the Loan Agreement.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Intangible
assets
 net are comprised of the following (in
thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;March&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Product formulas&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other intangible
assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total intangible
assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
212&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
212&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less: accumulated
amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(96&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Intangible assets
net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Basis of Presentation
and Consolidation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
U.S. (&amp;#x201C;U.S. GAAP&amp;#x201D;). The consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned
subsidiaries
 Annie&amp;#x2019;s Homegrown
 Inc.
 Napa Valley Kitchen
Inc. and Annie&amp;#x2019;s Enterprises
 Inc. All intercompany accounts
and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;8.&amp;#xA0;Convertible
Preferred Stock&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;
&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Immediately
prior to the closing of the IPO in April&amp;#xA0;2
 2012
 the
outstanding shares of convertible preferred stock were
automatically converted into 15
221
571 shares of common stock. No
shares of convertible preferred stock were authorized
 issued or
outstanding at March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;
&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;The convertible
preferred stock at March&amp;#xA0;31
 2012 consists of the following
(in thousands
 except shares):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=51%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;br /&gt;
Authorized&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&amp;#xA0;Issued&amp;#xA0;and&lt;br /&gt;
Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Proceeds
&amp;#xA0;Net&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
Issuance Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
Liquidation&lt;br /&gt;
Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Series&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Series A 2002 Convertible
Preferred Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
802
086&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
802
084&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;23
374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;41
418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Series A 2004 Convertible
Preferred Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
806
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
806
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;30
999&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;50
226&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Series A 2005 Convertible
Preferred Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
738
469&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
673
469&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;27
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;40
783&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total convertible preferred
stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
346
555&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
281
553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;81
373&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;132
427&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dividends&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;
&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;During the
fiscal years ended March&amp;#xA0;31
 2012 and 2011
 the convertible
preferred stockholders received cash dividends of $1.07 and $0.99
per share
 respectively
 or approximately $13.1 million and $12.2
million in the aggregate
 respectively
 as a result of
participating in the common stock dividend.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Conversion&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;
&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;The holders of
shares of convertible preferred stock had the right
 at the
election of the holders of at least a majority of such series of
preferred stock
 to convert such shares into that number of shares
of common stock equal to the applicable initial purchase price
divided by the conversion price then in effect. No fractional
shares of common stock could be issued upon such conversion.
Initially
 such conversion would have been on a 1-for-1 basis
subject to adjustment for any stock dividend
 stock split
reclassification
 recapitalization
 consolidation or similar event.
In addition
 the holders of shares of convertible preferred stock
were entitled to anti-dilution protection
 which provided that
subject to certain exceptions
 upon a subsequent dilutive issuance
of common stock for a purchase price per share of less than the
applicable conversion price then in effect
 the conversion price of
such series of preferred stock would be adjusted on a weighted
average basis. As a result
 the conversion ratio of convertible
preferred stock to common stock would be adjusted accordingly. On
March&amp;#xA0;7
 2012
 the Company declared a stock split effected as
a stock dividend of 0.239385 shares for each share of common stock.
As a result
 the conversion ratio for each series of convertible
preferred stock as of March&amp;#xA0;31
 2012 was 1-for-1.239385.
Immediately prior to the closing of the IPO
 the outstanding shares
of convertible preferred stock were automatically converted into
15
221
571 shares of common stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Treasury
Stock&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
accounts for treasury stock under the cost method
 and upon
retirement of the treasury stock
 charges the excess of the
purchase price and the par value per share of common stock entirely
to additional paid-in capital.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Product
Recall&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
establishes reserves for product recalls on a product-specific
basis when circumstances giving rise to the recall become known.
The Company
 when establishing reserves for a product recall
considers cost estimates for any fees and incentives to customers
for their effort to return the product
 freight and destruction
charges for returned products
 warehouse and inspection fees
repackaging materials
 point-of-sale materials and other costs
including costs incurred by contract manufacturers. Additionally
the Company estimates product returns from consumers and customers
across distribution channels
 utilizing third-party data and other
assumptions. These factors are updated and reevaluated each period
and the related reserves are adjusted when these factors indicate
that the recall reserves are either insufficient to cover or exceed
the estimated product recall expenses.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Significant
changes in the assumptions used to develop estimates for product
recall reserves could affect key financial information
 including
accounts receivable
 inventory
 accrued liabilities
 net sales
gross profit
 operating expenses and net income. In addition
estimating product recall reserves requires a high degree of
judgment in areas such as estimating consumer returns
 shelf and
in-stock inventory at retailers across distribution channels
 fees
and incentives to be earned by customers for their effort to return
the products
 future freight rates and consumers&amp;#x2019;
claims.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;17.&amp;#xA0;Product
Recall&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;!-- xbrl
body --&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In January
2013
 the Company announced a voluntary product recall of certified
organic and made with organic pizza products due to the possible
presence of fragments of flexible metal mesh from a faulty screen
at a third-party flour mill. The Company initiated the recall of
all lots of pizza product manufactured with this supplier&amp;#x2019;s
flour from its first purchase from the supplier in May 2012. The
Company recorded certain items associated with the recall in its
financial results for the fiscal year ended March&amp;#xA0;31
2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
recorded the estimated customer and consumer returns as a reduction
of net sales
 related costs associated with product returns
destruction charges
 inventory write-off and costs incurred by
contract manufacturers as cost of sales
 and administrative costs
associated with the recall such as legal expenses as selling
general and administrative expenses. As a result of the voluntary
product recall
 the Company recorded an estimated accrual for
product returns and recall-related costs of approximately $2.4
million for the fiscal year ended March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 as follows
(in thousands except per share amount):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
&lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Reduction of net
sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Incremental cost of
sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
080&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Incremental administrative
costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total reduction to income
before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
347&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Impact on net
income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
364&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Impact on net income per
diluted share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The accrual for
product returns is based on Company&amp;#x2019;s estimate of cases of
pizza products at retail stores and is derived from third-party
data and other assumptions. A high degree of judgment is required
in estimating consumer returns
 shelf and in-stock inventory at
retailers across distribution channels
 fees and incentives to be
earned by customers for their effort to return the products
 future
freight rates and consumers claims. Actual results could differ
from those estimates. The Company expects to incur approximately
$0.4 million of additional costs associated with the voluntary
product recall.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
carries product recall insurance and expects to recover a
substantial portion of the recall-related costs from its insurance.
The Company may seek to recover additional costs from the
third-party flour mill. The Company has submitted its claim to the
insurance company and
 as of May&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 has so far
recovered $0.4 million against the claims submitted. The impact of
this recovery from the insurance is included in net sales in the
table above.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;
&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
recorded the estimated customer and consumer returns as a reduction
of net sales
 related costs associated with product returns
destruction charges
 inventory write-off and costs incurred by
contract manufacturers as cost of sales
 and administrative costs
associated with the recall such as legal expenses as selling
general and administrative expenses. As a result of the voluntary
product recall
 the Company recorded an estimated accrual for
product returns and recall-related costs of approximately $2.4
million for the fiscal year ended March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 as follows
(in thousands except per share amount):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Reduction of net
sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Incremental cost of
sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
080&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Incremental administrative
costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total reduction to income
before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
347&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Impact on net
income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
364&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Impact on net income per
diluted share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Convertible Preferred
Stock&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;

 the
holders of the Company&amp;#x2019;s convertible preferred stock
controlled the vote of stockholders and board of directors through
appointed representatives. As a result
 the holders of the
convertible preferred stock could have forced a change of control
that would have triggered liquidation. As redemption of the
convertible preferred stock through liquidation was outside of the
Company&amp;#x2019;s control
 all shares of convertible preferred stock
have been presented outside of permanent equity on the consolidated
balance sheet as of March&amp;#xA0;31
 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Convertible Preferred
Stock Warrant Liability&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
accounted for its convertible preferred stock warrant to purchase
shares of Company&amp;#x2019;s convertible preferred stock as a
liability at fair value upon issuance
 because the warrant could
obligate the Company to transfer assets to the holder at a future
date under certain circumstances
 such as a change of control. The
warrant was subjected to remeasurement to fair value at each
balance sheet date
 and any change in fair value was recognized in
other income (expense)
 net in the consolidated statements of
operations. See &amp;#x201C;Out-of-Period Adjustment&amp;#x201D; below. The
liability was adjusted for changes in fair value until the earliest
of the exercise
 expiration of the convertible preferred stock
warrant and conversion to a warrant to purchase common stock.
Immediately prior to the closing of the IPO
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s
outstanding convertible preferred stock warrant was automatically
converted into a common stock warrant to purchase a total of 80
560
shares of common stock and the related convertible preferred stock
warrant liability was reclassified to additional paid-in
capital.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company had the
following net operating loss (&amp;#x201C;NOL&amp;#x201D;) carryforwards for
tax purposes (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;March&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
276&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
931&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
165&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
686&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
070&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;9.&amp;#xA0;Convertible
Preferred Stock Warrant&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;
&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;In March 2008
in connection with the Term Loan (Note 5)
 the Company had issued a
warrant to Hercules for the purchase of 80
560 shares of Series A
2005 Convertible Preferred Stock at an exercise price of $8.07 per
share. The fair value of the warrant
 which was determined using
Black-Scholes option-pricing model upon issuance
 approximated
$431
000 (Note 2). The warrant was immediately exercisable on the
date of issuance and was scheduled to expire at the earlier of five
years from a qualifying IPO of the Company&amp;#x2019;s common stock or
April&amp;#xA0;1
 2018. Upon the consummation of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
IPO on April&amp;#xA0;2
 2012
 the warrant became a warrant to purchase
80
560 shares of our common stock and the related convertible
preferred stock warrant liability was reclassified to additional
paid-in capital. On April&amp;#xA0;12
 2012
 Hercules exercised the
warrant to purchase 80
560 shares of our common stock by
surrendering 17
367 shares to pay for the exercise. As a result
the Company issued Hercules 63
193 shares of common
stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;
&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;As of
April&amp;#xA0;2
 2012
 the Company measured the fair value of the
outstanding convertible preferred stock warrant using an option
pricing method with several possible distribution outcomes
depending on the timing and kind of liquidity event utilizing the
following assumptions:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=85%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;April&amp;#xA0;2
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Remaining contractual life
(in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Risk-free interest
rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected
volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected dividend
rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;
&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Remaining
Contractual Life&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#xA0;The Company derived the remaining
contractual life based on the remaining term through actual
exercise on April&amp;#xA0;12
 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;
&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Risk-Free
Interest Rate&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#xA0;The risk-free interest rate was based upon
U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with remaining terms similar to
the expected term of the warrant.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;
&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Volatility&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#xA0;Since prior to the IPO
 the Company was
a private entity with no historical data regarding the volatility
of its preferred stock
 the expected volatility used was based upon
the volatility of a group of similar entities
 referred to as
&amp;#x201C;guideline&amp;#x201D; companies. In evaluating similarity
 the
Company considered factors such as industry
 stage of life cycle
and size.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;
&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Dividend
Yield.&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;Although the Company in the past declared
dividends
 no future dividends are expected to be available to
benefit warrant holder
 and
 accordingly
 the Company used an
expected dividend yield of zero in the valuation model.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;
&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;During fiscal
2012
 the Company corrected errors in the measurement of the
convertible preferred stock warrant liability through
March&amp;#xA0;31
 2011 and recorded a loss of $518
000 included in
other income (expense)
 net in the accompanying statement of
operations (Note&amp;#xA0;2).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;
&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Prior to
April&amp;#xA0;2
 2012
 the Company categorized the convertible
preferred stock warrant liability as a Level 3 financial liability
since there was no market activity for the underlying shares of the
2005 Convertible Preferred Stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;
&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following
table sets forth a summary of the changes in the fair value of the
Company&amp;#x2019;s Level 3 financial liabilities (in
thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=85%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;April&amp;#xA0;2
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Fair value at March&amp;#xA0;31
2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
157&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Change in fair value
recorded in other income (expense)
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Fair value at April&amp;#xA0;2
2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
170&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;

  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Initial Public Offering
(IPO)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;On
April&amp;#xA0;2
 2012
 the Company closed its IPO
 in which it sold
950
000 shares of common stock at an offering price of $19.00 per
share and raised $11.1 million in net proceeds after deducting
underwriting discounts and commissions of $1.3 million and other
offering expenses of $5.6 million. In addition
 certain of the
Company&amp;#x2019;s stockholders
 including funds affiliated with
Solera Capital
 LLC
 sold 4.8&amp;#xA0;million shares at the $19.00
offering price in the IPO. The Company sometimes refers to Solera
Capital
 LLC and its affiliates as Solera in this Form
10-K.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Immediately
prior to the closing of the IPO
 the outstanding shares of
convertible preferred stock were automatically converted into
15
221
571 shares of common stock
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s outstanding
convertible preferred stock warrant was automatically converted
into a common stock warrant to purchase a total of 80
560 shares of
common stock and the related convertible preferred stock warrant
liability was reclassified to additional paid-in
capital.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Pursuant to the
Company&amp;#x2019;s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
or Charter
 and its Amended and Restated Bylaws
 which became
effective upon consummation of the IPO
 the Company has authorized
35
000
000 shares of capital stock
 30
000
000 shares
 par value
$0.001 per share
 of which are common stock and 5
000
000 shares
par value $0.001 per share
 of which are preferred stock. As of
March&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 16
849
016 shares of common stock were issued
and outstanding and no shares of preferred stock were issued and
outstanding.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Out-of-Period
Adjustment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;During fiscal
2012
 the Company corrected an error in the measurement of the
convertible preferred stock warrant liability. The correction
increased the fair value of the convertible preferred stock warrant
liability by $949
000
 decreased additional paid-in capital by
$431
000 with a corresponding increase in expense of $518
000
which was recorded in other income (expense)
 net in the
accompanying statement of operations during fiscal 2012. The
correction was an accumulation of an error that should have been
recorded in prior periods and would have increased net loss for
fiscal 2009 by $44
000
 increased net income by $79
000 for fiscal
2010 and decreased net income by $553
000 for fiscal 2011.
Management assessed the impact of this error and does not believe
that it is material
 either individually or in the aggregate
 to
any prior period financial statements or to the financial
statements for the year ended March&amp;#xA0;31
 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Sales Recognition and
Sales Incentives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Sales of the
Company&amp;#x2019;s products are recognized when persuasive evidence of
an arrangement exists
 the price is fixed or determinable
ownership and risk of loss have been transferred to the customer
either upon delivery or pick up of products by the customer and
there is a reasonable assurance of collection of the sales
proceeds. Generally
 the Company extends uncollateralized credit to
its retailers and distributors ranging up to 30 days and performs
ongoing credit evaluation of its customers. The payment terms are
typically net-30 with a discount for net-10 payment. The Company
recognizes sales net of estimated trade allowances
 slotting fees
sales incentives
 cash discounts
 returns and coupons. The cost of
these trade allowances
 slotting fees and sales incentives is
estimated using a number of factors
 including estimated units
sold
 customer participation and redemption rates. The Company has
entered into contracts with some retailers granting an allowance
for spoils and damaged products. Amounts related to shipping and
handling that are billed to customers are reflected in net sales
and the related shipping and handling costs are reflected in
selling
 general and administrative expenses.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;
&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;As of
April&amp;#xA0;2
 2012
 the Company measured the fair value of the
outstanding convertible preferred stock warrant using an option
pricing method with several possible distribution outcomes
depending on the timing and kind of liquidity event utilizing the
following assumptions:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=85%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;April&amp;#xA0;2
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Remaining contractual life
(in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Risk-free interest
rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected
volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected dividend
rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px; text-indent:4%&gt;
&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following
table sets forth a summary of the changes in the fair value of the
Company&amp;#x2019;s Level 3 financial liabilities (in
thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=85%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;April&amp;#xA0;2
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Fair value at March&amp;#xA0;31
2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
157&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Change in fair value
recorded in other income (expense)
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Fair value at April&amp;#xA0;2
2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
170&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The useful
lives of the property and equipment are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td width=51%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=47%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Equipment and
automotive&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3 to 7 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Software&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3 to 7 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Plates and dies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Leasehold
improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Shorter of lease term or estimated useful life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Secondary Public
Offerings&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;On
August&amp;#xA0;6
 2012
 the Company closed a secondary public
offering
 in which certain stockholders
 including Solera
 sold
3
649
976 shares of common stock at an offering price of $39.25 per
share. The Company did not receive any proceeds from the sale of
shares by the selling stockholders. The offering expenses incurred
by the Company were $0.7 million
 including legal
 accounting and
printing costs and various other fees associated with the
registration and sale of common stock sold in the secondary public
offering.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;On
March&amp;#xA0;18
 2013
 the Company closed another secondary public
offering in which Solera sold 3
500
000 shares of common stock at
an offering price of $40.00 per share. The Company did not receive
any proceeds from the sale of shares by Solera. The offering
expenses incurred by the Company were $0.5 million
 including
legal
 accounting and printing costs and various other fees
associated with the registration and sale of common stock sold in
the secondary public offering. The Company
 concurrently with the
closing of the secondary public offering
 repurchased and retired
500
000 shares of its common stock from Solera in a private
non-underwritten transaction at a price of $38.25 per share. The
price paid by the Company was equal to the price paid by the
underwriters in the secondary public offering.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  

  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      



    


    




        


        




    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    





 two customers represented 36% and 26%
 respectively
 of accounts receivable. The same two customers represented 45% and 21%
 respectively
 of accounts receivable in fiscal 2012. In fiscal 2013























  xmlns:xbrli=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance
  xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:us-gaap=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2012-01-31
  xmlns:us-types=http://fasb.org/us-types/2012-01-31
  xmlns:bnny=http://www.annies.com/20130331
  xmlns:nonnum=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/non-numeric
  xmlns:num=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt
  xmlns:country=http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2012-01-31
  xmlns:dei=http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2012-01-31
  xmlns:invest=http://xbrl.sec.gov/invest/2012-01-31
  targetNamespace=http://www.annies.com/20130331




        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        






























































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink


















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt

























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink





    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    




    




    






    






    







 shares

    
    


    

 $0.001 par value-30
000
000 and 24
000
000 shares authorized at March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively; 16
849
016 and 483
242 shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2013 and 2012



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    

 Allocation of Recognized Period Costs



    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    

 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis



    

 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis



    






    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    



 Amortization Expense

    

 next five years



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    






    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    






    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    

 general and administrative



    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    




    






    




    
    


    

 $0.001 par value-5
000
000 shares authorized
 none issued and outstanding at March 31
 2013; None authorized
 issued and outstanding outstanding at March 31



    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    

 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    


    




    






    
    


    

 Plant and Equipment



    

 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    
    


    




    
    


    




    
    
    


    


    


    

 Goods



    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Allocation of Recognized Period Costs



    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    




    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    




    




    




    








    






    




    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    




    
    
    


    




    




    
    




    
    




    




    




    
    
    


    




    
    




    




    




    


    






    
    


    




    
    


    




    




    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    

 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans



    




    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    

 $0.001 par value-None authorized
 issued and outstanding at March 31
 2013; 12
346
555 shares authorized
 12
281
553
 shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2012 (aggregate liquidation value $132
427 at March 31



    


    


    




    


    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    





















  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink

































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 g519003g65a20.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@$`8`!@``#_[0RX4&AO=&]S:&]P(#
N
``X0DE-`^T`
M`````!``8`````$``0!@`````0`!.$))300-```````$````'CA24T$&0``
M````!````!XX0DE-`_,```````D```````````$`.$))300*```````!```X
M0DE-)Q````````H``0`````````.$))30/U``````!(`]F9@`!`&QF9@`&
M```````!`]F9@`!`*&9F@`&```````!`#(````!`%H````&```````!`#4`
M```!`T````&```````!.$))30/X``````!P``#_____________________
M________`^@`````_____________________________P/H`````/______
M______________________\#Z`````#_____________________________
M`^@``#A24T$```````$`````$```)````0``````X0DE-!!X```````0`

M`&$`
@`P`````0`````````````````````````!``````````````)0```!
MCP`````````````````````````````````````````````X0DE-!!$`````


$0L*Q$5#PP,#Q48$Q,5$Q,8$0P,#`P,
M#!$,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,`0T+PT.#1`.#A`4#@X.
M%!0.#@X.%!$
#`P
#!$1#`P
#`P
$0P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
M#`P

M@L0``$$`0,!`(%!P8(!0



A

D


!``(1


M`())2?[+3^ZW_-;_`.12^RT_NM_S6_\`D4N]U+W49;W-#!7D.+0VP$;H
?
RP,&YT[7#U=[O2^S[?9_@\A_PC_EJY

MC^SX_P#HF?YH4;




MMJ8Q@8P!K1IH!PBL;6`?3``[PF]:OP=_F._\BG#]S262.`X%NOS2F:2#4_



GZEK]N[\SZ'6S'D!F+E-]3:UTN=[8#HDF[^5LWU?^DUII)*<IK:2UQ^RY

W`M+!ZM[C:YP=

M66N=L!#2?=.V/IJ-^`;`X5VNJ]0!A+=RNTLQ=NWT+-?YW_`-1IOL+][WB[



M`!H``DI=))))2E&S^;=\#^124;/YMWP/Y$E/_]/T5WVRK]&Q[2&:-:?`;=NO
M_5J;?MAVCU629W-G7C\WV_O?22R?I6?SD?A]%OT/SMO_`*

24LUU[K74FP[@';7#;&D;=WYWYWO40_)-#[`_
MWLB)V[2!]/\`E?O^FE3/V]_/YWA'YBC3/V:[CZ(YB..Z2F;G9'ILL9802'!


M

`
M:`!O`'``(``V`X`,`````$`.$))300&```````'``@``0`!`0#_[@`.061O
M8F4`9$`````!_]L`A``!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`@(`@(`@(`@(#`P
#`P
#`P
#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$
M`@$`@
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#
M`P
#`P
#`P/_P``1`&/`E`#`1$``A$!`Q$!_]T`!`!*_\0`IP`!``(`P$!

M$5$$B$Q84%QD3)2@:$B0O#A`Q.Q8O_:``P#`0`$0

MVJI1**JBSU('J+$+'5U6$*A*ERH2I4`1YX@*@!V/80:U\FM?DSIEEE&4Q$L8
MXQ































M/VM:?.



:Y?&3;&YXJN-O?A6?M:



M\57&WOPK/VM:?.


3TE*^13`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8
M#`8%9^2O[@?ZF*J_7V:Q_;R2?#S?_]'VO\-OX7Z6_8U-^F+
UG[I9Q]L+
YE
MI4_DKQXL&]W&M5

@I%3R*C


M&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P
M&`P&`P*S\E?W`_U
55^OLUC^WDD^'F__TO:_PV_A?I;]C4WZ8LS6?NEG'VPL

MP&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`
MP&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&!6?DK^X'^IBJOU]FL?V\DGP\W__T_:_PV_A?I;]C4WZ

MP&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P

M^IT@*UO0NR3$[
!HU09U$Y(C`:&
.Q@UNQ$STA)F(ZRSW(I@
!@
!@
!@
!@
M
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@5GY*_N!_J8JK
M]?9K']O))\/-_]3VO\-OX7Z6_8U-^F+
UG[I9Q]L+
YEHP&`P&`P&!`'*#_A

!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@8;/;!A=
M81I?+Y[(FZ
QYN#TJ'!P
%KM#!:WLM(B2DA-6.*\_8=Z*3IRS#C-_($.]Y8B
M9FD)
Q'
O




?


MK3D




[.5:=












O



9QK






M^-Y_GU/RM!Z5Y2_4.@/BS8OW*X_&\_SZGY6@]*\I?J'0'Q9L7[E


M@DH&S#3CC3*7`LHL`=B$(6]:UK73O'XWG^?4_+LKU4_+RP+IETKA,$9J#6/
MD6/,$RT[!1IY.WD=0E\B1NZ=


M6@]*\I?J'0'Q9L7[E
M5:#KR4L#:\UM&$(DXQ=/:#VJT(&OR!%^3)-/96*^-$KY%,!@,!@,!@,!@,!
M@,!@,!@,!@,!@,!@,!@5GY*_N!_J8JK]?9K']O))\/-__];VO\-OX7Z6_8U-
M^F+,UG[I9Q]L+,YEI@TLKM9ZH2*YS7D&FBM`2-
A52R)
$B4(DYH^U
(2'O


M/IK7DO9C8)R*6MND97DYH3=#)[('4WKJZZ`[Y%(8VO+W(VZ(QA!(9,4$B2/
MJ)@:DKS(0A$)+VZ$)UKJ4$(=:T$\9FM:UK`XI]=U^I
BAJF#0Y0;`RB(
M,8?&64TR&$I@)TQ


8U8A`T6G
D3@1T*=':'^8-O2N`=B_-WT;


M#'VM7&)EHMX
KR4+VT*E:24`(4L@$PO*]D

M3A



2-AN]F;$`L8TL

8Z366
IRFE8I

KRU2-H;


M0-R=3'5R=`Z$DNY`FYP5H50B4SFR&=4:O:52C(J+`HU_G`+,[3,3Q6'*DQS
M1Z0Z:NVO+XB)$PKUXTO2_P42ZM2K0$S['7`8-C$V/K=HTT214'JBZ@PB
3G
MA#L9)A@.@6_/
3C-)=XF)BL

O*\#279$.;G=4^F1YI9
MWJ2

M5
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@





N13`^1@`:`99@`F%F!$
M`PL8=#`

[Y=`

@?&].XI2'-N-[5&L+*4`&
M$)Q6]B#O_`90QEBT(`Q!W8F8Z2DQ$]64ZUK6M:UK6M:UK6M:UT:UK7R:UK6O
MDUK6LBO[@

MD(323-?D$'HWH0=B#NQ

!@
!@




MSI_R_P#K[

DS<WI]B-:YKSN@H@D'YQA@M:^3
WM[2
MA2-C4A1MC:@(+2H6]O3$HD*-
2'0DZ1(F`60G(*!KH``=!#KY-:P.9@
!@
M
!@
!@
!@
!@

)T1?KF/L1!2+PJ%(3

MZZ==&];WSF)B:2Z1
3%89OD4P


M_P`\_BFT78W;'XH_$*M&9K5
D]
MZ22%M1N



PXH6PBZXX1C



84'0G).`8LZ0E#$5TFY)SI%6HB9FE5PIW^'Q&:J8$#Y'

ME('=.V^2L2TLL9Z=:$TA9KJD@#LX96M]

M`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8%9^2O[@?ZF*J_7V:Q_;R2?#S?_]'VO\-OX7Z6
M_8U-^F+
UG[I9Q]L+
YEI7RWN0S/4$VIZ$.

H;6YT=
M@$&&[\F7C1BA6G.*&V78-?Q9-6]CQR#W2_6C%Z&N)_
@FX3;[[4)3^NDZ5B:

MB/6_R'F

':*4

NB

MAZVS.MU]=7JB88[32I
TBJALB_%/N:+-M7O#AQD:%Z.?E)#7-.V3I\&KBYBI

MFXDP?9%FKY&SIQF=78NS`-0L+(?5#O?1K?3T:SE2;-UBZB/-GG0MXZQB.
ME-,$.NIZE4D7-#HVH)$:Y^A$1MVJ)5FD1;:]4':Q4
)8!&[`#Y-ZUUM[^36

ML`KW'4+AY00
6@^5:UT:!TZWK-_\HYI/+

M;O(BD+08;M`Y2-R+3!WLLS97:=M(74DX(E)H=[+:6\[L21[/
V:=./\`./\`
5%#<

BZA\*+2PP$;1J4.DZ0PO:7

WUSCD6E`#2B$:8`SC




M-8R`':&UIMZ



)GF9;


HSC^V$L-6B)2H


MX'^IBJOU]FL?V\DGP\W_TO:_PV_A?I;]C4WZ8LS6?NEG'VPLSF6E(^8
3Y#S






=N/]Y+&Y4E9(6YMKN:0

M]&S-!


MJ\



M!Y*(.Q[ZY0AIQR\)2
L?&$D*Y'PX3Z%LF(V.OZN@[UI)*)X#8]BWK6]!\NL1

.XQGBL\L3E'A##'R_:FK?


^3
M74-_.W^3?5W\MUHG
LTKV;5!Y$?+BPQ&`R26#



M.`*U:6D1K4J5


MDPVHE04SJA%5IA=L7U^TWLPO01UH6_DYY?Z37\9X;QPBG

L0VZ4K6)Y31M]5/C\ITSOJAM/)9W`20UQ&WJBF]Q$6=LLXDT`^KL(PB#O
MJYF/]

M7108(OLB2T8NU[7I+Z0%G;*Z_P#3&G5STRJ@YO=6GCE)C(!ROH^5.\95O3H9
@ZWO:





!@
!@
!@0!R@_
MX3D_^LU]_P!D1'-8^Y
NB?\`



M-3*TBDD8@&%F!$`8=[UO6];P-4=Y?A\RF*[6S/AW(4;$
&SE:_C]-U1RNM7;





M)U)K(@%#X2AT+HT6-R7

M'_D'4K@.-WCQRMA7
E)=[3@IR$'SZ(HF1Q*T%&A.E+8^N2%PD92G/TLT2;


RJKVZ1
M&^F8LT%1M4Y.I#XUKG`TER


(0OEE\EI5KMBS#O6&TVTWRDDH98PHS]-D.;-;3:V7^4.@FZZ=[T/6]:W



M'G)@3S-2TJW\+C(WV15'LA2\EN$4-[7+1I0DEN1VMZ+V'0NM\O3T:R3E.5*
MK$1'18_,J8#`8#`8#`8'2R&-Q^6LRZ/2AE:YQ.9.R%[0\H4[BWJRM[UO03T

9X
MQ%BT)/OL
Z:8TI1C?*M:MB5-\#]STYGN+E3+9)9$QD+:WO1D



D9:4+
0O:+N^F(2LN0F*691I2O-

M9N;D1&M[%HE(B1EDIDQ6AWOJ@'73O.#J[#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#

R&?R?J@DAH=Z_P`SK]@$
M[I4Z*TJWVV:VG77P9UBM?%9G
M&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&
M`P&`P&`P&`P&`P*S\E?W`_U
55^OLUC^WDD^'F__U?:_PV_A?I;]C4WZ8LS6

M&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P
M&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&!6?DK^X'^IBJOU]FL?V\DGP\W__UO:_PV_A

\7A
MBOB9&*\F
)AZF=T7=
E/B[O


V57?%T5H?6(&6&-LZTI@






ML_)7]P/]3%5?K[-8_MY)/AYO_]?VO\-OX7Z6_8U-^F+
UG[I9Q]L+
YEHP*I


M71/^94P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`
MP&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P*S\E?W`_U
55^OLUC^WD
MD^'F_]#VO\-OX7Z6_8U-^F+
UG[I9Q]L+
YEHP&`P&`P&!`'*#_A.3_ZS7W_

!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
M
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@5GY*_N!_J
M8JK]?9K']O))\/-__]'VO\-OX7Z6_8U-^F+
UG[I9Q]L+
YEHP&`P&`P&!`'

!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
M
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@



+
MUCA
SSQ#


MU




ME



M:G5!+VK`+(U


B7IS26\]T$C)6F$FA($9L

GDI*!6V
[XZ@3JBV

TINRP'H'LE4K=527900]H0H3`V
`
B3A$].J083^'YQKC<79V:10DJ</R1*'3O*GAR?D:QX7C
MWL:A1IV/9@2:&+J$$`#O99(0Z$
P?6
%)_P!


ME/65C&(Z0G/
J@SDM5LBN^B;)IV-24J'J;080P1ZD8M+-*6Z#2AP1




MJ(1=:](_&0)Q.!)[-(XI-VT)K,N.THC(=G@CJ;N$,(KU?RP_PSGZ75NH:
MF&SV*,6@3RMY'W,BF.HZO6MKM2W)GD(ZW%.Z2D:,#@D6'$[(&RK2E)8]EADD
M90']3R?M2Q*&R^#=1J=#RJEW)'_X#:B2T#7]+%@`U`#)R?5PK&FRT\]Z[/K
MF
S@8I`!3Z'\AR/KU\@.BI7BBPF$
!@
!@
!@5GY*_N!_J8JK]?9K']O))
M\/-__]/VO\-OX7Z6_8U-^F+
UG[I9Q]L+






M+:
[6
M[/YDGGX75O\`1N*X_$I-SW:W9_


M$I-SW:W9_

[6[/YD
MGGX75O\`1N*X_$I-SW:W9_


M2=C2RRX&!%ZUI79

M
H5Q+8K?PQ=G5.@6@ER4$*R6\2\Q/HO9XB3NQT+8^S'T=398BLT5S!SK`_PN


M)AE[77SJK
$XIW1+.WUSNK!#-1A2@*EB4R!HD%8WHD0U2Y$L)4$`
)
C4N3*E@3VL
M)1/YZ\E*2QK#@$+Q)S1A!L4E%\RYVU!54FB47M18G9E5B<@[$H.$K(6I=9ZB
M(75U73I83J^3_94=8E414:`U:;#6U&4\G$KUZ,03#4@EBE*2FYKY'T8]6:H
MIQJLV


M.EJ*1N\*IB1.Z)2

MGO

XQFD)#.DLJ15`POQNFLE7(B+8G5?

!@
!@
!@0!R@_X3D_^LU]_P!D1'-8^Y
N
MB?\`
J8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`


0Z!?B7/2$BM=

M4
ZM

M1'1;/


MIJ+CI
J=A


MPT%K4Z=.N1A4$K`IQ)VE'4A%$BJ?E])Y_3U_.1?'$-FU.VHHAJI%*K13UX
)
M;I`4DUV6]Z%H$6J'+]X9VG%Z*@VHF
2J80?C-PNXQ:0M
9D$IVXR:KN3E
R


S
M:$NU=.TJA7.RR^5S.Q2ETDK''WF)671-LT2KC#D^M




J2[TC2KVI+(K+:!^2$JPB
(4_KV?RET`@<%30X.41J^P

M&866
0-:V((=[WK595RY*_N!_J8JK]?9K']O))\/-__6]K_#;^%^EOV-3?IB


700



S6?MY
M%OI7&N5I*Q

1;Z5QKE
1;

S6?MY%OI7&N5I*Q<]]5.=[-9^WD6^E<:Y6DK%SWU
S6?MY%OI7&N5I*Q<]]5.=[-9^WD6^E<:Y6D

S6?MY%OI7&N5I*Q<]]5.=[-9^
S6?MY%OI7&N5I*Q<]]5.

S6?MY%OI7&


M).M..C0+E@116M](A:#T!U^7%)CKUB[-
@8&
*IM#$2@Y&MET82*TQ@R





_


S6S4
MRLE0(42W+^25'0
TM*=Z=FX@\XQ&
MU(E<:331*6Z/P2-QYN<U$+6$O($)RHT30:!;HKR86C=D0I)^;U/*80GEE/2
MF
VJK#;?$^OW)G2.2UI4)HMRDY%UU1C%8B
M8VZ5NT6&DF*YQ9W!.48UO1K4

MG8#8@;ELW!6I2P03]A3H3EVRQ&C+*[40HK&'GPYL9%OQB?4B:S7+65H4'3S+



S65I43Y=HXDLP4]'


CDM/;$);(QBV
M

MV



R2QX(]0WE$9


M7%#D$F


MF.2LW6D6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ
M^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ
M^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ
M^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ
M^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ
M^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ
M^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ
M^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ
M^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ
M^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ
M^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ
M^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ
M^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ^8XK-RD6/=Q7GU#AGLNQ



P8KS?WM/2F[?MGDHJOF!22&
M6Y=U6+N/ZPKB;3O'**O


I



M&NZB




H8%-



M$??)S'V8=M-DB4-S(R
:M&^62W+9`D.3EZ

`C*DS6BV&$
!@5G
MY*_N!_J8JK]?9K']O))\/-__T?:_PV_A?I;]C4WZ8LS6?NEG'VPLSF6C`8#`

M`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&
M`P&`P&`P&!6?DK^X'^IBJOU]FL?V\DGP\W__TO:_PV_A?I;]C4WZ8LS6?NEG

M`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&
M`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&!6?DK^X'^IBJOU]FL?V\DGP\W__T_:_PV_A?I;]

M`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&
M`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&!6?DK^X'^IBJOU]FL?V\DGP\W__




ZF]@[
6\:5Z\LY5ITX2




K/X_.W






M+N




K/X_.WW(8IC






K/








=V.UU\O7@


MP&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P*S\E?W`_U
55^OLUC^WDD^'F__]7VO\-OX7Z6_8U-
M^F+
UG[I9Q]L+


M)W)V^#QE%(9JA7):BEKTF:RG*2)%@@:V:6L-.`9O6NMK?1@?BXTI33PL@S
MB[5)63HX5@G1)*U7.
BJY97B5M\D]')H,I4M1IT23H/1Y'8@03A*[`OJZU
MU`]`=ANJJO%/@VL*MX%NT0(?1@+)W#X]N?!;=I!(-MX9CMN]8@H?(1;)[+2G
ML^RWL'1U?DP

M&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P
M&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P*S\E?W`_U
55^OLUC^WDD^'F__UO:_PV_A?I;]C4WZ

MP&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`
MP&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&!6?DK^X'^IBJOU]FL?V\DGP\W__U_:_

M+HG_`#*F`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`
MP&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&!6?DK^X'^IBJOU]FL?V

M??\`9$1S6/N3+HG_`#*F`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`
MP&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&!6?DK^X
M'^IBJOU]FL?V\DGP\W__T?:_PV_A?I;]C4WZ8LS6?NEG'VPLSF6C`8#`PBQ(


/LN

M\TVC*8Y%3DK;*652X*1QL

\L0F?'8P



T9WX=(M]?[_\`[AKC^V6-




M7O+!(YQW7BF=B`D

M`/
T-]K!M(&C;2<9Z-



T

!`9P.`3N_#IV'R44*)
M,Y#6IHLV6A95NXX69MUFQ37H`WC1.M^4BGZ-_YF]`Z=XC+F*Q%/(G'B:3-6


Z3.K
MK:


MCK*O_M!V+$9=:Q'H3C:99WX=(M]?[_\`[AKC^V6-IM'I!KWD\.D6^O\`?_\`


M!
4\EIU*E.C3GJU9Y*5(E)-4JE2DT!=,G(`(T\\\\T02R222P[$(0MZ$.M


M*CU0I$:;$PC]QI6WO3R-Z$
AQ1@0@TK+%/&$O\?.0L+OV&QEW87%(.5J:OJ*



O0M2%:
MZ.BU(VMC:D4KW%Q7J24:%`A1DC4*UJU6H&6G2I$J<L1AAA@@@``.QWK6M[P

M6.$LK24D





$?:PK7$]
F$XOCZY)T2
C0NU4

MFCI*U
V-@3K#R3GAXTRLRQ9Y



Z)P*VYP+0NZ-`XDIUR0T!I6S20;&4
M(]:V$6M[(^W*3LB!W0Q;TW'BYH^
[X]1F*.3ZD;G=_0QT380\+T*#H5.JAG9


M1)'1O2.*]

M'*%SR.SV'5S



8


2FBOWUFJZ+

SV4

MWCD?CK[
86M;7W:YS:61L;RHTB)7K0$]@O4Z+/A
+]81`-L'S2RX\KA5$6JQ

M



TH*+!
1UAL6PBNEPFS2SHR&
M45;K?M(K41:Z+#@OJQ
K&K:-







'IW5+WEX4DHTY-

M27#+@K*V+':8NA%2[N]V
@3/6T
L8:NG6WV`D29(0B*5NR8Y\=DRUO9Q$$&J

HQ%.'YJIQ8

M:B2*%P**IMIVQI3*%S@I..

0K7B=#R3.(?(:.+[$FE66]')



M:







M4M-

]7(;BJ^_)BC+@
X/QRT#:.
M*.;86)8:E5D`*$7F$(UY05Q6`.U.%W(EM#=G^MWN%'1X+/6SR.W98P&)RA




MSQT;
U*E.C3GJU9Y*5(E)-4JE2DT!=,G(`(T\\\\T02R222P[$(0MZ$.M[
MWOHRLM?W(VCJ%Y(W2R$38Q3E76%9(9S5UMUVD7NKUQR[*0KA

MRP+G$\LL0AE(41YXM:*)
$$BD?(*DJ.Y%VW


*N43.0-
7CB`YN3KGQ\6D-
MS6C.=W-&S-H%2U2

M

;C7!N;CSE\&D;H%V
M+/1JAJB3(U$^$]%L:9I
PE(]/[XR
M01M?74TAF<Y(WII!M,^/K8VMFG<TH)0=1ITV5*^$3PL9))A$H:0V*IA*8Y%



26H4]KY
0
T`#E'8AT
[LAT
WL@;Z1=76^KKY=X1I\D=

0QY%6RZ4+S


99EAE]-H


!@
!@


MQBL[C;Q\O%=%+:=+6*E$9EM&/EJSYQ9(W&7Q
]KSAMX1LQ!);*L6-\6O$2V[
M4G4#+2$#)A+.]2&4J5
AE\TE
QEI[:=)II.K!E#M-)M+7H+(V
C`B5OTF?%)





////
`42024#9AIQQ





?(*/3&)RF;-4YC]B
MHFLB8C&#F1H4&-5C-4+M1$^V7*I1*6]GB$83-*U5(7HPPD6R$JPXDM+J'5









M:/(9.Z'S2OZGL^LKABQIE5\F*_9A
[J1QUM=?&5\)FCNG=0[:2'
12]






]`<AX.N8#7N3PFT72

M3IR/0'!%&N(;)^

O:R1M3^^-01H1R(3\O






MLH;)M

0H$G+
$+L@EE
M]4L%91Q;5UUG%:Z?GE645:R-;+4]
%P&#J8Q(WJ8V/)7HF%@JLM
ZO;5&TC\

_2

0^4QJ



)A9QJ:6IB;4+







OA1

MHABR3.*5E6'!2FN01*#QN0UV\$SW7+EB:3+(M)4D+=&ECF*J/O*:)O3^TJ'Y
MB9Y

JMY:6]T$4:I2%+$ABDD`BPG%;%H82//TI4_B(6:^*%I

MV`

EZ%





5*SC-B9JL'+&#UKBTEB_I
MI_C?K(P/+!ZQ1-Q]#RE@]
-REN]-1IW[%1Z*?VKRCMT:GLS.P4E@'U1=7HV1





M0%2\I(;ZLWS00[+9/5VN9FRH[(A+NT


0E)T`@@HL-8K
]4L8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8


-J-+W?=*GQ&X*T4;1R-C:PS^'OZI^J^0

M85'$

1


H
M#UIK8Q)'-V7/)K6S%+E*L38QHE;B8!@($!$VI-%I4A1*4DDD`9S@,#X46$
M9A@2P!

M!S-0KTBM`N5


M$31GK*W&M#

K9Q^R$

UN/7L;TE+6MRL

!@
!@
!@
#%%T%ACG
(_
M83A%F%;.HHSOT?C4O4M:0V1
3'*36I1(VAK=QE;6HVY[/8D8U)(!Z`:)
7L6
MM[#K`RO`8'P(LL8BQ#+`
1(]F$B$$(A%&;+

M-[P/O`8#`8#`8#`8&!5O5\!J&.&P^M(RAAT5&_2.2DQQI&J`RMSK+7I;(G_;
M*VGJ#DC$W+7MQ/4!0H@$(4XS1:))+#OHP
]P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P
M&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P*S\E?W`_U
55^OLUC^WDD^'F__]#VO\-OX7Z6_8U-^F+
MUG[I9Q]L+
YEHP&!^*E.0L3GI%10#TRHDU.H(




M]RD/JDA)W/9B(Q3)](53F*/E@!*Q],!;D1QXD^^@T)18A;UK6NG&^5S6+,A
M\'G'+N[_`-W3K[3XWRN:Q9Q$'$OC(ZH43HUP=(Y-CDD3+VYQ03::+$*]L)`







+#++`U(=P=
MA=I_



+%H0=[UO6\;Y7-8L


=9&-?
'






MRI3H4^;@1LV8F+HD6*7A-?DA

MM'0RVM&Z
SR


M'5D)G4R


P:;M`[*1J#






MCK

*.)-+E`@&%&`%K81:WO6];Z=8WRN:Q9%\RJ


M!-+(

#OJ`$+3?*YK%DI%\0.-QQ99Q-?`-*-`$PHTN83D99A8PZ$`PL891L(

3A7';B+8S`5*8/%T4D





MBL]AL0:UVTQC5+(C(D
MDS\V&[$46O9GUJ.-D;@U.8X@X)Q!P=&%&`%H0=[
MUO6\;Y3XFL6?_]3V2W-PT9+?GD_GOKHMASA8U$650DE#'6;9)C_&[CC?'42


Q$DE!UBA)-K'
SR@TQ00)

M


8L#\+.-3M

#5R=2P



?6
*74G5MH-G


\.]ZL$2C*FSGMN1K9U%&:)TC4M
$
M-K2X:5E]JWJ?=.2^;)UL@.G1P/$+8]!*ZM2O1'T@_#$8Y`;.C#KD?DQ
XD]B







M!6FKQXAS2BB
G01.D7^EHTW2%E=S2W$;:5)UCUL]2!2,QRT0#6@)B=$E%V
M[++R#B4YJ'BTW^(W5
HZ^672+-21;_($QT_D

MPW)`04/18$)04PR1:$1O1E2O9::%QP$/AT3B)9J(XN+1EACA9S:SM\=;S0
C


B






MS2SJ@2J15_.8;/H:

M!


M:Z.1]




M@W+*=ETJ-?[!0NT5
AU90^$R6+.=BQ^WB4=:
\=;-DS1*)6N:G-DFBYI-7+
MVU(2E3)^@E*5UB`;WD69JENM^)[K7:OCPE)M43Q#J`%9+@DBBV`,@_6.3V$


D;<(A$%(G/2*XU7LR&!\&VO8SQTB[-9
N
M5-_'::1F5LJ)S8H8G8B*1PH
WHD\9)=$['&'%R8[$4&N:Y$3H2]Q(`H$4$



)OB4*YT\2B0PN=!9[(BC5

MPAAM83$NP&FP+%42@+8T%G%!?E;9%UKTTR6?OQ2U='FU208J8RFJ:IH\G:Q*
MME%1M@;40S#=D:.V*NQI?B@XTZ/C



MT:%$C

M:
O0#0!L0=AK3F'X9;3*TL01%WG-&9%&C9,L7-R*/-&F]^7S6QKELV3[5@)
M6I5HFH]]N`0$B-0H6%IV=(/I






M*R







1CK?7C?%CGE7(CY!VYHC'






L-@(+5Y%

M@AL



YBR-8S

Y0SUIL5(M(&3@O9!)9JE0DW#
M`K]JR@[-
(T

M'7=$C'9+P.
%1%J9DTWD)ZR.:/*`8P/TB+510MI!V*$E*
E3HDW8=B

D&B;M$$P_9P2-&$A&W(9KO-ZF+W8-
OMX1^.'0
MNJAKF5RU:@8F_N


MO@'-T2]'73I]HEFCC@A!L@WI[



M9K]?%W=S&Z

-4B)(../2IZDTXHMSA%(+BDT];'KDX@CK
M[?83TM.P-^K8N*U9)WQE26`B+GQ#E%H

F(V=.XZ5-),GCT4DKJ@8
M$<+&X*!FA,0@$86$&S#-[2
L*J+WVV!RZOU;6Y7S*B(Y?\`)VEQC+U![?@I
M4LA

ADQ
MT^1S^`39H@$TE@X%*HJ7'9.&0Q2-L#=8FK.GD:]Q<'-F!IN8B$:8X)3[V@H


M-IQ3&H9RDCHV%);`B41D&E8'-NVN4^0%J8P5MQ`0TG;`2H&I/@M7A%+AD-



ME
N

YW
$ZUM4/;(

MA7Q=I$U!(&^'A0ECKJTDJN*0QP4\7E+DK2-#?&@J#'#:==-P&@8NUGR;;FX%







M'H18

TA3+3.T$F
U%BC'


MD3R%E1!='U;$E:5$KBZMW7:

CP/2UT;M@

DZ

3TE-R;EFK\C?8.GV.[4=V)6X:

1AFC2SC:C_




M1B++T

K
MDKK75F

MF50[-%SYBBE2B1
:$J.*E^V2

TD=B'U(4C4F&!4[(%

!P2)-



4=IK2!W7B*4Z($Q19K(=NVTU-211O?D3`B?5;O(T$;3#?7\Z(
MPYF/7(G-<4YS27IV&4G1EF4C;-($QX6Y7V[PN1).J#2CM2RQ%5;:QY]5Y:%6
MVE=#;'W5J@U?5?+;8:FQX_-E@RR+U^4_D398D8'6*-L4-2
\@CI[;VS5('O

MKNXE3\86'N5B5AWR//%L/C1,V9+;132O:DC$EIQY0.-B5\R)Y&MG$=4+V\
M
;)C9^RUZ[1@A$2K6O=R+;YXM=66G8U7FU_Z150)$P&@=U

MJ!-

MA-YY++BB\O@T5C!=5RIEBB=[A]A.\[;7]R=HTAF*EO5!?*VK=6S/#)&YSGJ
MBRW)%VKEL@M6
U





MJI*A4.BE
D4J$[8D
1DJG$\DD9A*%

#HL`CSBB0B%K8QA#TBT%

9F=N02?SN*0T!3;!G5TD#

M=*E\H)VO1;2MRT0E9:


Q

MV(?9B8Z)CPBL\[O][BMC&U6TUV4[2UZ=*]9JX&\3`E@8IDLF

M/RE;$VN+1JC7T6C#4BE0N6$A)`06`PD\TM.Z%Z@_$#@5KQ6WY_J(O$;AM45%



M1




GBCT1-YCMR


MH5L\
97A9!EUCN)



M0;5*6*H8*N='
M;'S8RSB/+0$M9I'D:89P2@@`
S6QRQYYKOBX[NS\Q/#351


F*\0Y4UI69%[EWMFD`RHLVMK7(HXI;W+4=@\D

MS6B--%S$0&YQ=E4A.EK%+^R:#PIE*==*D!SDG-Z-IE\LT\/6-[06#EV:RJZ
M]6DDIC(JW)TR=NES02E;/*6=*!LGRXITFJ'R9I/1$3RAR(`H6AV'?E!P-#%




*TM'S)4;4(XRI

MRQ7P0PP1GAP^22QF&
.%./;^PI'0JSX6RSAF=28@SJ-OQ$F:Y+`T;^H;(9&W
MI:^N![RA
0I$#DX'F*5I1RK7:Z'+(X?#^

:JE)


()-
Z^P]F'8!RL9A#`K=&DW

M
6-S28%.462G%H&R\L'DT/X4
TJ?B)5**SCLX@3
PN[X6Y7


M*U&J
4$IE212F4')%RQK5%$'DC*.

M!5A/4O$58&$




V'J!#H(

'%_MV11U%%D`5JU-!%848YDW-
#



H.2+EC6J

MI;6Q@[9?')^55N@:9&0U2.).2B9J7IP8XDPSUV+97=


M),]F/(5(UIQKF[F@<#!'+`EGA'+,:@9ZA9D4I2T]($+RUD2MX3R5T6
\3QJ

-4Z

M]368V4_M+:YD-D
)F#B_V[(HZBBR`*U:F@BL*



TX*Y.Y@T8XL)9+`'6$2.%N\H



M(RU*)(





U[=')VC9<6CR&!2@J?)USZ%UBBD*%&D2*CRE(WLRRQ`'O6QR




M(/







M9QJO9UMD\7ZRDT&+9)#RFC
=CNV


LEG[4E0D.7J!7LOI3L7:(A#5;0S2A-
2E%A7!(W5Z1&D&)`R
MR96Y.)A-V-



@
M-S#(24^EFUQYC5&H^JS?J8]MM3L;'M]H-^<SN5VP8^XN]@JV=H160Y<FIW;



4L];98KA8

MS$#8MCL;(9II*EZIV3/H-.30W.R8YN.FN0QJ)[)#D-
6VNJV&U\]V&S);`

M:%U16+


MABZ='*P165HU)B
)$/8DG'6`5NN:XI)%0F@UT/<%



M/4^


B&KD32])S7()79E#PD2M;4+42PU/5[&FD+


M=78:T66I$[:=5[G);%X\+D#!55(:7LZR`+VV2LU8U7R2CT
M*8WE?%DQ)%8WS2=U<U)XVY44@1
&$N@R`;:MHB]B.\D



MH1=8P6@D&EAKFB?&MH:I!!%0.1=&.8T-+43425*7-4QZQPJNLK`H)\B]T1T&


CZ%.4Z@4G'
M((U?JRJ84E8TYIOC9%&NU*^@4N@S0B:*HED
LR4[3O[\*C9W$$
^BCB@:(Z.
M7N


KXF0BG&ZQA/-.3
M^


9R=S6K4

S&4'3B71V&Q=B

M2&-4W@8W8:]+)U92-*484C:HB0KST3D0B8SB-K.&F4`+3[&+98]:ZNPH
MC%HK8#8GIE+!'#C&;/8GQ0/@K

M[N$KC+NXS661Y_6QIBE:F9J(K_\``:(;!J'%V;FQZCC
]L&D8FN.]0UN:$J?
+I1GG!4&CRI/@_]D_
`
end








begin 644 g519003g87z48.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@$`8`!@``#_[0NR4&AO=&]S:&]P(#
N
``X0DE-`^T`
M`````!``8`````$``0!@`````0`!.$))300-```````$````'CA24T$&0``
M````!````!XX0DE-`_,```````D```````````$`.$))300*```````!```X
M0DE-)Q````````H``0`````````.$))30/U``````!(`]F9@`!`&QF9@`&
M```````!`]F9@`!`*&9F@`&```````!`#(````!`%H````&```````!`#4`
M```!`T````&```````!.$))30/X``````!P``#_____________________
M________`^@`````_____________________________P/H`````/______
M______________________\#Z`````#_____________________________
M`^@``#A24T$```````$`````$```)````0``````X0DE-!!X```````0`

M`'H`-``X`````0`````````````````````````!``````````````)5````
M_``````````````````````````````````````````````X0DE-!!$`````

M9(`````!_]L`A``
`@(0@
0D,$0L*Q$5#PP
#Q48$Q
5$Q
8$0P
#`P
M#!$
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
`0T+PT.#1`.#A`4#@X.
M%!0.#@X.%!$,#`P,#!$1#`P,#`P,$0P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,
M#`P,#`S_P``1``O`'`#`2(``A$!`Q$!_]T`!``'_\0!/P```04!`0$!`0$`

!`(%!P8(!0,,,P$``A$#!$2
05!46$3(G&!
@84D:&Q0B
D
M%5+!8C






?)




ZBT8F*1!=6XVV;B-]3&UU
_?

MJ-];FN8



M;]'^6LC[?UD
WGU2-T@#,P/;#F_;-WNW;_]=B2F_P#LS!S*:7=0Z?C&VN2V
MMS&7LS_`()[ZV_NL_

MO(Q`&02XEMCG9-CJ_:W8][?WUMI*:V/TWIV+N^RXM-&_1_IUM9NC][8UNY39


M=9MV^NT'=/IMBM]#/TCOW?IK:6%D=0ZQ4]Q:VTM;)@8?J3Y-]/+;^;_K_@TE
M-K`+
WU7VXF
&6#;8^MXMW.G])59NII5ZC&QL=I;CU
I:XR16T-!/C[5FXUW

6NDI__]'5^HM+[OJNYC*3?^FJ
MYKJMVC[%@_F9#Z6_R/8MJO`L8\.&!!+-@?\`8\8%NCZMOLR=VW:/H?R_^
V4

M`/_N``Y!9&]B90!D0`````'_VP$``$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$`@(`@(`@(`@,#`P,#`P,#`P,!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0(`0(`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#
M`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`__``!$(`/P50
!$0`$0$#$0'_W0`$`$O_Q`.
M``$``00`P$`````````````!P8(0H$!0$P
!`0``````````````````
M```0```'``(!`P


[V6Z?([`M9:-
MV%3H''X34FEQ;IS36#L.)/\`HYU7UW6'L)*G-%KFB]DLEVER)OR&:`=@7[LI
MFWNF


I;U3^_*



M]

M5'T'.M`F^RNBM&N'QECI4)_+\Q4+8_J+.MM&T](25M2EV+A5P4&RJ9E0F*8^
M6ON;&P71K5![=4UQF^@8EF^E=E4JMC6)25MH^OW?M5/Y5;

H

.1E8`8U1_).W%=.WN#B8M3<C<I(YF7TAVEB^67Y


MAO3(:'5-7S)Q$6I)#Y30=*MC\#-?\U$;G%MG_C;S/L


8YQ&KVZ-([;MG1Q05D638WCW$T^!A;J_R6:S@L

Q

JK-



M+




QIGT6_53!=

:CE5TEZW9:;/
;%`3







M?/;+^QO13_)5P*=MW3VZW^LS=+O?='LC=*=9HYS$62IVS
^@=BK5AB7B8I/(

H(+BHD'IX'X-O






ME?`?TV[#_CY[9?V-Z*?Y*^`_IMV'_'SVR_L;T4_R5\!_3;L/^/GME_8WHI_D

-.O?QNMG
+_=C7[+4LV_%+H]#R*1XY]5;G
1D&*0E&*CY9XW:^TBZ


MA
6IM$&'@+A+MI(605UJW&73675^X%41X&8CI;VKZE?-\CKF+4[LOW2U.KY7


M3IPW



M?1;GH.JP=TU/0WR\\6+43

;U4^
O^9:I?K`NP?SMT@)]#H(24A+?..8]LL\DF
MRJ;UT=!





D





3?$^

WV6D$7)JST)=LB-%5DUY*:




MIU\B74-N8Y&VI/9M0AA3%*L9QJMK5%0/I[8)UNCRI_6(_3QX_7@53D_=;K]L


#\WZ&^1KY/
MK6QE)J%[,=-(*-823ME'Q5[P)S6;=.M46*;TDF2)+VDXF-;*4Z:9#R!U55
M!*42D/Y(`=TZ^0OY/6[B61/V8Z.B$6FEX6:XY*K-9'[A=^W37B5?[YU#NQ#[
M$3G3$G2(JF90I0.`<#BM_D+^4QZJ@+3LET;]P[]HR(P=XG


2`P92Z$4U)%

MHBTLB$DW6RJ2%NZB$@B7K@8V9)K_P+*T=MY
6Q'/O+JI+(JB*(^T;R'8OO
MD_[T)/GRX;_T^:



NJ]/5A*GW4[AK-L6J3UU
LB`^/5]/(8IZG_J.NQFA30UZ%ZTY53)=Q&!
Q25IM-LF8^1BS((N`

12]`GW;
M)HS;BO(NP2'2SI&;L4R&
*ITP3\%\F`H#X`(XL'R(?
.Y



7;MCL
90W:]A[H7=Y:P4:**%B.WUZDV9FDLUB'8-?Y-:V]S]P



M`$+FT47#+LK0DV[@%A17D@GH5

M6Q99I;Y@S^_?

M!`6T]D




S!FBK9+!G-IA3
W0HN:
MU*9#020CE5%$3@B[4:-?Q3`4XK`8PAX


Z=)UETT5*8$VT2SAX^6*Y*8HF6670$I@!(X&#?\`^!#9
M^P6



91A&J-F\?7Y2;

M7W-3?%@):'KMM?TR:D
M6D


E8T)BF057
0YCQ1+K?W
4TCC`@*[
M55NUD:HP5;^E%0P^$2E]:IO4(E`I0.'/6]\C/5ZHIZQF1)?0I*=8P31IIM

M`YE`:1K-LA_'K.*!$P


=E#-7'V
5&-_

:&SE-6A):N1U?E\29MY/26
VL1)Q%1J\FVC0D(ALRC







V$'#!+


MZ%I'%AJ#YO&2-ECK&TW:J:98JF^(O(-8AZP0BY3*)2)E`61!=H]2-Z$U@+_$
M'2V[KA.*U^MV9F_HL$A+4K-UF$


M4-#42%17/:G`$1(JHX-(V*&1
D0K`)5


!L@<!P'`<!P/4X^B/GQX\?7]WU#]_`UR.T





MR4'\`X%2:1]IBRG9D+8DFY#$*8GN`LF/\2*@D1I7L%JJ#9W&*7CL@:'6:+


BGZ%/64
M



MA'*BE)T@DXZ=-#^DRBJDB;W1_P4J9?!0#.I\&;9%1^U%W=YN@YF7K[KC=6


M!

M4D]1A,*0J&$3G,/`R@#]/J/Z!P/F*?ZD?K+M.Z?+SOMDR2B+7*C:#B4?*.
MH^;KB)@E6&:UE!XR*C(S#-8[YDBX;^ZW(452)F*H)?0/JX&6W_1VYS?
;FOD
M0HNGUQU4+')FZPS$1&2*[%164913?=6\V[C%6+ITVD&\2M.
$W1T3J%;*NDB

[N479H.[5G1+5#SK

M6$L%@O-ETJG0T!)3-06:JQBZTXR67D7DQ
-V[IK'QK9`SE8Q#F.5)(1*4QO`







5H^^Z=+O8FMW65C&35.85DWL0*




M%
/LAT^D@[\J_P#A!]L




`3FQVFSV2GQ;.ZEHJ
JCF.@XN]MKAM).;;/Y98S09X6JR
MD%17]0C&;^C.FYUJ^^

MODD
B_K.3LEVN=


M*[4E8Z_#KIR32141.T8MU7#)9TB*[D(5;



M%:$:ZV+(MVC2




M8O4DR$:M1CF[1-1

1M$8NSK0;!JT.V18.4V#1H1,Z7VR()A($GJ^BW_
M`*R=PR5D64::(2



M2I2%IEMM)#N(*0LQ+-595:.8280
554YBF8B0E+P;R;.?M*Z


[&BUEG
$I-13UK+3O9VN0#M*NMJ(^
M
E
1]3JV=3+A




MPTG(B)C&]IXXH`404]@1TA+*++EAY`8NT`Q0@74UZ8IZ+R-CY]G'-8YZY8

BVQPXC'$@D;VTG3;VW+599%,P=TXK-:#R8M:K8&$#![GX*)]XCY`






`D.4H_3]/UX&L^;M1L*I95?\^U*I*1B
$]


4WI4



QC#^P`X'R.K9W1W!]L.I72M7
MA)-LNB7.;CT_P`%`.TCQTS8I.1;D,L[C%72Y3HNBB)C'$X_O\?3@9@/@@[8
MZQ9?E/ZZU^^WHSRLW**UNN.(\(Z$AV!GQ\?O$S#IK#$QK)5RJO,0[=-(BIC@
M*QR^`]7C@?19`?(`/[P`?^/`\\!P'`__U,OQC[7?$:9I?6C-^JEY[%/+M(R
M=PO\?0]LK..



MPUH9/R2#)9JP(D1LX*GZU!()Q#ZD_=UN1[F56CED@6:R=_;Q[\ICK)?_``UU






MUINM6+KQ(UK#5&
1+.9N`:290CVCA$E74?IDF&Z






TSD@W?\QR!C1:@D

=0WH`#G
L




MT\#HB
CO'@I

MXG
U4



MA9!G5B!#Q$0\?+V1:NI+[!%.N5^=SKT6#(ZYDDVSE1JW+[BI@*?U&#)UU'

YD:T4)J0G$Z`+^:I+*0JLHE$MY-TT50
M6-$.4EO0\4*LX

M:6$I*


M:E/W;J+

5HLY*_:2;8IP0%(Q2A#/6VC16F;U






*G

M0/2D8!]`F\C_`!CZA-X+X#9/^
/6=3N55U[


!\_3@2K?'#L_Q]Z8BG'&8HITYEY<E1
M21!]ZIIJDL7W+N[]T2E5$PID(43@4/683&X&O@T1DV:C:509KB#0J
NFLH
MS55:_;-Y$C(CM01)[:C(9




MH#5_(_:*KB190RQRF`X%*F)`X&R'P
9GR*KM[%'YOGAUD#%7E9.W/43@BH9(

H
F]23]1``YDA+Y+]3`&


NWQS2A!P5U3Q$JT&[6*$
M!$P%*J#6552M:YB%


P^1PUIG8+#MES


OO6@

M$3C602:HI+BV9


UT73

40$.!A!^?WO3%]/.B=YJT!
M-I-MG[)1TUC.=1:+A
LBSAIYA]KH]T^W$Y5TVE;J+I5!%P4!]F4D&?[QX'S+


MS\DC2M+J\99818%J+-R.T@]BWX$_A2E(62(LS=)_JFX0.4?`@(`$T\!P'`
M_]71\($!*P6P:;MULJ]9I]/S1\UF7


M:92-8D6]4DI[


S1

\PE!M+4
MNSGBMZ0Z^W4=VY@9LS53C*^S*=

M-R$I



M#IZJG++&3!



+.D4(8[X2LF81

M1JOYQE'.F#RR.P1BU%1

MJL6%K(;1!-DG3U'=MHMY%PYWCF=?+V7!P2$A6/WBDE/H`Z/ZO4'W`@8``1
M'@3W\DD0$9\9=):D)8I!_*ZU3;&^DU4C)PX^E75JW'




MW!2R(I'2_*J)(BX`YD$C%@9+L-&IQ3.';WK2T21,:UCX^08S-_8N8YA&(1L
M&QC8Q@YO$C%,&3(KK%J4A4#%`C))

M

@5TABG53)
MT:G:7W:-/0V3B?@XB_Q%1KXUR28P$Y%RZLVE!MY0;`K


'6&%.RJA#I+`'A'UX
MNWIMD:]
2I+YK+,F"5/85O_:9F1VE'B_
TCE9
MR;08(LV3A)ND'IJ4^^KL`ZKTFUJ+FQ*MZ+(L[RPATAFP=1F;Q4&\?)2[&2L*
MAI6S0$C`SRB*[V-5)+)

MY@(E91%

LL4044`IA]!0I&5J$T@U=N2IH/F;59R@

WC1P4GVZ+=98YT07^Y!$J3DOD3)E`!\@/U`0`-L7_`$^A$FN/[(B4A4R)




H-%!.:BV82OXF(EXE[9[H[;)JHJ





B)MQ
[=/#*G5`OJ554.8PF

M;MFR)UUUU3#Y`J:228F$?V`'`Q'7J64V2T35W;Q4O.3TF@W9TFG1D4G(R*-:
MCC*!%K30F5:-HEH];NG+\X.5R^ERM[90]L#'X%O#NN7&!DFR$_1T&)9*;C(*
M/COYTSIS
KRTX]:M8YBG%IVMP]


MRT3YRFKTRH!@]!H=^8I@'R`E

^
M@\AD9*BQ):X[C4K)*NLV
\B[C




::6STN*4(`*LG&@JZV;.W)#%/^+;NFW@0=8@:(=8H8M6R)2O6

M

M$1

?
MPC7_`$?.Y7LM.1M@6D\P99I4GMFR-IW!9];)2YS2.[XD1=Y`09.Q?7B2?SO\

M*
*RC(+OF?;/`YMX2
D%8QR6#AK\D)U47*#ALN9NE%(JF53*(^ZD!B42B(

MR/(U2:
Y/[9(3.5#F3.9
@D#+!=.G/3_``_-KIKF4=?*



M!HM]T7M$;5;U8(KP
+;:Z(6-C#6AE'*2-FEJ*C)!'2S;^$3-D2F]HHF3(`
M^G@?CU*[?9QW-V![2LJS_0*DI3JV\NMCTFW4C$6[B$]#P8^
-$MVJ]XD$9A_
M+229D@;*($2!-0XAZ20X9&7V)T!O(-TG`%+'


MRR\AWJFY1P1%-Q*97C

MG[.P1JA[/&IR-=GVZL(X@Y!ZYKR


M/S/959([1(Q4DC)G$`(F!%SB0@92SR$96H1JH^F)UTWB(UHF41
N]?K%;-




MATT(D`IIJG76'R(_;^D`3.&2WMS@3C8M]GIUJTD;P6?BZY+
UTVSMLK`P[6O
M

7=-&L\!%`1%=LW`H4A@'_I
M%#97Z
1[.)Z\UZ*C8^1B8R*G+-$QD5(E;D/'QT1*JQ3-!H5JJNG^.
@S*HA_


BEYB.B)^&G35M

;5[^;?
MP3-VXKC20EV)7:\:LT6B7S)P\9.XF4.X;HB1=
Z(JM%SE2_(1ZB#PA`N9`
MR:?*BY4E/C(J3Y!FW+5ATS-X
]+ST5*L&JS2;CG

FHRA
M01
=:+K-88S
D=_P!=TZ4?

H1\8V4:RLRI+&.YD2
M/3E(R(9%!-LH1
@@H=
PE.`_44_`A/\`ANUL:B\I^6YYFF9W&\2;5_$5Q_/8


M`63/B91*56344'RFL030?!//@``*PNU3NCXBC-UENBH6(JZ*B;M?/Y6

MN2^^F82A?C&9Q7ZN0Q9^NRMGK:J@MB24'./T[=!&^W='()#*O%H:S-!33_B4
M
@DX*H4WD#IC[G`I+15
)HRD;(CL-XM6,KPJ+IH@PD0KC]A*3IV%E:E214
M!1U%0SZ02
4XD
DU%

LTURTB;)E=HH.F4:5=GBCR3J*0:34)
M)(JGCQBIYDO

.F\)D+5M
MM6HIP[ZZ






=5
HS-[+


RL7[Z*:ZBP.2-PF[J!\8O3


MV?;.Q-QMSJIR!SLS2:=OE(IZ8*LM6IDVB`?2'[U0T38

M+DA'KF

E(M69VYRF35
M
40W++CWBZQ%AK`C']@

@TG56:9A/$-Y!
THFM'NS
M&



F


MH]LCI'\6A*2=TE(.&=NW[BH-(B
D992%632%%L]/Z2(+NC*G=*A;UU\S9E(5

MW*PHI)@H`9B/G*F(^K77IP1T[:


4R(PU]SF;NSLS.@03]EK3
M4692G;.4&Z8'**K=-`O\:B90*B'889UTC8[2C+9DVB\[BHCW%#W.\6EI8HI
M^_#[HQF$




]MDETD
\W560!NF`^E$A1]*:0%(```<#$K

+;13@IB5CYQJNW2*]KM$!E7$.5C+

D_0;W^IRVU3

G8G,9ZP:`ZO[B+85QPDG:&$-%5JFY5I
M\7-N+#*T=T9T643;E*FQ1!`_J
H10+K%.X

MVNRC#-2JGBIB&BM9JV51(
(*R6

6WNJB(AWN&;Y&:Y)V?
Z
M?U5F

TH%%K;%M2X2IU&SS$

_OP2&K0M&KB4ZTDK!1ZE%2
^^40CW#

N0L\









M]0+&

H#=HL18ZI$0'W!5



YNBQ5(&T




M)1^




M7.

MOV8

^3$QE`
M4\*G#-S\=':7KSV-RU2&P6S5&2_NOS[(XNV4^DKN'\'FPS%=F6M?J*4D)56)

MYC+E3B9*_A(]%.18KN2N)2&7E1!R@L0C1))0RQ#%






MO(?:-&+4'BJAC&4%)(A#&$1```?'`V;N`X#@?__0PA?!#
(0'9/8)V3L=KJM

M6XUEV)P$[2]N(IIA?8RQ.GF8S@M+'$(
*U[;R?BV+:1D

3
TXE)
MUD^57O4TH18*^LX:

JBNO
M
TB:*Y:
%B.%$U&$O!/C^Z1=1)?W!)ZA'UD*4H^0#]H`%MW?OJF78^UUHN
C
MHGXW[J4&+/%I0/W\F_)%U=@3\S]65C69#J)J&
0%/6)E!2#ZE`/R:9I8
MT1BV$YV2[46:$AV;6O(UW^_FW5NLGA6BK=
L:[KD
LJRD(LAC'1^U554`$2E








V[IBH@T:-

MW=N8F$DG\*9%1K

MNFV68

6+W\:D;[4ZJA10*?U*'H,&8K_4JHBE?.EZ)B5-+`Y


;+*&DG4<<Q6RIE!
8I&Q0]8F`_@)B=

;^



MK1D^M#
@
*CXB$S%M$T552(NCLF)7;Q



=S$8(N7U7EFSEI*UZZQ30%$TGC^LS+5-0R)@]3EDJZ









UTB=RJ]Q-Z@&




12FI@KMO)1C0BC1Q!)MEDG:;EZHX!9
M
BYH\4B(!0





VSZ&L@O*K7J:TL$Y/&7LOXI%TC9)`A$
MP28*3!DD&K)!M^-DR*-P35%0_N%4.``(&
%5(1\:QG4[



MR40653
IZ@M
L7R)=)H&`BZ-;NKW86]

M;#?-1@Y*&JEEM2%@LE189K2*/((H1BYHYPJHJ*A&XBY!T=00;*!M=$@%:G\6

)9BBN@C


U#R


_P`#$]3(G\)E\=)L*Y%QT;6MEA&29E9*%AE)21



M2


/`QLQ(3*N
2$/9(BFQ];I#W/)2?;KKNI6O+0$
M&UAW2@-F3



5U$3`BZ0^]42`04`JJB($4
&4
M_(\*^37










R=M!
M?9[%Q[9!`I1(J45EU1

VZ:J_@7)_;(0#@!`.



M%2BK&I6Y%W*QDLHNLLUC4

4WH
`^WP(MFZ+:Y9R






/227]:[)I[1C`FD9?_`*ATPM*N<C'4D


56F

Q@ZC*.

G01F*\9OG$6L#)94$
M2N6*:A@IY,(50G=+KMTHZJ




MW
=L=


HF-L39L





MD

K.:2I-2


[%R\4:-3.!:]7&CE`JQ@#P5










MV\B'TX'?MV31H4A&K=%NFF4)IHD!)-,A?5X(1,G@AAZA\```'UX'[F3(8P
M&


0'SY\B`^?^P?K^O`
M]O93#]B'U\_0Q@_3_9YX'L0A2`($#P`CY']?J/@`\CY\C^@<#IYVMUZSLE(
MRR0D5/QJQDS*QTRP:R;!4R)O6D91F]26;G
D?ZE$2B(#]0X'7Q]%I43Z/Q=1
MK4;[8^I
&$'&M`3$```$@-VR8$$``/'CQXX%2`W1+Z0!



ET'!/T`_@1`0QOU_X&?CCB$Q3F
R





M$/UX%U6%=8\9ZW-Y]KD-9D:ZE9R0J4T:3NM[NKATA722*4(V3=7JS65RR;1Z

!A`!`)^X'H8A##Y





M_:M__NP_XF_;_L\\#W!!(/T('T_3]?(?[A\^0X'L1



M=8J%@_Q27+



M@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#
M@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.!__U
`7QYX]!Z/A^Q3T)\=MY[T:Q6KY721HM8'7Y#/:

BYC6KR
$T9!2J;GOS




OQ'
KIUY)9=9:6&O4&]Z7U4I


M6+KAV$?C#U!CECJL.XA\RWY-JV@ZT^E;2YD67V[.&.#QF!@O\M'=7?=`Z(:I



M=66
X6=B]$M3NWBC$6FQZ38:E2%YF

M-7KCN


)B8SV_6^X:]9L8FV6C



M@\ZA\OBH6LPJEJDJEE_1H]ENSF7K29XYVLK*VR0U6NR4[6$KU$&T@@DH=`

M;/CV?3



MXEFU\:*;%//YO/GJF58_IU18.8*V9!GZEYBYI/1Y!(;-7G#^IO(V*:RT5(23


EDP6$AB
M?P^H0NGX#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.!X']!_W#_Z?3Z\

M@@C_+!J.0HU?)KRA;=TTUONT3F.TL]J@*UDF^XWOFP]7LBK4);HWK?0=$Z

\40#JNO7S/[_:L8C95UUW8Z_8JE1J#

M][!U/1.OK6A/
AS:GS.R





'DI@\B'D!#R'ZAY#]0_VAP+:)CJ%U

O




*D3/H[K-AK6E(QMFB4Z
MLCF-42BDXVY.:\\M+4K7\8!DG'-5BE''@`,8T:T'R'VR'HLH/JQURK41$P



8MB)MV4?'
&Z

MJG6_+AHZN=8CE]'4S-2X.*O5Z5`PSBH+Z`TC6-Y7@'#)FDO''MC%9H2`IF
M#[E!FW3/Y(@D4H48YZ-]

`I




8PCP*EX#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.!X-X

\Z.D]SRM+F4HL?=0TF.
MJ15#1WNI0$?H/_QQ%L42IHR@_=$`JW\?`K!AUVP:$0MK:
R/.(QC?*+7LRN[

D8\K67JT!6)%:.:




@V

TDX


MQ6+T)=LR;

M^R2.@MZ
6HXY?6S.]L9IQ25'K-
'
T




9FE]?R:N[;
Y5IM-BZS2J%


[JXSV(Z_=N=
[4XO'Z+O




'+$R-56











.^9:4O_+5GHMIRE.J


M




M?N#_`(?^G[N!Y\!^[_T#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#


MT

M0MNW/4Z)D]:F+37





M








MF^685XIS3[U)H:3!=5I!E2
B7TZR@)</,3-NXAH\6D&T3*E^K9P=,J*X?\AA
M^O`LOD_EZ00D\O`36Q.H<&?\U$D+/)YGK#/.(MU4$M





M*?KL%2[++)W@V5E+1:S9JJD^:*F]HQCI+$3O[AV5P.B4NZZ#9];H+*IYTD
_0J*AC%`0ZRF]J
%

)/U.*NJZ7(
<&V_/B6AAF&RO04GVB==;9HXNLCG)+0I
M=CG+2_MT[O$N(Y1`)`7:2Y/XTBE


MQ6&EI%S67Z31NL='TB';1_R5=-9'/JAIH:E*QE8O?83/^JU70LV7ZQ4+:_WS
M5&5?F



MX1$JK+DGP

LX1F'
9*RZ



ZWIE=I^^LK5HW:S=<

M$MD!2*Z^P!5
7(-P='


M%NDT0



%UUKN5.6U/Y3UH
MGKC$XKU5R8DS(Z?%62Q93&1C;KTNBZ&)M[MK:HXL(
E%IR$69ZN%KB'Q8]L
M]NPK*^OFMR.4Q^/Y!U'JO2HNRVW
K93]BJV=7W!K%VV4J-8K$Q5=0LFAU]
M1HM6@E[`D



J\B2F9?:^ZF4+6[3\*6O7NI.

M-%N

_V:S]H49JU.Y=:(68R#)_]NF^(_)]L%1._




M#S^P!'@8SJ7\KW4_7


MG6K=A-
IP*)(MV3Q
3(F41]1@!
Q#'#H&GR%W7#H&FK]ZL6+E+K2[O1:UGUV
MQNPAIN2R






LW
M!4)+HORI=8KW?V&4(
Q:J17SQHH2MR


MA'1
[(`NG'2+ENS?N6H53(?
GU#A8ZORTVRV6'B[/BLMN



7_
+6P5;?
M*I.P

6QI5%7U6U&GNXIVJXD6S)5T9)%
W:QUSL+<<^F<LCW^?Q;.Y8UHM.Q
F(BPNG
:N[BKM&N$F2
EE$JQ?Z/9IJ@Z-6FDL1!H$PPKU\J\BS;O/90%V@@144DA.*90NX#@.`
MX#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.!X
/I*)O`CX`1\!^H^`\^`_V\#&;GGR



1GU?D)$E@!XR%-N$0=1LJY

^PL'7VHJ#D]DMQ=JLE1V-W9Z.-%I
MVG=8


M(=?JU$%LD#CFQQ$S
W/7+%4ZWUKVZD]J+96=%TH^0]==/N]7G*^MU9?I3B+:


MPSW?$:!KVARND6*





C$O*\[CD%VJC`4%S)@$\U[I!1\ULG39[D[

M*94AB!237XRNO;.

7)5C5KD^




M^I$J

#?7@6`RGQ
]9Y::?

M9.3N


M*




MC


P#.8E[A9$F@


MXC(U%Z\!-FDSK\)G%6
M;,HIJR3:I,557+D`,Y<KJGGY7XGNOEC8T.-MFC=DK6TH%LKEZB$9K9I?VT[


MI)ETJ=T.H:*SU9TS=P;)N9R\L+/E=L;S=BC8#@H)\Z6D\8@!=G2:(*/S(+



MYG+ABHO_```J9`N@X#@.`X#@.`X'__4P2_A?+?F&K=J;[36FCIR-:Z@VA^




M=L(]03

`U;9:Y(4
MT8]S8]









1V+N^(EN&+S=0
MS31:_P!'Y/L
\E*=((VV*J^HV+J)V9UR;JEIJ5C3L$3*N\_?Y$R6AV4F0`;O
MG*:S]%TB7V%`O;[_`/9K6
DV#K1
J=E_P.=QV
5G0M)JF`6.CP=KE[+-[+EE








6JC.M:Y&UV!CXV-7*!


M*X9DY:3R]BD%*54F#9=C

T27/I;N!5



'-RZ\FZ7
Y43277.X5


M]%C;5B32M%7K%6*$\S@83\53)%.:BV(?E&T-7'/VT6LAR-V*GMH5(W@0XM
M8@\




4KMZJFAUG.Z
MS5;!2&&@

XW(?\`4+]-

M.Q-A[N1/9M+:W&#99%2Z&7SM1H]SH]U@T




N3/L=5-<
Q:JKWA30]$58H
'3B7C'#*6*\#(%U

A68:[FM6G%RZIT&DO-OM4+BZ:X@U&$U5DJJU-%`T9S

!7Y1GVXK@9[TY=;G#



MX@DNHN`HIA%;NE?

NK8EC=?L_=S%@@9!UJ





M\M)PCUT(65/.@'=U3NI995GC\TEUOF/DT8=]WC\'T$#EWJM4[R2=(C+/]J:6





[EM.K-5SZ]6C0-YF9R,@E[!$TG3HF5,DY5:$
M7:J'*@958GM$PL_D9^/J1-')L.\O3YZI


M(#0HVK&JT&6QS$2_4J$A



M6




M




MHZP%W*O21?8KX^(Q%5S5*_3*N5-BGCZ(IY7#U7/\KK8XY[I#&JKAG7HI%Q#&
@J()!%EE^)
MG-6;=/'G.694:*ZQUK(XR+B



9\5?:?6
A,[F3;!J=/;RDC(OH8+I2`;023F/$'(J

V&9D(&

MK7;3



9









42!^E:^*GH[49N*G

3




MDQ\C)$4G


M@NQR5A*IH4GJC=D=S.8_\`FPJ2+;\LJZ9?C`@`43;-R/QDA*L5J`8=)/L%





MR$KC5.S'/6!JV_(E+]DNH%\/Q[_`8]LNXO8;.




9GJOVGTV]96U^0'I5F:

M]4QC(124K[*G1#@$57*.:*3:35JE*KGD`V=P_0.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`
MX#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X'__U

WP1.Z4.O;4P61

M3B5
5JZ9M91D$V346:$_U$O16)!@


2G
`#X
(`(57.6JF5ES7F=CL$!!.[=

(!WX@S$


!2B(!'M;WS`[GGD_K]
M0V3++7EE79S



MOXR17DYXTI+RA(T?9!X=X[5(IWA@J.B;;A^HN0:9EK68:*Y
G*KE2HMYK%

G79BIN9QLR(Y)'K2P5NPR#-)PLDJJ@@^7!(Q!5.)@K/@
M.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@

M;DZ1KZ$JHX?^U%JQA5UUO_
%6]M$4PG7K)NM#[(_./T3UW.Z%(YY!S_:[I3&

'U
MP.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X#@.`X&-]ATOWAC\E
_W95[GZG(
M81

L<9<LDU]'&R[C(
M7&&^X[-,AC8Q&HO/D`B:M;*I//\`MA=-2%W8Z7L&;M1?)-:LJJW:FC5X=DQB
MDQ7#O,[Z7_*E.:[GQ-;IN]1M(F8O$*1O$W]KH].L5;KVC_`!V3,].JSD9V
ML=W%:=C,ZR_6F,BK7J[756JLHN@P/,*RB\FYY;/.C'<VM]1_DJQ69@-(GY#



R0E[2V=FDR!CJ:=)NP?8+'

MFB*ZVIGX@TLW=3
K)KM7+=1@%^62=(-EA+OC.T6/K6W!S_?M\I.EV7/I.?QV

 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bnny_ConvertiblePreferredStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfConvertiblePreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityLiquidationPreference'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bnny_ConvertiblePreferredStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfConvertiblePreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityLiquidationPreference'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bnny_ConvertiblePreferredStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfConvertiblePreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityLiquidationPreference'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bnny_ConvertiblePreferredStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfConvertiblePreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityLiquidationPreference'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_bnny_AdvisoryAgreementTerminationFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalBalanceSheetDisclosuresTextBlock'

height=650
status=0
resizable=yes
menubar=no
toolbar=no
'+
				\n+'            formatted: <a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=opener.Show.toggle( window

height=650
status=0
resizable=yes
menubar=no
toolbar=no

 'defref_bnny_ProductRecallsDisclosureTextBlock'


$CESV
M*8
88FPNJ'XDHM+KO]GMG7Z^)K%=_=%[S\&_PF-L4#FB=[U^?7Y#+)_[WU/

A&/1!JDG\XF\%G+I^GV=T%




\J7=

M5=U;\E`R?E@^SL


MB8$MB


M'3['X.DZ!X_@LX\

'CPA
=U&#8





$
M:E^$R9TQ!]4C]D



(*'
SB*<L
6XMS0I-.S8$4M*ADF


M)S&+B!:?TI^9:E=^#'3VX=6^8]P/


GG#M;7S;BAD
G2B)+J-BWRYQAJ6VSUS9:P58QM2O`=`WI3M



[RON\ZJ9[3CDXI8O)W9










M5U+E8!&X9G.56VW@M%XWZ&@Q/RWY1M.U;%?(OU!L4FU_[%8*R0QPBSJ9JNN;

M79C
8U
.6Z




S73*YLO)QJ:^KC2#$!G^`*.ZO(YCT


I@&+SA7BK3ES=AH]&KGD]]'0
MI`D[&/F66Y

M]F/Y44JS.UINLG#X$_;DM-QB9A8PJ6[NUET#8+
F'GBYZ3!*J!:4L-GU(_CX


8P1*K84(M6J2A3F.S.7T^V05[=_A$;EBD
QIM8Y
M:$$E]EW;19('!`)-

*.SPBB/L:^SRU6.2.S&
$J=[V^YS/HYNEQ56)H*F+!

UIIE

)\S!MPW!


M_UUC8F\&



T]-SP;!YV(*;V6G9[GBU@=`'?V\

(1('(2XL'


T9B

`A
M0J4(










=D,`9J6E527LC@+@-1.CG.^,?^5^C]F#2'Y[
M-)^\-PWSG8]S`J%0)2W0@B`ML^R\LRC3XAJ3$0?RX9LGR'0_#CN@Z\4!7



MU];;N)&LWPWX/Q#.)D@`T\N^DAPC_:-3)C#SS.YN2\#&2)&O-$)@U)SGCV











^R.ZC4%Q742KK2YT_W2.84DBQFUG5
MNYV0IC.R+4BS44);M9N1;8%HR


3Y9V*D

V24:+0B`SB/K5PV


TD

)%Q(G4-56Q.6



M!%X[B/%@




)7)?]@-\J[/5J`78YR#LY;@SG


^2V4
1^#,,.N8G[W?
M,-(NU,^5C0;`N&?*DL[MQ7/S;W-V][7#T(5C<-V7<:2M1!@

UCH^G6U0!&#+8
)




IX-(&$XA^RZB8(F
M\5U7R:UK$EL*[HIUNGR;E`!W76/JOT83'ALK)GQ)JC+`I:N7SF_1()B$7R+X

M+R/#G\'@.IZ*O\5A/QAT]BZ'#
0R(\K3LLR`I5BP-


M[__B\7^:!/=]SJSTS#'+








M(&PDE1/QR*SWV2`(VR`(WWG15/RQ1C!HHK&=R@QT7;.0SZB*3&:IE!*LVIQZ
MJFLZ7

?:
MKH0YJ5!]YD3L?D$4/E_JM2I:E.K4



M4P.0*W_4JQ!WVK)FWV0VQ[98I*]CE1JNIAK



M



M_UD;E3;F/L


]&9
@G_
M&T#P$+[K/T\%0Y3'
`H?GQ]/3T;`
N4I\38FPAT:B

Y?0B4*([ZT%LWDA.7

(86O8GR
M8QB)A\;/DUXTF/ST#I;_3U@_K$C^\E2&/ZOLN%0DY9^N_M=[IR\X,]\1?FG
M3R4YZ1OLFUO7NU6=F_?OK8^?Q/Z8KV]ITEPIMS'8\$)&3P2/!A-`
X]^C+_
M_:DW&





_2&PZ`_#?\*DJ:NN]X+5


]8P80)9U1S=\HGD:J9*]A

=6Y]P./3T!JW.CV?AZW?MN!!0)N]`JO[]6-__[P^J0
MM[BG].+`:8WCGC:PIZ_EG'8Z0R7QVI;B&L'D7(FJ:R[GMT_]T$4#
/I\=YI
M


'TT@!_P^7IT


'J+8CDYTV^IBG2$=IH[O^%I/
M\QU/QV)B



A


!XI#N[:+?@2T%'(:UX)?-?_$5SC
[Q!@'N060@_A04)<S`;IL@H%[);
]T'?W0MIIVTF'7PF0<FTPB/#<XG'MX.N@=$
M_P5'


10#-$7(9?8


MFPNK$IZC8`O;K7$03E+X-\'0%EZT
\E*(K$!QORO&9B[
M88BC%RF(2`0M/):%(6;?_$+SO3

M8''[8)$:^+ZP@%D'R!7J0L)WTG0YWU!$X'&Z7KDSXB[I;`5T$'PHSMB0=B
MT`-Q]VR*R]!!&!=L=.$S6K+-PP-'MGY\V(^[Q5-1:(WD]GX2OCH3!2Y&'#`
MW,Y#O#TWS;G!7YM64GM)/G%_(G2(

M/YZGUL`'

6(E]X`CXLNLU*;^:3&%KX:P8X!SJ:B*@N'_SN

M`\#3*$XS*+U$1/R=&@PG_8\?09H%]#8-$2=WS/L+2IL`J84^


M&?TOD]]8!
YTAO@_FCKQ#E3F8


M=Y:3K:\ACI7X:A0DR9=A5A?]2_P5X$628E%T;.!/A-EYS73Q8YJO![PL);DJ
M-LO1;;W3)5J7@MAZE!*7@M@\ZG?
CF%IU
]*!^#2&I9WIVK!([UH$)LJ*?#0
;(9IIF2^#;EG7G

M

M:JJLJT\3J9=+NY4/W18

-#%+PYA334E)@!2&
IHX#?OA%(_M<W:0`:8$

M]0
/_

M?8F6Y/%1+(^XP\E




M$?2W!9)Y$L4
GWB+'['_!0._+O=:`C@R3^MEU-'P



MGQ_R#`=&I/WL



W58


M
+':R8#Z[95X854N![OC(0]--9


DGY(O_
M
NR*V@QE+)]DG7U0-4NS-I9/6CN436S6GW%S+8KW8L'PSE.EOV




M(VIPK\GOEQTN6HHS,6S19F#^^3WXNZX6#1]C[]]]Q'YY4I)(BCVRT
I
MC

+VC5/G?`N&@)(I










!K=2X-P-

M+G!5R-(5ZP=X4&QY1PN'$MWT6PTD&Z6]9N73$VD0+H-
D[7
\M=+:^_RUT
MIKWS%CKM.%OHZMCL#COW#@Z`C[\QCBH'VJC5$Q0\_V%!C#X;[=;#$S2/&??7

M$@YS+GOXE7//O7L4JS;YS[WTHC8KZ
T4V'V/GR&K*I4-JW(+E(VR3TC9I=X;


Q+

MY8FC[2Y
)26Y6C7G9:(RK?.$J]QW#AJ$O_\CQO@


M&KD=2&['[G^II%4Q3IW%$L%J
07


MHI*.HV(!X)\








VG`^N$X&7_//:F10.X.?!)75
7;.L2]^PJ.
?DDO];,/5#%U:'DQR/6]7QZA/QRR/I[7^,A7[[X'
M/[\&*?O*8(C]<!3R.[ZD-RSN#/X[2](QFZ3)'L8_G<6L./'XW94JL-3%=*%

M?[!H[L7L+/+F;$\0[7=.NH/!N&U-VG;3:B.5#09VRX*O&IW^8#+H#OH7G4;#

M

3P`F$=!H`G

M@SR:A9'+HE^/@-3GS
VD?=3N,!:,_O_YT3SJWPK+=ND#<RV<[%7]NIHG!<;LK\.RE&3V.27V?(

XO@&7@F!/:3<6GA




O:[\[
MG
_#-
%X
MVF@^JCMR?WNKWN?R=U\VL#O.44P`I-[&*@RI9=1YNEQBJ^-P82@`-7*(PCL


BM&^K.P5!K8_#@`RVOS\_9O;
MO86WZ'/]'3M+.W

$P&1FL8P#R6+V'P2VS\'B[9
M901/F\9I


Y#0`Y@ST

MX@]WCKORX6.@;@




%7B=+QCS!-@!4'A+6

M-(4C6*0I947WK
.)(E19;@!=.Y:#$@\`X!0/K'P1?EFET?S*B6$_\`EORV&=

M

M0Y#(0+AC@'^I4+E`=TZSNC6=VZ`]W6/6-S9PGK8

6D*1:EE
M=H&D!KV=)+5356H-CIL=154JRG+70V)+D&\R/-3X7:8K+:)P23N
'9\1S8O)
M9[?\:P;:!$HW90M\^$V5#:61F0IB9?EHB:X0CVI+:D`L%GEZA
*)84$3R:
M4PFWU6*AJUV#J1*F
=?)C`4C72
MXTTVPVAQ1OW
M4R:.<0=I&CEE\L45Z3!KE9H3HK&##CM;Z!TC&V$:#R(#ND*=YT0C4?18;VV




M




M$


M(.[


'NTIOV'-+X(D/FP&R^


OCA&


M@TY
B;24&H(K9VXQ-01+%81I-*=)F5&$E4@BDNJUV!6RG&)Y1'E?1-JH]U
M;Q(

MUH([Q`AP?P=]GS!Q

M



A=5E+'+U./
MEXG#4BLSWXNO
`\(






MI
3.=?Y:KV7\&:13
7_8#V^`KQL^G5+2N@#5'&/PJ((PTF_6

:Y-&4NESKO

M)-1-GOO^@VH0J#!V4R;.BA?Q6G.DS&%U(SBP*!0':438JC;%#43Y:W%J?#

M


ME`\QIW!Z@H1*0%0/\IZUZI3(
&15K$BU.!9/OH


-[P)8E%=D;P*+J\+`D(K2'7N`Q#EU?=
MF?\;

*#





ANK6T?'
MDGEXLV@!$3'!7XSPFO,@A1#3F&&M&=^[9G'1BCRNUS[#R6!75%IOB3Q#%LG
MXLM+]-S\5YW4V#9GO99-2EHC9X_$*W%P@UNOT8X5'6/5&RQT'Y`;B-=*`H4C
MXHO@AX*XGE!G\$C(PH7H\
Y^PUYK]?;\<B+)O;NO-A[



O=J

ZM/;BDZV3RV\Z*3<V4KNU=O9@4RY_-TF?I\(4)+%Y99F-^:!RWU<8_
MN/HD2N?B
L/8LO(<-P];NJ&N7#6//]AYNZ`[EUX^

_9BCVT8:,[(=CJAQ?IVYS=:OZ[)BSW,J1IW[R)4+#[K2
M2Y<EM^PD95``!V@F,L@&@YR\2##%(7_G+AAPQ`=0(F(5OL[I48UW'F`?C.&
M8&/79*[C=3/=&O#JWEX$IPQODOE]MLL;X*C^
GFK`&#.\(;5@=%8YN$CB!41
!E[FP^N[$/P5].8I4EF@<L0LB0T@5$H-[4RVBN_]<@B







6Z[A/K'J;IG
MXW











MLK=Y.R@0

M3?YLPATL%)+Y-^;#)-0H?8@T[++E*GEH/*KL=Z4


GPUZ6


MI.?'L9%3G]2JHNR^*?




;.WO`.<B3&J;]
8-2KG+_H90?+

N;5*V#NJ
P3HX5O
M5_7L*8\'E-2`G6S-G
:RM
\36^^6S#GT34.<M`7%.4LG4O*@I,)VL.E3$')+G+Q'*ZRUM,@V5R?
M&]<B!0O4+Y\_J70_)$:Q\+GI`?IUUN^-]WM7U3QU?


M1D/'3\7IV?0HF




M+&O
%'S


*74X!WH'T&7%
UDG#+:,G03WQ\V$,0
M7@L'1`'O&R!34^/6C]LCF20=-R5#&5C<AV9^VLQBS!F=O4+\W,,.W[;[G;6J
M424\?$.7W]QQ41J8=G%XU'0%#G=$3\7;\@




^FQ8'XBXH:;.+U%+L*


=DN25-MA
M=D/EWXJZ$9F7

L)TQ:T:KL`(QR)\QBMDP1
W'3T9!5$&H[R(


6BW1
&)3?[#B\^`//?@)M;/VB@*K9RNAY/*J\<)HI:I!(/TJ!-D%_
M#K#ND[#:PNC2`546*]T56\M_4;[0+KB

MI?



M``+I
_R2#O^DFS-1?

M8W/7

MUIV1/'E
%RJ2\F$:452$+6B]A@JXN4+#5)!:7D/NVI2X'HR-#35OAEH)1;V1
MG2
T21:X64Z:



NWD7&C78C<9+Q55W3ASYR6/



V1QGJND%.@'I$U/
!9JTA$@IW=.!%&QDFX



LR3+=?(-QFC);P



N^H\!!B7

M7\PDSU:MU-O=PJ6Y!9#%M4M.@&5XCXTO&-\M]T


M'281*PB=F5)=..N



Q/![9^<0'O(65YTN+


M?]Z
*\(#0+%ZQ`&*W(



Z_&7.61GG0Q/(PM7DTN6G:+-H



U<H-;:




*8?OW*C9BIN'MP7@`!7






1L_KUB/_[7`7ZQ3&@T9NC=]#J5PV]C^GE^N8<





M..

M/K0U_
0;T$%G\.@%5-+9\7Z0:IN]5M4O#LK%D\[#18+=;0Z4!97COJMIMJMW





MC:7S%_K^@B#%(%OGED)A*;([H3C9Q/A@=QH4`XMAK\[\*@M=]*(8V?\/'KY=

)(6+3$54CX
M86ALG^\XBUC/@G2==0@JSDZNZ.`
:L0ZOKP$,%B9&Z^(BDGV:K7Z1)&K$





8$Q\
/QDBY
/HPOPJ9

@F8<K$J82(:8`Z[


M&O_^YS_2V+ITG-7/YYC30*ELCC_B&6SGV*QAXL5S/XS3B
7?V8]DY(?SOWZK
MUPSCG]F;\ROFICZ+OR[&88`1B;QIQM?%-R_^:W2+_WOBS)
PR@:@Y`KX\(TM





YAE

/
MQFC%`HFRNB5:7=#J@F9%#Q(N&J.'AE&M+AP81KM[CJ-_JKI0.N5@R\G0RL'+
M*0=[3NK1C.?E0\4U1C5&-4;+C-$\MK/](I*H5)D`3PN?WG&UW#CNK!)^N?R+
M\?GTR]3Z?7KZK]]!N5!#K/





^RM%^
?P)2]N1BG7F
P;$H`I%9#.&BN`*#`YVWZ\&_0



MIWKJ:76JIT[U?`/X/]9!K%
--4SSV$


M1

/7Q
M$8
H$;'/+/A?$`
+X3%4;S

$WB




M*ZR'P-X'A[U[#L/?18Y]=K867F)XYO&Y\]W1H'N@O-^DS?I3T

M


MFE(/#0#



MD@&-.3YJ/3$86!U9$Y3^&
L./JR[T$YL1\(W(A/#W8B0%J





$]:#F*&F/$^C2-@F

UU)@BBO'(^S+


MY$:]1I-QDN2_$YG`457/!-(@VON^T**C_(3E\VM&-[-_X((GH1JR?89O)L
M-Z
?81UO[]A.)8/@F*+OXNLB*Z$SY3QS!'K'PDO(


ML!@14:03B[(5
6B%`5)AF




M0U_GOG

6AI:^RCT


M!U/[7/

MW'[LF?:^


M.6?



.WAJ1O:DQSE)K]GL
M%V#VJD!8X[UAG'Q=G#L^B\]WYO?OGS?H,:PT9X.3@;6Q&[VK/9DT@3^T6L`
M)YG8O?YPU#UI/:IOD-U_M9ZQ,_P#04+=[P@J)/5GF0Z_RVFSWPY'8LE&CNF


M9=M*+[!F0&@N.KT8FHK&'!C\)8N5SL6G:C-OWJ8ZZU_HT\.)L4+&B#%[R@ZR
M#9JB-Q.C9F)WK(YWW\Q6^/BFU[O.1O$
?6')V(FOSD2/QM'M'\#63H.O*^I/

]HU#CICX9M:]SH=*SVN`7JVPDH<MWV
+VLH=&]A09KFU`P<%^_:5$+5M0&VSW2OL;VW9&QH8


@VJ<O&D\W1W(`Q<Z`LJ!P1

'-]8;;^:U4+W59.5^HW*F;E:[#Y4[)K]EC8(

P#.CR+





:#+]D



P#^I
:1<XEX]'<
35]5@U`(TR3
M.`%K#]MURK1



/A!EXH2:!-X];Q#Q+<Z9K=?.2_.`<7''$*
MK89;V6-C#@%:%7/X[/\B_[##P

MM#K\8`P#YS3M9N4


'HX%M-?J#MM7N

3_

M0)

9O
M)P)M/*^R6W@FYXMW5^'U1UI0?DN'HQ&-R^OL2AS0XE'M$4JJ=?G6

AOU34%
8<'@,SQO+DSRB=P^*X$[^\K.`[7N`8RL7=<OR9?CD
MR@

.GMCOS

W5CMC&XYD':\6
MCJ0U^_J&M&+:QH^KB/:R[;K2VN=]W_YS11_I&N/^

4_/S$2DGE(SR-
WO
M







M^3RAO0L_G\ZB;+&^;.F^*41IR`*S6\G-@HQ7],1LD@B-Y'(6,'\%!@!BFR

+W23&?3B



*9

9Q'V9CB*(/%^I%Z8.\N
MXJ+.5KFXRI6U6SEA/+/DRB[GN$0Q9]`9II<9546Y;(EM%=UA/X-QB^#J*1A
MQ/B?6
)LOU3]
J/\2]5U^I)\+=BO&4MA
\3G=(O$VE!3=-NR07)L139
QP)!
M
AW9MOVAYRMAH`76%Y`@%:A






0MOVS
I!_Z#_9?RN


&


/M6/

QIV/8L[:Y







M=2_+6&-+[K[!NN976=PG/V'E\O4O_INZTOKZJ^#-SQ*)2$!3+2+=;WY+.=


I25A1
M-=]!2
1/2R)!\_1:$K&/(\I7TCP75$`2AQ'@E&`
M

Z
`Z%SQDP-0!Y7_3E
*
/BC5

6P3






#EF/)Y/L;!^++Y(&I:



G=`03)PC2)+H5
%;XLPD
C3P5)!&H
M1;WD:O4T++-[H$9-
M3)-2

MS3G;8R38AP)[-9%DOF0;66!A9T(SM&W;=Y%$]F==T%'(#7Q0G^J?/MI]^E9?

0
MFJ0;EF2:INC]-(\GC1GN)_62T\)YP]!:)AJ]HEG:FAN&UQP5AM=Q^+L)@_'%

M7=.L=[$%^+U2F-$5D7:_^T1Y7.FC[

P$8;OX@CB@68D64@G\4'ZI+X

MW\@::C)



M#-.R6NBVP-YR^/
I_1Q]K78#^W?N7

\


MB0:#F_1)L')H8:!5*+3Q*YP')ROFHV*T46$:%Z*?7CT55CDJH\OVK^HK(Z
MQ+818SYLM+*--[2\0QLG!J@6'I[R@.$J13/:S4B#L*;T*RM$?&$7@&C28438

M/88/Q[[CZJ+GO`:'A_4[

M

M15
8(@V`C.QB:R#MG5PMCKQ$P01C$U@PO9AZ&K$XGX@,`0M18F9#[#GI^W

'Y<PP+&Q626-H\RE8(@MM?
MP+XCN$\--4@!`AO]C;'K*81IZ#@

*H%`W%`Q<,U@:67GEB.)
M/*-B/(#!^N-('`YK51^5&P(A`!)'*5AY'D%-6X283$6M01L:.EJ1[D\C(F6
MFF`:)12WP(A^C0\(R1J;271+JSWJ$MJ1$*)%/;;8F6(2Q)$?E5:AS_K






0K*LBS264N,+UZQ
MU(W(\X]*CHI7M'UBU1_79YN$0+PNT*]!I5:5/0&QCO+T/`0&QY(+5$N/W<3G
M+BWW7)-,8O`6<+P_:E5\X,+S1A/^68A=(OS^*]61ZU5O4U)?W-21+OU'F_/
M\9PL^^B;BB?AKR(O]\/S!YS:EL57H_G!:LN87=#DT)7S)`(O[T_9D31-E3H6

XG3C.=TT

ML\%J_1DKZJ0X=@T`SJ1342N6N`&V'Y@_;.P_QRIS;.*?EWA[6$85+VHKW_NB

H:_39F:;3Q3IH:]U7K\V@\+8)0_


05D3/TL%3%3'1F)`=6R-)SS5L1U['=LZ;-N*=_*4

0HU_#:
NL':
;E+C4A$1G
1S%%Y_]F^Y

M\$Y6P%6W6L7ZPL]*!



EIPM46MVA:7]&#O[TY?1J[&&U9./JJ5JCJX;2^J\:$D/:EFF_FP&


.'C^TQ^__G.\&-.)QT
M&ML+[KU2)*JUB[=Z@#FOE9





T:
)\;OR7^Q[-.:%KE6RVJ=I5





MHVSFSL7KN;LG7VJLAL_



:P3C7(;!H[



P3/&G:QXB1!2'*12+
M9=<N3#3D'*&4TP@^P`2[TPAQAB?@TXO%KA%(M!)\-63R!NZ_GO<7:[SU\J5/
M(J0I,FP-&4M,G;TO1`1DH__;E[//RQ\'OWU8A\UMN4@UK
L!G[#--X#P0@-



M$;J89&D&?YKD9R@LM

4W1=0G#/C
^


M(RSN'\EB`=UV


@+OD`1Y


9R!N7X%CZ-PZ<@$?BBP..\B3*@*$S!XUZ6SS.?1
CO
M


3$1WN[W-1HD:(@*XT@3F;F
MQBF^[
9`_#&/4Y#H(K1?D/Z4]=P$IAN%FZTFYCDG29C2(5N@2_7%Q8';]'





M?;DWU`UY-!PZ0WVD#YV!
-?Q!54-_0^


M\DQ
2J8[-I93
EWS'_(9+J:-=;YZL[C*`B*UHUPS(_FG,LQ#\1-*L]]WJ96
M0Q\T[4.7+.M(P(^/D;V:9)EUQZ.KEJHJ#HLLC5V/XRU]HW53-=(-$ES2$D=
M`Y_-^J68ULS5*F^



MH8-4USZ=*\6JFU`3EU]^86G7KF=CI5VK
\RA+V/VU

L\
(:L=Y\


.Y=1/BKX3V/QWZ'_Z;HS:9V[%


+'M_LKC!*[RFZ.NKT95MS--GH#2S9[H^Z\E`S
M-%4U1B-GX
#[BJB4^:K_K_UO51NL4+(R%'F4[T?SZNW85ZC*)YP'PO]DGQR
M1:U7\BG\*HKU=U]DN`$DA^5\ZB6J9FCX4!VE'Y7-AQ;`U;I?5FQ^L-NIS_J
M6UWKLH


H@P6D20&_<[4PJIM\\,/6YJRNH=WREHL`KL(:1%,/TG+WA7Y+_UP
MG.5@0Q$K7F$AO\

7@AC=+YC*]]6V(W

W?\'30+6UT+#O(H
M

L
E8Y6/^%

MORAO0AHF/`A`VTE%(XV\TMKU;D`')BENQ-N5K$!VA_U)W!G
X=Y'B@1S]DX[

MK(&GJ9HR5#57







M?5_+G$(Z5!P6\CFF-4Y]`N=G-V(&HOY'M$*Q0)D11MZC*G0!`M2`;B/@I&6!

H!OFR*26A+:OJXZ/]M!;5)S775A]9QR)75^

MU7=(R$:!8XWA+OUP:6#J2]+'WO]GLP9]6@7&M6#BR8L-LXO.7XB;[`9`Q9
MEF$LJ




MVF@A-_C9[*`[.2A0P0+5+:`ZS

QQ5:]:XXXE(PN7OQ*QH@[$Q

YIC!:V88I)BM0]P%A4Q)2(63.\1U


\U32


!J,A3<FBVY9U72`(Q2[9D(!\Z@PN08I,4(:_C?'.65V'&WR:F0DYS
M=')(9:`\-H[_

MX

$]NN(XJ
M'!PZXO(2Y3(Y+P0G^\)!22O![
C*BZ0LC.?\4)%6[1%:8+&(70^H'&80,
MD80OK%H*EBGV2@9X.PP0E]$3N7/
S0EPES'#Q%XR
=B&&Z7X%=O(0QQS-Y;


MO7C)=[02#/_\$FY(4F%'\^`'YIH;/UGPVU*FK-V_W-G`VAM+






JSCV

?G2O

BXOPYJYLN*;XU?E9\3.(
MB.PFSE/QRY[T.4_2'

F

0L2'


MH1[:18;Z+[%*
\(]3=@B)B*A.ACOC8]`P%QP
--YD51

U



TEQ:(PF]Z:;-[(W8IP_+OTKZOAES]`<ZJQRG[!
MM%LPQN
@G4+`1R#I\[



MCWIM]K@.BI:I-D*OHK%E&6T^C



M^M
Z@^T
]IAB[H;3+YT)[]&$CP[$X=!C[H:8T!GL_GJNW:

MADKPM'R.]*$)2U)JRROO$D2+A

A)X0AM3-1?R#V$82A





-@RN;!U^Y

MYYA'WZ!\CB#&3GWLC@XP1M_&X2V(8AKZP5*


+E
M;(ZN1TV84W*'A&%#);5K8BIJ2:GF.*DL&I9Y.R!X57C7'






MP
7@=09KP.XM]5/`3=JZ[)A'UX;8*7AG!1NV[*I'AS[8*7AG!6NF;%K=::-]


/'6+`(I%SU1C+?99C?-#K&B

MONOTZCJ]3KO3ZY_



L*?I(54<CTS5<S?VJ?S7?O'=5RU;K
M4+H/3*$YXR&;,^2FN(JF\9)]\7^,?JQ8E+(!B]@\R`Y1RYKQYKWA&@T]/S-
MYIP_!!'[-+]$8I%L[$^#

CNX$+$@F5#QO\_CI//+`GBV4?VE$*PUH2@&H.!


%N3PF
N:V1+%+I-I3K\?9<$L/

0O(UF^9)D`4
?DT
)3.\\;QG/R?YJ/
M_`0Y&%(0)GE8GTZ#/%M\Z)NFIPXA-`R&'AB'.@1?
9V!8EBV=]D?J]K0&()L
M(#YXFFYXE6#V
LVFY


(:8&PP%1:%HS-_S2+%LQ`F'T
MLP!?
-OFW^/WM?
MVMNXL2SZ78#^`Q%

M7_^JJIMD4XMMV9:UF



7'MG-



+
UT]%[':EFC

/0%^]];U:-;OMQ#'=H4!':[




X(V5&$QGG


M$R
\Z`M/7'^2^IDK3@

MW'$#G!RD-/`9A85.]3?V$:8)ACWTYGQR-LE+HUX;X#$];`\CBD=!1`?W')X;

M



I@YAW
M9)J4&[T]HL_;;C_OU7RGC'?X
7+!/




GQ

M\#((2^:T7@

]K!U.!A$;*09&&(D.2H;/E27&;E#&/FP:-
MQPT9``;N]R95(0S*7F0LI=V'PH0`F([NMDK?-'=2T




M[4XHEC6T*FZ-T@5L*?+B']H



3O.WKV8K7V[$Y_:0E7K6[D1:/


\;
@5L(GS%F'MWC]TTUY!W*SB'.AQ#G21_N#Y6.6
J\7MC[0@PC

.:J*VWAK_/(7;;K1[.MZKZV9[79;LZU^5^MV6RW-&ECMGF&T


D_''S\41`B*7P94R3#&)ZI;?Q`5AH/V=@C:B

7%KB

MTT4)V[P'!J8




W@!SN2
DUT-/B]GSA1C]8(B[1
%OO)0E#)!7,090*@//3(O5%!<-.8CFNORG

MB


?PG@@*T5OZ`B?%%4'_`'




M^0FO(5#E8I2






M]L.[7_;'R(Y6





MO=&+/`\_ZO6I837



IMVMNV7;]KIF'LW




M[$+ILXNP#*?1L65+9;0PYJI

M?A9XCD&6T6GHI5LL_D%ENPYX[FVWU4[K[`J&*TKOO0L0I8K*%T]E67N^!$Z.

MEWVLHO

]X
M!SR^QR
Q&
3V`$+8OJR7L/!54'
E(C]G7J1V)+8)+YWX?Y@BAO'Z4(TS\-I









MN*'TV
1-8[JFBA@MA;\&P:W7ENG8]R;*PHU^L(1NI'9=Q90WNQ3`;AS0FFV:

LBDNY\0JOB((8K$)$LZ.4(%V


NBQ

MN3Y0@44T'@N8G;ZZ80$\Z=._O6:QDFTTF*P@=X,B,5@`^'FP#2TL0/PQ]/



M8%#F`V


M-3.1!




ME,5#GP!_=[A=WEKHL[!4YV)UDRGOQSD5:7YQM*;]^@LBIO!Z!8+/UP!=8)

EB#[\LXT&K8=MBG(.*=8S553-]PT8B]LUKX
M![I@Z`B:/@KKC;6=PD$R=(^



MV)A#%3


+UU

(\T^]N[DWF_.=9#GV13RYENL\P






K*(8=TV
MV@HL(`CP0OUTH`^Q;)84O6@Q\%\.(Y(VLVCQC3$H_J7.?P'U2F*Y4K
*HS
M#,OR3.1O6`)UKG4V5NJX6/)/)R&?GCCB6JU!55_D@'+,?N$)&1G5Q)RZ2C!
M_OG9]/_$;AFPK2'?COR_-1W!8D4$Y%X0P=.ZJ34K#&,:$2.9?K/R1^1FGO
M26;TM6$N-86\XF3F-5/`\(%3RE&48X7CF
6W:(SJBK@K


P

M%C(6AISKL_S#I;O*/XDP@I)8F5?:3




(N




R^OE3U:6H4;SO)KL),:-J9DM</P3=^BX$I[OSF!GMC
M41
34.003?N9M4V7J)C?M1IZ?FB(`)7:3*&PUFOXNC(LO.5)UONE/$1K&KEW
MNW`P]#C@4FV




M`F]Q'5((D/FS(KPW[8='#
%?CLPKMH$T%!$%-D(
DCDP#&SZ_O*)E3B64Y



M)D
SCB8





ME9$/-:%K-ZD&IM)5AVQ.TSERM[BJ

MB'A2^(4:UR


S'+;Z
RT`
MWM`=FX_!P8)R#X5=EX%GUGD?$IC.-!RKZ%V3?#?-3MJT)NF%VSV1EIW:&E

?WQ-

7#(Q`_C
MY'J&1BC^&OI3D93U.[L1XSE!YP33W]G$%:.)3\SL6
CM;5TB_N/A*8M`=
-B

$M??!X($[&=J@G8]`]S\Q28OTGY*+/50
MJ7$?=+=AVP


%ZH?
MH$JE#3(V-$=:L]UJ:F!G.UIG9/6T-C@PK4'7:8_Z@[VK5`Y74`PFCH]8EU&'



1ZB%P





M%:$/1N@#9*D^^MVFI5JMBKB725S;4&VC?6;$/;]X1O9([
HC.1*O@Z%RL
/J


M/7/[??X+%B&_W

M[Q8^G;CQ7)EF^

MAI&/:*8E#+-AUFO2_'9J79%5\:ROZ




93E#W




4*'$54S&J+$BZ@/5R8)Y17`#/&FC?0=JO8XZ\L#\EE6T=1H

M&+`8@U\OGC

NLBW`HCM11#O

MVRORWTA66=[0.'

M=L%\YE_0(B'--4:(8VP%B5T7





]P8BKK&/8'_S]ZU];:-+.EW`?H/7,'F`B




E&



MPU\SW*7OQU



J^+4UUBAWJW0X?GYMO9`:S7;K-]Y:ZN


M!:@@^#[I\Y[TV5:/7)MKKSRR]MN5


+4K$OAKCP@L(@`](@]



:D+HW6+BW%3Q-:D*G=3L;
MX&D21Z1)WNUL+F!


M?A-;S+@O_@#-L
@B[_'HVL.M(6_\1\]K
].9PLZ*/90





M
YEDBKIJV

MA*52`J


9



MWH_GZ#X&**8

M!.Z&FWA$$
NI84_4EZ2/



M^


`IDFUZV&0/J%D78
M4)@+?R


@.)

\$]!)0I?
M9_3%5




[I`%LU=*ZF&C8**@+








\VU%Y3GFI
MGJ0VWM52`4;S1PT&

MWTO6P%A&X.J.8F.:/Y0-+]1DS_8CV5'4OAKYIF-X)B^)


MD^##A/N8R`S62M7Y@FJKE
MNGV#U_NHIC#5EC

M7T\'[?BB?3%`$6.I]7HMP!G-Q#=/ILE4SS%0/5EB

MMNGH

'W$D0Z2&4PS16[V.0)L




A^/:R#I


O9U5JY$$_/PH?_BCV)











M;X3%D'?W-=WA9#
/

M2:MU)C'7;\*:LIQS-NRZ+R4PZGGL-13CF<4PYG/RMR



.91CU
1U3<UW_!-A15XF*I8Q[7%?&I22&=I/+J!4UO+X=#`D8SBN9]=1;0

N4B



M
BCU^Y&


MM


##FR381%
MH=


M%^]*5\)Z%\
6XQ0F=PFWUA2




M*
$*W;(
G/!K
V`2Q,',D%BF.VG(%J0=C?E\U8<0NAO4L7-8'TBKV=U&
MZ-E8K1
.GS`[1'Y?#DIQ2?B&P61?_SP7`G[`IL4AS(B@@@J]KUJPI2^9IK[T

;DUU8;(;Z[0T@C=F%#?QMWC2@]`<<A-E$K;P/EG[%*
MN_Q[`:/!^CF)^5KMVT*N/\#;F'*Q:6]6]-U!#Q!;X2*W!%%+O#;3LLN0N;9



\LBF\



M&RXC8XUZ$ZYD5:$VO`.9%!1(FUG!$FXT1'
?@H(F[`?GBBP3K18+W6%HH3





M].^3%)2*;SF^Z^M/LM`
S.O[OODQUL:]JC.[OKPJQI-7@MQM`PY37Z-+Z=

XFNXLPVO_8NLS*M:E/?8JOG=4_0
[N#\^Y'W
?ZBB_/I
M^QCY

_+#:(


@?O\[)


/-U13QKI(?Y'*;5


M`[UAV6ZY]J
5JL%L

M&DJDLIHX^)
8$R5!1-.8Q_H:](Y=VS?ON#FG)=O!BP)OF8G6

M_)A-L\F/8Q(HK%//JI2+.%*2!&$4@I\H.`G#
&!LD9+#4B7J4YPCR[]?VK

M

(H
MBXWEO`(2

'

M+

M7]`8^979QQAY=;\2?\@/7)Z
40.\51
G3L;H^98`C)$ZY_1DC!JM
MS#[&R*L[Q/7L@S[9H@9PZRXV@LJC-&M/MNCYEH`?=0E^25ND][-%JHC2^`?&
M3\:H-MY&FRYV@L#5



M_)*6:+VLJI8E\@I_95]
TFBM*C;(^R


1Y
0?T
!O/MK8:8L#[0T1.HV)EPA01(K(D5*.0UCP22?[WV^4E_]M&#+

M#:

2_C,&^9@`]AU1((P#$(30ZG
.([5ZE[I7$'!@;SC:Q<]RVM)VN%02U
M5(_):E8+R_B*8?/H7U-M262ZQA86F)2F1@A3-.12H_3:F_2%OLGAH2/+O(



C!?MV`4W[2%&7UF#^24J

(PBV-;&2A(V$44V(BAQ%$&(6!
MOG:8:!+LS=G?5C+W*

M1



MO)R7MX4\G\=7A2;D?B?R[/:S[`Y+DD`UHFVCVBY&L_':(R+/2WX8JVOWVP1+

;

62:W:MUU

E7

KJV4

MG'($VOSM


M7I:RH?]1'P6VJ*QK)EDE@UVYI?CT\'5Z

M39J*P%_*F;4`3CR8YFWZ_G+G[FXPG;X:V669TBYEKR%8E6$BFUT5HY^QY@7U

WP5?E9R
_R?DU0.KK-%D5TXY1
MJJR/'Z%;?C
I1VV_!A2QG%U70=PH2E='C:9


/H!$?C?
M+_Q?&*&6M7E+7*8'06TTYAGT=OJ3K:`LVDO*:YI$@41T3)E1`K*2)@(1GA


19A14XR
MEM`Y1DF3PJ9YU2K1K2AV\-

?#H(XC`CV\

M6Q
O1R53

M





MH/9_9+T#&)-;DD-Z4^W\)=53+[MZ](Z^X?%4[2;):0P/W'H:[`^E2%UGW/$X

PB(K55Q-D(


VQ
JP




)G`ILUM.O+6Y(:I



14OGG.1B\9#V$+&E=_*?[;AQG$IY*203R@=^%T1V8
M`J+5_[-WK;]MX]C^7UG







MON^7DZOR#YD0
4?-;=K(\^5N^.1DAX[@:K#(=;'Y3JR.2%-A!XPM3'V$`&'*B_9CK35
E*E].@[K*
)X((GWNLER3)`T6<^R]^
MK))R&PL-F$TS<YG^%(Q*RKS9:A59:O4F)7!JH]3@;HBA_Y/A`3W(CP(!2/'
M/Z(
63U-J*6+:C?KU7J\F`HNU\`:O2X\S=2@]/OAU^01L$^DR?3N\W.T16L[


M@=Y@?CA[+HE0(J3



0]9^@&U/5Z81CT1FE'OLO+K4



.@RU






90KDMZ]


MVRAB*-A@)B.G
X`7M@Q0O?B!N+T&0TCX`:XJ&U`G9
'($=ZL/^KU?8^/1LGE

N%_.IU&\
M:J!F7Q/U0I.%:3M\
QTGZV@?FXT^#$%EU?N2EW_)7U
.0X.$[I_E'G(9A:5%



ED;`AAQXN`(8V%K6?P0NX7KW,DH8$HX@+L.6FV#6`-8R_?0;_&H9H














_K8!G!BS#`!PPGP%^Z(ZP$E]R!_GMB1HK;U*)C7=
M<EW00?Z`Y3#O%JMUO($?R4WP)?\+R9M/<+)JH'P_IU@R2-T7YH_U@6@&'<^D
MY_``$Z?G]



$_2U$^SC9Q6B@?
M\CKP5&S+BZ)\&/-0&?13'F\.
`7R82J_+^'JN8)L=4&4C]/HKHSRD=/T:T#Y



K2[N$[SS#.A;$;`)45;`WB7)Q;


M;P'W5?

M'\[9FG
(S/%I=XF+.'8\O]U\G\\F-^(8Q-E
TV@#FZ.^W
?+S8_[@P6AB[0^







MR';GWZ



826S+5:R
6`)8^MP





MHR^CZ*PSX6&
X4QX2.=



_3I*VD0FF
'
_G:7XR


XN'#XWSY')W

M#4*
@Y`X)'2YX_5]YH34=1T1Q?5$[.7WL!]^0W`-[D'%G4=CKHZ2_I#R\6V_
MUG`^^Y&`[52I_QWBT/&$KB9K9%7`S1IN*]BI3PI\^(/X_7D7H[S[?VBCPI

M_^.W;7`

O=EZ
M'

MRXY=H67.2H')=KDOSX]127HB7\.0M9]VR2X_;V*E[/:F4WK/O6@QN7\8QXK7
MLK\1H66RS

MM%.

M.[:FX.9.YB&V`.2PA1UV\B9-ZQGVVX*EI\N8-:U3+3YQ76BG8OJMI=`VD+


M.5&\]^%62;

N3.6Z

M^#X:3ULE+TH)#3@
._J^92DV*93WD7!BPA\B.E:E)3NOFO5);187\BU;7ZLC
MKF9C4@O%U?5*FNR5M%(!N@ZIURYBV2'E\8!YPO_Q`^('4N#8LFI_ZIOFVY]Z



/:JV^6:E@G1ETQ0ED56Y9Q


M4;P:I6E9*;G3FK.TI@T9_$Y%SE.1)!?&26!K=T-EN=62'_TBOK)8M[=7HE1;
M+


M5!$[E:*35`$
/D!;=MP*H+!MVY!3DZED9O)TJP=1NI4@GY()ENR@J2K-




+ILU)!/
R?&*
!\JZA+10.OKIXN'@M=`
(
M)C3$W@:@RVI(UN-AKR2G7B54I
R


?VR&&L8O.&)H78IC&J5&#6-X)NL:!VA^;NM
M47);1:T1R=DXKL(I.9.KTG34W`BC]L+Q`B@(J(7Y[FE^;=\Z8S&(G
X+SM7I

M


3
*XTXHD+$8X5R&(15'NE(GA&)=





_WQ\EI:PHR7(
M;W+2!E1L$ZSMMC`?1R)@G*]8)SN#A:W24/XH'@1'\4%*3+420L$+F]J%YG
M+#$X][$LM:U;F6'9`^+IU)1QUT2/]7=(YAW)LH[(7
()HU?'Z\7J@TI78(
MM?%+EG8!:9^Z\XNI




0+O$8NZ(JU
H*#L8`_:@\_QX\N5;H(R\T+%]18P
MSI3H/Z8X61T(%4Y_P+-0RZFKZ.:I`G

MMVKJZ;9
IX/




#$S
#
S



S-V7A2+16]DT4-*3GR__HK4NRU*E$6%9/J^Y,4FB_44BV2Q6S^
M]
^753C9(

QY.\X-&?_S1)


?:]4#^F&YC?5NAP

MALJZ7S/:N^38T_7(7EF-U&`*?+CPY'LDQK,[25F?DA80M$E8C[%:SZ,ILOS
MA,%*RMA9$(B!Y84#YLU#FM`([-QCF$V7=Q366IBU.7E0@'FR6GET^J!'R.8
M
5HMV[]G:)F$MS314C:T3%3

M/PY&UDU9(XR;:`


INV

M(N;YO`G-0[M?*WI'S`K'*S&11


8S[?@AV\1!2F
M@'E
_-]U]VVO9EX#H'XLK\+VKQZE?$?R.MW3VMIKPF4L68F=*@/S-UB0*Q9C

DYL=




M-7Q-R2H]%EEX+P/6=`726K?'/FQE8-WWTH

D0`$?TMP23^)L2(BB*``4V8DRHH*@
-ASZ_!@


@


M@&%[6&M:-W`/#/V1P
QYM=%_0JA&74_4C3B%69#_U.$SK`\V*02@0)R;8C'
M6*7^#SLORYI;7IT:33'H;2%GXP@ER%

MT

MDJ
Z/KI;





%
M$_S7SZO;S/*FDH8X7L

.FRJY
I:891&F*-GZP%^_E?9-`::EB
M`L

Q1[
($%^

Q2@]&I_

)YP@5
[QC%:Y?67E*SV/#QY

M]!+E1]=0[AB




MTO9O7?!/0)
WF!&Z/7ND2%!?B!S7@OEKM'LTIE3%3$`J`[G
T`9%+9&SU3)&
M`NPH8?Q6S5)ZWELM82[

MBCPNL5;*!*=%]EJN-A(^ZV6

M:LX:)^
Z6FSW6C1LU:IQ

M4@BFJP&&'^?5VB]+?
9]^'1#^

SF8VA

M`T5ZQ:


M)Z:GV2A32$?46M=0(`/?VHB'V0


M%2J:Q


MNNVC7]WU3*


MD8A\@U+:(Z??C#147
NE7%R*_S]


MZCCY5


S#4W.VX&^?DDS9#S1J5

MV;U]Z.3;*;IEU.


$]S0




I([+?K**X;FMQ


M517U;F&S?`
?9+7C%_:566_J8XQ0[OPG=4


!RVUVDT;SV

M)(:?7V`#O4I6M_SJ5)X?ZAY(TZ\D\GG




.#X//?_WN?\$I%BF#!3S=)]?2(#
IK8I










M7LO0$.Q2DEKV_/F9;=#




M
K!O#<]BCE?E
M.BUL!=_PQ\[KGM7G[F$^RGR@3
1ZG7L

M5%\J5IR9-YLM1=3`P2:K4UXE=:&


M02F
6?Z4/0&R






8^@T--U]1'B`FG2/1
I;.GA]Q]5Q^)5N


MO:'I\T&.+E'Z^R:Z\FB$HT=VCD#'J@&;/`LD*4-0F]@?0


72+F4[S.@TT\AKE;GB(&A00W




M[%20[$\GO/4'6`SAG_\#4$L#!!0````(`-%VSD)ECUUT6EP``
M.!P`5`!P`

#$S
#
S



5[^^?WKX
'NXO+U]_W__SW_^3W_[+Q\^O%LLWETE




M


MV`?ZIP^?/G_XZ=
/KR1X_W_HAG_#2806:/DNA_B7=+=%O[XGX68;H??EW]88







YLNO*'WP


9;:DX#V/)QG='ML:76TP7VC%/ZWH(<O$08GH'




/S96WK

X6C@3I0,FH/O$&@YE#ZE=LN0*;J
MH1ZK[*+5]G6@FMY;U[JP1B1@E^OE$OG4?/6(-ML$PTM_%<*?,**A#%UQ:%M7
MIS$)I966G!!R?+I#HCUW<

!?:]
B3T=Q0)ZE
MP!&?`3/0GAZ3&OBE^UO;:W=&D/5^LKD/[F+W&TI6V-NN`32,O.YTX:\X-C`
M2(-







/EC






+4?2&'HWI5

M/?&X'B/$



:P)JVAZ&`V3^DQ&8^)F*/%`%
TQA4+XX9=U?
M+MB-869@/21XT9QH6M);^*7QQYN`_JK



H)'AAZ36@9]JP@EF#6,(?NU/PM28+O873L/3WY
MV01LM1*6E?S.`90]U@S4)QUHBF*%P/A:JTUU0Q.91



M




PNXPL!:F
M=HI4X74]H/23[8^)!$KBL)D*5=M?%`E4FW;JC7;WQ`)U(0.R`I3VQ\4J4-D
MNGTJ'$?PS$B98J

7





MK
&@_7%MG39\&

MEM3.J.XYB!NFT\YHLJO#6FTP[8`K1QBUN8*\&KZRZK\+*8%=
!8]3_;&$73'



.?`*/*GB5R@98)1



K
M=6(8'D]0E
!*.)YXJ$&=.N
)J.)Z;L832'7DI!A/R)2R7V

MIK

P]N+T6*D2#AT2CL(@I0!-.6$R7S`=-LS[

7_SC/[4!D+UCR
MU+`.UF$;U[TJ/5.@4@X7]:L&6JDZ+B';50ZW-H.V%=S;<-*PU47K&

VP7:




MOI3$]Q5S9H0@KFVCXV):M!M0_D#9I4IAONK
!W$`4SO80?Y[!/V6P$WC9&ZJ
M+6#FK(KWD(!HS;$#(S%B[6[N[V9+Q!!^`45'M1Y^3I_1?S'0F;N5'[BX=B


[P];19JA07


E
F$O%'4K[.T5X7MA+U0**^SM%=7EL%<K

!Y;_8:[*0_++EY8$*:4

MIEH*7C

T#@%

X<(%=5R4L;!0[;9






M^Y^-=-W9;($V11MWFJUY%[Z@H

M%31UH3K9\&IH0ZUV[C4V%AW7W[R0+#6HF5*AA3%)2;:.3&W
^_-(RFQ_?A




M\F08L;-+/

JUS3*!
MR9&KA%60YA
'':FI6KZ-1_B5K)


MV$D

M3_E\55)2;.ZCUTF
Y
3SH@+#

7&T(5!.L
M@+\*

)':O#].[__=$

T3(E&FHFK6_`G6&2+XT@NQ[(]#W.;LZS[
MX
R7M



`[




IXNY6IC(Q:J9$:!S!NF=..G)3H:#X4;FS%


M5Z'-R_)P3Z[F=
)43Q&R]S%B:%IU?(X
52ZXGMLP:AH(5=W
1OPAM'Y
#(KL

M\]X48FCI$*



48$B1ZIEDE6

M`H?O@U#.
4J')R-PZJ*=/


4^`_N`T4RVFMV[*A?V6N0'1;E+B*UT9+$18_Z%!RCX

*BV3



MY._(/S%)L



]=
_%6)L]L1W.C[V4V.S%U[]&(52B
V.

F^(CSGHD/A]*@HX;B\UM?M51%B)()=5[]G18@QB'Z]@@`J4C@N
M&FJ)\JBH


MURG$







MY2L




M6?5M
(G)'SV%6YTSW$I72\WMX5NE_(7L&0P/7NYX$]`_()K`/FM^(4)ZBV88
MP8`*X?G75-


T4BL4

M1@CSAF$I2W=W%&V/]92Q$1W\

?O@\WQGFJ(R3Q!YFOI3X&@4R!H9P\Y3\08




MA?Y\N40XC%?\KQ!$TPX9?01[
51KGZ1-KK
[9-T0




)#2'F`Z_D7
X:+'-B.:BIU1G7!J0#7'K9ZT80O=4;?SU7S)T8
&T$LZE&
;Y*#D.1+YZ4GS<TAQ/E-P<(W7H

:5'M


3,U8/)#`C[YRUUY\XUA[FN$$@X-M;..M@
+0
MR_+-PVB=9$3


M([X[8\FQ3-L?Y:V





536R.


=`TO&T60/98

MZ9D::R%0K,+EF)Y3*55'Q?,PJUH*\BO+AA_Y?#EVJW,FW5'Y@;6WF
H76Z
M:(SFNL.9S@K8BDA_]N?[]P5Y]9.3N8RGA6S&GA:6T-J9@8QN_SU+&J@R^I


M/[G]`]IF68/)/$M)ZL5!&*]44*E/TU

MDN'^L$LL







MZ7RG



T$S5*T[Z-





PIN
M$GR3I7_6OK/Z=_'!+6N-]LHV2'T`#%/N+D_A9W

MUR0+M$UP2AF%
'9WH

M8XQ`?I+*Y2-,2:@K)G-BF%_
:9UP^ZN)#X(TV`CF\4;1OF4U:PPQ:-0


B+=@YMD-A):6Y^EH54Q$'4K:E0;;2\WXU8W;XSA/V





]7#ZERHW#'`

!6I35G139%:MD9*
M1:&WH@HIF;0E

M)^NT%R?25Y1R6.[41*EFX8TJ&
!A%J.)






MSSBI/RCKE-Y^G+0UP&A[`C4B#L!'V1(.T`5`8\5:BF:)5QD^Y%04[J6Z*V5_
<@V&P\W4V+J?-7E]!A.8&)#_,J+0UY3\8S?^4$\828;L(7=J?1]O%#091D
M6`FB:OQ`$


!3-+-AD=SB@SV*MKC?@OV53461);T42T


%ZW``G



MN@



10#E0QXKZ^WFRC9(?0!8IA






O+U+=
M^\IP%K05_Z\)?4(R&`9O=


#[Q/EK(59[:B










R99[+*M'T/%H:I6/HT+:



MPM
L[




M$M







%G))YMI
?ES.87*X(MET_<:=')[-`OC;+O
M?6:G37:['R-4488@\YG$1=




+[7X*^
M0#Y(C;





:-#+VKC.;FE;_L86
J



M!DG\C\R+PF58EK

M!_);7G7X-H;K&B:\;E*:-[&23H2'0\6#XD#JA@ZRE05A)VV6

A5`

MWXXE&/?-1Z=^35)$'I.;
`9A(O2B0Y

.EH!,.-Y0R9$M)@[&FZ2PI%3%6O;3F;EZ69Z!1'D89]JCU?H!45)#MGU
M*U6[D)`WR\S4TRNGJ
7@)ZO2]A



F+?H6NZU)8:P!@
MA:JKPIB$%^V`Y&?7I2]))T*%L.N2EW2$9(6RT\)6BSF]PM)5B:H]5*;T54A

L#N1IUW'-S4]W2]$30
M

G..G!'&S;Q^9+:PB]V]/]O/!]V;XTRZ+#2%'(PY6).


MF_C[^4(*=94Y5_@R.%BH+#')
)



M7E70%$Z?!.C)0#8)E^


1H:XR6
MIC
](KRAQS6Y$JUF5NRC8O
`]MB)Q4XL=F*QHV&QG`=A8K`V

M$7LQ\7RZ-]&JW4YL=\AR@/('R.86*BM
+'IBT1.+'@V+5GH\)L9M$^.^3#:;
M








\1WMB/

3\
7






(W+K`.0H0OO&*-G



-S)9FHQXSK(O#




E%]DGPK@`
O%6






'K\F30S
M_SE[\$__^_^&^

M9[/9_
S^RI^._3_'3
IUN&56TE`029^@_WJ7/?:._NJ=X[Z;.S]]BW=_^A^T


MA?4[T@AOX?]

M#GUTY^FBK*_4Y55
7?$ASLJ`GX;ZD0Q1?E;5!G8$*IV'!;$7B@;A%&0O!
MUMZ+'YC`3&_%O=G?$AR))0_[KN9DYDA_?5?+[9;0M:$1)/;\.!O?1Q?/,1)
MY&V3K#6&\3_^I/'S[G^])4*@@C'X2G:XDXFH5(Z:_'7PP-]Z?E`7J$A$@?O
M?OOR)^3O_N-/_NZOSF:UF)^?_W4Y6ZUG[E^=OSI_^A^%+)0)0W]DXOZ__\[U

M'VK;Y.=.['D(@E?6I\SF*2/H;P1M$';CJP0_Q[4OU?KXR&S8A=O3
PX2UC]T




MJ0E4LP@0B2)


0[SZ'?E=Z&_Q3MQO='T;8,U.4S4]7UN=K]VUDR_CL8%]
M+AQETA$1CS+Y9Y-V,ZJUO2F0.QV0P_2O4Z)G,:9`'66H`X+:3^5K@QV)'%Y





M[T8'B9?_./G'9R7GQA%OEIZCZ*S?7[B+G







MM(


+S8)OX+.W?5EL=O
MBJ:@8M5(^FN?$EKFMWJK@2O7@UWMY9H@J@K](U4&9=J@]Z^(ZD-C6ZX1*E2



MYH
PW.EX
7^UFJ^:=('-
3`
3(
/6XOXH


M]$H?AHH!#4TZK!
O:^PGLE`J#!%IB(J#X?TP5`X
*CVR#X-6I3F]:G3DPL[0
MCF#;2;`9I;B420URBVT!
K@]




:Z


M4!FM+BOCN@_5

MZ*++@










2@TC

MK;K\XAUH^8:+Y(


\K6




[1

M!TTNCC1:U[ZAL7+2=.]








M@180\.BE-ZDLZ:[;O%32@2O-`TP\IDA\
['^5R

!
M0)4_2OJ7;&$%]6].29QXP8[,''0_9_D5R!0TD.[0*FSG


`$Q$GBGC1-TT8Z\.?CD]Y+F*Q4D29


MCQ[QEM[W/[S^-^2LSM:+S=G
6;%'%NOYF;MPJ\-P]I=2GZLMWI+.69Y)5?3-
UG`VSN<^#RW2I?;9-H2X%BK

YS2CT@69#TLQ\
MK/DV$(


M1K$L#0YT2,&U.P+&@+BF_W']+KEO??M(HYQ$FM,K]O?A:Z2B'M4Q3K4G*6


W





2A8^A[9KR;LG1/4R

M=-&%
%HW/!.'F#PP%HTT&T`]`-T3,4!LZ?-]6KL4=ICI,OUHD8^X_JYAY:'
MS5^OEVBBF6%Q[LSF^?WZJJ=DPLX0$6?Z8OT8J-0$GPI4V]WZ,9!9QVP]I4N
MU*NL

MY82U)UH?AP@*$ETT)YH;EJ@BCP=4&*I(F[8VA3(2C('


0(#HK

QQHS;'E1%SM(:B:6WB
*<DSK9UZ@+85<65[;!'^E&9.]8*O8OI:_8G93

MUME)E7036LDBSO%D_QT)E[T$S[94$^T
=G-GTTHU+M


$R+2AVJZ^;H:7.,]#
&
B;8TH\(=@QH3;%CRL


IZKOWUD-@M\80\
S\TV&W
:CT


':V(ZC7E&2OJ_?%!MM.JSSNQ!XUCOGTC08^



%-OT
M



Z07^5:L)G:?V$ON@QV
M'\D,K_;ME(\:8(FJ?=V%]O/UW*U1@\]/J2Q$A$JS2PG1L/E]L$U-3MT'(Q2



(UV?7+JN-O?(!#J5



M6






1TL2
V(H
F[W`5D$^#X^3.2S!;/]G=8O)MR:#J$=\U-X6'











M1VY+K@/*E$CG/5P-E.J!
D50J@E+%I#JDH77B48V+5M^@/;L
)/JY9N`NX_3
MA



8'='T#!B-@4L?HT*.3S)]B5I'GRX5



MO-([(Y*0@G


M9]LXU73(-EK5;#/)ID4L7R]

MH/



M

M5/R%7FU_[\75B]WT$*3N%Q^C*4@BCJ_?G%RU6(7_3'_?7;ZL)K2@72MF3:(
MJ8.8/M6GJ$:61`/3MN7],I7U[H$99ELV3'JRV:H(,R)1E?%IK]A:71+LTS$


M$6$@36K!88AM+8H3OWK?_.?3\T40L'S

Y-8M.`^#JLT


YAT?28:K]4@PWMUG2WYSF




M*1TS(:B0`K5K/!#/NHKG2*3`4DKJ1U6:B%'#NGZ4;D*S*/7!BY]:OUGS#1`J
M--3H4%IUUJ!$)BVM1$OE075/XP!




MJ%



MDTEI*1NH]-Z+_:WF9^;/`I*(*:!_X
:1
XA)LH

*#;4W$K%AS)N
M&QAQ&Q[\[6O;4?.VMP`94E-%NPCP9K.0
H7+M.`8^)A@\S'8%1^#%7#Y#1
Z
2U\K#,
M3T:0;)*VP]757EI;9LFU\D8S&MLG%14O2^]2+*DBAON_X.4#@P;#<6.AD



G--*_\

N*VDUSFYUT)





M
2NZ6?X[A?0Y3/X+)P78(93HU9YMD;

U8D\
MFB58G\%D?/R:W


M8O#P;Z(1F
]8Z:1M&IH?
H]'+[@'GH*_8?G^@#'OFW]\C6^HEBWV645H89


MNZ$D7I5&]9
9NMF68?HZ^H

M44DN&$7&PNI*L)YI@C5('PWOK'&IS4C&B

MZ+N64Z



TYJV32LHLY
M?FE5M5$\;)A'`PJ^K!VGQAU;ZMF
!


M+A**#6


ALVR8/)IH`I
N?S2:KWY3QA^B%L7038`*U1#3#:7*\4.+
MF7HHUP\5M**4*F**-61KK5E6@(=;K3N`Z2'OWUJ
78/&38_K4FV5PY&OLP
M;SZ(?@HC[#\&')TOSQ8Q:9MO-6C6@6BG6-O,IPZ6J6HHU^T[)&#S
VS8WJ!





M;Q45S0+-LXQ9JDQ_6JJP/


L^:1OVYY-CT6


M0:B-[LK6^OR\'AZ8/

M

M92EBZ!H&XBY`KD&1IC)NR66E?



8MJ@JCH6
MI*\&-VYM='8FMF[8L.[9.:U,5YV)7O?0-GI8[[Q'E/?S\]`7@S;S
R
MVU
M4]+/LS/5TT1%ILS;#XC=;3II




R

^ZWE80LHRC71

5G4N6`!G\
^\QG'\9^25@'LMP(V-G'N[



';Q;Q=M_Z&J0
MK=R6,$)'6(NW,\*2T:;_($MH7?OCQZB3,?OG85TG%^ZY.^\?)][4Y*N7:73

D*LSN
$#:UUUZ=);K`2LQ/`Q(4H1:&0:ZFD8G
M#)R_L3!08L/`
)!9\VV$`99
9C17XM*L#@1




!E_
M!T
HS31!75[@'177KN


M)FS#PA`S2Q@@*K^PBMZ5?]*Q*RQDY.#=P&B2'[H;8F^(GKW0]XMWP%3-\$B^

M8%^7F;WSXV




^0^5^F@6\=G[1=5D0X/=N`



9U]^0

2?Z(<''.]GR`:$'[



MS?)'Z81-#LGM8@F/6I?(5*_`
JGSNL[
F:V45()?U1H+98U--HP3U6[70IUI


MT:B




&
TMZCS79C`4YG`^/AC
M

MY9DHE
FD'
^DHE0L&)E'1
)6M6TNV!C1?!MBQTM.LPY:%F^]7
M3B62V=G<^FOT@:
[U9-@%L16\SB;MVIF@!\(\)X!69ZCOD=^=56CMG4=E4W



MZL1E1122&=..=1CEQ:'6%0#QVZ!K
4*5=%?S23!74;8RK+!P&V
X]K6MM]NZ

DC/



M4&-^!9-'@I!9*0B#=]L3F:26YJ42HP&AJ[,:8D5G2QM1_XC3#=U

M:8G6'`P+\-JNIB4




M(7Q^#@-6B2Z^2)+(?S@E=`!S'WX@AKXYLLSS)$Y)=N3&D&AZ9-!/3?W
9^?E


<;E*,!IA.JNFNW;GGR_Q,8-9`
M6OJR:++P/'^%;%6$&L&_4$;`MO:F
=
UA+BKT(D$U!'2W


L%8(**5!]

<CQ39


M]:@B0TB`C+'JIL`3

BOMQ3#M%9A`













M'[']G(^D_[NC*7
N@_HQA:YOPU)-I)*^+RYF*LYELA$5CIAT1
1;0[_!V'G7
M53/'Q%.R+-


@U[HJUD

HE`?+Q@(A9'MR]';8G2@
MDD#2%K90(#];(
$Z!0.;20!E3P$S4#][W7*^S&XTU'UWPE1]NASLBD/(08B4


C0'-$T%)D%U
BTZ#Y/$/
X],F:?PL+MZ/D;AZ^5H]R-5+UA<']2H8;N




O'F*V

M0


!T_G`B
M$370(&[V(`Q%T]:U+S%NEH+N
Q4WEWV`5/J(+?\=0L'EC5GDGB#-\.[]?O
MONHO@+*A8Y!V9DZ68E#`INZI'X^


6A/`WN

M


M#CBARA841E_]Y`F]]X*_T]]=/./(WPJO0IGKM+MSH=J-=S2U+82OWJEU.GA2



ZU_MDV9NO0H(WFK7:UA?/7


6W!ZIGL*%;@+*U-5
]KZCM
[R
3[8;P6B$$F-ERS;3G=K/%3
WMO`VKV3V2)03+QVB?-G&&

M[6RJ[FC9B9O+N\P4=$@(BVBHDE[N#N^A=2]ZHF;Z$#_OL?6K1UW8DE;$-W

M8^)G_:I]C0TT$/F3B`4-X)`DN7?]RG-'L4[K(OG\0_&M[V&@`Y9+KH+P^X
MRSI1

XZ$Z4BDCYD^62[003/7W/EZOG+XB7(F


$.[1T8L2



[%(\J*^^;VMXQS

S7&!.F*@-\:`MG!Y7+1N&:U?_JRL


M2GVT$]S



[+:UXQ[+*L*.^^;V\N[B#73<&@SH
M1W4;.NZK8!L^8YH\0.X9I6?,$K5H6'MKDOA;P4'^/J(P&C5$X.;8?#9^V#=
M?T_U5^WJ&V1UT\EKA*VA!.?B19:Z^#ZD^6_H%QZ^+T7^UN=+Z8A!8K/[:II
MN]OZW!$R'N5MT#LPO)5J!6_6C@6!861CU$('\A)^BI:9(@GI'3IJBKC4B`7A
M960CK+H;X=T#;86=F=_YAU.=]:$+?UX(`ULFO8=Y60H:9@
?[88[^)/!-15



<R44;C@=C
M@W7@P;:
?\9&S`8M55QPD:$#$8L0H6L1D.4_@I@H5VSO![O\5!XKO]FVZ:;]
MOLDE/UVEM`]L+F?+G'IL\[AT#(;

M\^M=O7KR@)6)_,!T=8/B!L0_2Z_T4Q=FO+\M7O7OPXC%X_8?G!%]W7S9)6

&\'
+`?%2NAOPIYO<M(51ZG2[;%+N<\9
MX=@(V!BI;I(G'&4[/#^D3/KQC%ZG!.:3VN5J!%*88ZQIZS].WL'?^^EP-YT8
MRS/?M+P!


4_.&B_$WR#!IET
MILKDA[Z_X$?*)NDZD/1YDY-.F1+:1_W/UTZ=\5MATP:T*QS%'`U8A03ZYA+


M
8A`K\_J!:-&RV
J@_R\QQ'

5XE!1J=5@7UV.S[&VYG'W\&D'U







2_%F^`HS5'[D'5LH4L9BPM
M1?._PM[C8//`P39Q]R2=MHW2=?K'CTNK^GT@A%KRVH.][5)QN/U&^QP+U[



DSU^%N=E
T[.

X%



7\AO
1O5M-T!&D6URG#F&
MPKK+E&OW/+LP6&H65=IE]0+*+=.)9=XV*AJ'OXIBW'1NW71G-=MY==N%O6QG
M;)P\)A

J/'2G^6M((;%4X:^XK!
SH
90TYQU

D&G]EHOM-CKAW;7O/5#=?!RWW-M1


RSZD65(3:GAP#E`
#JF7N-P8RMX'LAU38CW#S
MNA;R%+




MT=.-4:\B^PQMPYA
HLD

C:!F1`<$KBA
1R6B&3
M5C&Z^.I%NUBXT*7UBLDN7Z&']J8=&5CF!






`
\O<`&951M<#W?FZOG!P'Z)4://*`3#7QH%;Z;KV
M8?.^`?)X*SOT\%KJSY+(V)OW6MOK






+G)SC1YKKOV'
+HC
M8\7;PZDUME0?AHPE%4VT3TPM%FM1[&#$)6&J#BX4-$?E2`TF$E'PGZ0^/Y




`Q\@+Z
MNR1$^/EX%\QF7:]D&<QR+F4$<*')
IULO/(4?`.^\\/)^(3]65L^7-P$:Q0


JCB:8^3:**
MYJ!JOEZLEGD/5W4/-I8$NC(Z$C`QHPT`:^W[QD`G9C5#!]G5M5IW.&IK`#2

0?!9S;$YP9
@J-

]5D=T:-@G.MVEF6VF
_%!`
^HC
EUZ%G9Q


MDZFZ
T




M

@GXE%'A<^<






5L`VG
SROI6Q)56N@P<N.X88




(+=1OZVPU*
M/VY'7&*Z=/X\Y80=*3RK`@UW9&IHPJ39TWXZ(Y.'2F.

MV

IA7&'/_=X:UW.-R&!W_[*KMZ
MV_X\T&A0J(RFH\PWSLRI#@JY.)BIW7`H3A

MQ`%X^

?
0NCTI-:



EF[

CMUQ
O[=
MAPD]!OYV6%=Q1RV:%9:QBE?7[2?.VEZT@5_7W0YG+6?N9E&?78HX9L5!M#$A

M9[57



MN#1ZOQYE\E`F$(QGXT!D!+LX'
*O]`1




M8?Q

MGUQ/^M=4[:\JASAJBZ0FF3USJ4QT6K/XGS'7^2EOAN]7=QA=\EW-/
TKFI





OV/G!(SJ$



MH`YWC@++`8+5RO(1L+E2;)!

QN\$ED1
MADZ)YP=X=^E%`5$G)@/\$ZVT3EC_$9


M1=#CO





MKI=HT*3^`@Q1:EIHQ^=Y5A.S2I5R6*;RP+DR!%^E_XEY_Y.4`.XD``&H(_$^

S!PAU2!?M





M%R@U!WYC?F38@%D


44OXOCTS*K4

Z]']C

\5M
[.8'Z(-WV-)4(G1Y]I/G1\QZS%_+





3


MIJXKFAXSR8B+1D6+PC^0R1S+*FS)I'=:4[$0([;69L9`).;\I(@DH_X\+&

M8!J[L$C0L`5\/JO^?B_F?#?K05.=C&_HILN'4Q21GSKS6_DZ$*E5.FGOGZ\7
M

5M.
?#S\FLP?#O?D8=QVF#$[K?1Z



MA(+
G/MHJCN?=)R%(P@F68NHU&1ZJ(PUBK)6P4
E`G.R^?:<;1I)-B-HY\]8)OG<;O[BMG:8C18
M3J8;^Z6#`'J$E+T'PD:)


M4YEJY+4


9UA1'&*&^9;ACH*84QZ[H5H$N=1T+UB)Z




#UMK-NT@U


A1U_PZPT4:2

M#4]^W?.$6F_!%D6N=FUUN7;NG@N.O4I#%C]TE;9L\W$U(W93'5FK6
KFB*-/




M&1@3:
UL:Q#(YOR)@7S0``G`6)DC2N@GM(Q%7-(?'`C?@N=4UU3GY/\(+KPT



MCB_B=5?KC7


MS%(V4%!G



M?MU/AG6$C[LLC2YGR]EJUI7W

9[9Y8I9?:




]]A.\NPHXR+&=

$T5@Z+E.PCG'*O
M+GV&GP/\2!?2W]CG6-//D8LX0S%5`G9=T'Q$&6J]OQ0XRRCF%/Z+]A_?+_


#TH!

P?RUED9LB/1<X'OJZ?)ZS]_/JF.
AIK_[OH

MU;D+-H``G$/:
L`8]SL*QQYZ


M_&#+D)'50_@F;.

521ON-20-=H\.8[MM\
M-T/KW\
#$7

M4IHA^N1C;


]6#]*H.SZD=Y6*&5ZW^S97^.+









MVN6;+.25E$-$NU((C


;+QG5
ME=QC+@+I?9/O

7#


WY$I4OS;VV/KP.V#OOO[MC;?XT(]WV=3)GJ*TS=SWR'

?WT!G?'7[V


M2Q2`J?%=!?HJ-MU1(OT)*KXSC=$?5&?$E'YK9?Y




;IS

6J]7H9U!U`_=WF93.X&?K.C:W\&:T'5:'


M0-BGH&]A+Z^8N5,)I9UQNQ_[HE^!/\M\?#/WC/^&%)\?8=_?9JR:=;10W_=
M@HF;U:S#(ELGDSP_Z7ZL(A/-4)4)?0'5\K6HT!3VY?%X))Q5.:P9O0^@)^=
MQN1]C6]/4&._C2].R5
8^?_$N]]HPEC6Y?)P3I4G*N3A3L*_^*;WRVCZ+6
MP$/:(/5U1SWDR[5E%.5ZH$(1Q#2I'
-CT8O%N^J
&S&%T!]4):OBF3GC5HH)


B3_/F`^-OQZ/IP%AO\JT&QAH.[:V!]:KM3._0P
@T^\XXQ!KP/C


HCHX*S0&#IE&W801\;E]\YNHKJ+E5

A$9&?W@_6^$'\4GN1
#UTO62XV*P7!F2QP;G=').?UA(BZ4KH[+#F=


M]]N;^8U2N8N2;E9%2WW4G-T'!%WDXY/&?:M+734\UH1'34,!4)'_S'P]_[6
MY+;M.+YA_#YV4_H;#

M+[

9MP/)^!'I4HL%0:XZS
MOA5XV[_'OV)!ZH7FWXVO9)4:URPF.UO/-]GZ-'L;_<'?-[UDU5=UQY3J+6M3
M??5W_WAUIX$3ETL.-61@?2UX3[Y2J;&0N))'C+9'U9:UEVT6*W<+--@^CZ0
M!X\`PRW#`.UVA)Y2Z4B:*
?I&HB&D7?K14E`#'U]J^@DQ$\:[RZ$:FA&K_/U



M':07(EQB5ZX^'+PXOMFS0Q6J.TC2YTWV33(EM(]WK_+MP$P48K+0399X&_0R
MSRCX&$4XJK`=E;'.K
Q3.*.21
MS#;`C/KD!UZP];W#;1C[++V$-K/DK\(P3*J/]EAFTQRR$:;E<E$FV;&C8.Z
MR;S.J`$8V.J\$B:J;0;






`
MQ!M$O$7$F\R2-1:-LM


MP<ZVRDZ5'O_0W







_$JW6J3Z@K@C31-'42S^E

M#B%W(TYU

`:!!CN
M3VR5[K%\;*MT#F[&;


M2:BYM1UU\!D/IP.

M]$CWGX3H`1


M^M2`\%DXIG1
PS??S&0T@3T^

MVY!0:Q1X8L[81!1UUBRE$2R@BK+J@.A1.()T2MV_6.4;E8TA%F@A@J&8)!
0
MZH2*!Q+08F^%0JF80-I3U6+1O(T(=2%71=:+7*
Z#678B*@BU)
P(T
3M:
MH$$QI.9L*I*4;6$)3SZ&SYY?7S5N?QZ6*UP)[5'[QG&5;.'B[.%+#W@JQBC@




V^-5B





._=YS#`R#LE3V'D_Y-6'$AS



A&^TJXW7TC`Y$(O)2D:6]'X\)


U)DDJ:D0BO9!\!QS
&<C5:7#C+-U)S+0JDP.N[(Q!GN@\:!Y8AAW4P


\YR#:4TQSBN
MLS[/^$ZEHDPLXG(1O:R02D:I:




M0-LR7AL9LJL'&6[\IL_-8C2G::.1@@?VXE.4'ON[#0_^]E66#T[C!?
!0Z&-

Y0.IK
*M$^C8;



ET4K3:N
$*_+&S?Y#^/SL
:2


MP#O2-X$X&/U;3`:8EW'B/Q.?DY4NK3UD\$!TM67MP\.;;'F2O$^'_KD$F&/0



M']NM?&TO_=I9PN

5F-`3/`S6I

MP`ZD%F4=N84N](F`Q6?A@2$%?4WD


J]STM!




]O?Q*H%;0OT/'_#XS\O[UC2\.`Y!2C91
M5N[)3[C=)ZDA/_4E?(EZ_OZ(MC_`WYBO[L(8+5?H18LD#?$GKB




/++&:=S'KVC$!.X[

[1Y+^A=9
@Z7L=OD1@












#0V;7+T[P?6^(-+N0U+


D

MK`V7Y*&#_&7C,]5\RK+?F]X&W7;=SF$29[UA7)NNX83XP%-I35)U!C$`4X$
M4OP4?TQC+A-`:(!T=/Z;(2SOR2P#6[Y59+B)07^C^OD]5
`PD\([R_X+QCX



MRR#*TL-/CDW
Y8]_+Y_V'G(QEX+4D;U9T+B[
;P_W4O@@_`54_
-9'+44[L8

M8C0R1Z=@![?:&*=2M3CMB:HQH6




M86'=T?PU28*W
#J.-CGYM0G:



4[[PP
)O;5GO:FQ.!#\#6T%5Y8/A7
MIZVQJ_+XU8;6Z-4Y;&0
VW9&J8JCY/(U&YKB*HZ0ASGD*V!JO(@
?1Y6X-4


&-ZMJL$;/KB;L.Q#B!F#5L=AH0^\#&\^S6N-EI

*W`<[7NL:-SMU:$U<


2
M0/$1LE



M#:?Y*%(7SO)L@[;&O^I59
_DI



B5P\%:O'CLW

]*$/%
M84Q=






T)QX

$2H


A10.'%#EW^AC$#N=.[Z0Q4OC*
MM%


M




M(KV+U](



8#0?`\\NV'ZW*3`EV^X(



?*6'.T:['I$?^`[X=6+R'6072/%=X\HXT5#RO6U

L/6A'

M(+;O5?+?$])O4[33&`EU`8PLU9%*36N@-%H8H;&@F/M'^[OYDN0`O@*BHC




MB?MID4


M+E/@Y6*N'@G



M$OV];GZDO(SKB_7LAQY?\:.3O#67HAQU7O:^3LC%R10TZM
<KUH_8M(I['B^&51;ZD2&

'`.R14<$&?;`J&
'UJP%D6BI^$9$2+269YMT.7^








M@/&P+O4CJ%
`Z0WU5($$$*M!WAKMM9
#]HZ
MOH@/,YL;IKT))KH6Q-0?=S!O[]!@B$FZ=0@1/8YPTS$
?;V&E*+E/*(DW8$

M53U&NM?#@@
RO:69JKME$DL0W.1XI8O;JKAZOX$W\BMV]6.ISL;F5:?V]#
;OR,DC+W4_UFC9E7M)&2V&3Z7&QZX
M2\KXL&





MH\1Y.'C`:/([J=]S]@.

]?(-&!+WA

MC%7V=&;

SC@]^X$S^6JW
M8EKW-
D9
K

M&*.:I=!G(]-S5#


MN9^XQF9;7SHP;1TGLN0I$G9R;8I=I8G%D5G:]A@Q$1IM5\+YXL&
^8UQ0L`X
G&P:'#X^0J=*_VT:(_HI\4(IL@9$;/V
8


;RC?`-JU.4GU3Z2H-=H8Z:\P8:H]O!XN+MO%93NM

MF1=&_!!G;ONA*&*&/#/;ZJD_FL3$'O35B_
5^A-M


Z&=8/T''3\.&C=U!WWL[%Y)SF+


M[*M]D20Z\M*4$^*C.LH(9UI3^
W;\D

M+CR?VDKE`KL//X*IQ
$\VP!8'
7K'$)VU+E






MDJ.#`ZC$0)5A

EV)H;S#DD

M&E;4#3FNI\;6J*+.9U3HE+0UK;]6KL8S?]N:RE\K@)*6:5M3^G?C=!R;N*U9
I`2U)8`5=MUYK`%F

&PZ&6V-Y)W




Q*JZT6@%'+QG3A?-2CCWJH2'8W
Q]^`(

M

M7T

$NA_[&2T&`



]&%F'M9JO:[3M
M'-;OP#Z6[\F&


M%J4:1`_E.QJ)!\U&TOIE,]J8VAQG+87'7^T(N%$96TNA52_H2FDA4C(]3&S
M0])LOOHU20),4FE$3Q^3*)B_`K@!'BLKIT3'2PY9JS[`ZZ16OD89A!XM)6F

P1X&=7I#7724)AAK\`ZC'$=+`$AM-;Z
MJ*D]75_1ES;H./XG\*@1/;SF.NE!4@#V)A560@XA[78N`/U@ZH_7V
!_D!WJ
MBX*:]E.ZFXU9TB\C:)YQ6N:K%;HTV0%XK=^;P&6^`YA3Q&MR7M
E-LP4KCM2

$Z1C3X


M9C-;([0[X21IY+;UH6(OS/H9'VQ]'-T+4IE(#%N#W'L!)W:7VII^N\?UP+.^

.OO
MYJ2M'WKB][(X
*
5JIWC5W&:?5=PX[$JS&RR\PE%9#9SO_!!-/6FTD8&LG4





MMG.@6.M'MCYO&QS%II1JZ]NWP4'L^Q@NR;QHW-I:`&3BPCNI+LOCQG')[!

\\S4!0?!J_`E[BP8^T66Y3(^F#(R]-RZ3E
MW-Q)E(:FZ149W.EMS21I9NQ';J(84:]1S:2HQ'6?ICD(GG=)7&]NU=EQ1C(Q
MXQOPDMW':09S?$


M#M7]

MNO&DO1'J145]CJEGMC?J;V)*[NVD%`+)T]:

E(*@Q12/
FVEPL%C?*26(.?

HYWMW@NZHDJ/1J$(




1;;/=O(R+U);'W:IJAV-/$2

ML&&M=Z4+3C)LS7X_SN40@I36WF4Z5HGBRAK93/?*:+$2M!K[).;&M$5T_H
MI$PAM@;Q]



M:1&G*LLA_PIB]/.(XZSJ

M=!%+=UX(?_


IEFQ

B
IDM%V`\%-#I$^4!1K+_8A;4](]+(EHN:S766:^JO0[202RHJIK3;]
MWKIZ73&

MS&ZC:Q:VYH
9@M6=VA:G&5XH/K1RFMDT8PS%Z


@*HN(WE]Y`+=9]&J+N+=48$XJTHVA-7U&2OA3

^VM=-R@*$LS</!A6':?`@K'7X&0@.*:27B!.Q
M'/2#?]<8FB_B6;VHS.H)PTK7'3`#UJS&W]+(C0



W.5J?P?4&


CC_5U#3HIRX<
UX!;.V?


GI/
M9R^SVZYX@)%Y


MFVX!('%C
]&UZBSV4M?WY$WV
M:GK`Y

MY
7I:
SYLX@
#@)ZGJ:R
@I#7Y;L;$+Y)RFDGM!7.+&R[38FJ+PI=SHC-19^



M]

G(CJ]W@ZWY+L/T%63[0/
M=)V^9Q5ZQ39!+*;\$6['RN!^9B)&B_.3]WX%8K`*




@&4/G[%X7NB0]8
M%VP/1L/Y.Y.-%K-8UM-EK_6283::RJ<O]








!LZ2'*X[


)@&11QX[9)`
M&.9\ISD'.M@H)BJ`#QIZY)`C%+6EDT&06#)*S]GL2S$-_DI)D;8&HKT\&C



1=-;HD11U=QE
M$7%91%P6$9=%9




/A
M/
WW;8
#W(PRF.;[M*$A;H8#3;
B\.`(-T+`IOD0;&B$&\%1TWS*-3C`S8BX
M:1;M'1KB5O#J^9Y=F2NREJ;YME#6GE/\FN`&(

MOJ7&T=+;&*$RC

T'UX[OUX]&5+$2TO



U%Z?L9VE?9?KYZCE])!8`E^C\
\8XC


CK:
MQ7V.&DD787?!?D%U);)7S'U11_LQ\V#FEFE(&Z+U;P$N;'V.-:#S.8#=^G3T
M+

V1%4\O;TBX96EF.

ML1@%68D\?4L

MF@?T)=7])NAKR$]%&%5Y%-1VGV1GD_/J-J$+FHG(22;9V^3



.#7F@6[+C/,5UF7R+('[8[V0U-XP8.:\7:T`+M0`6I2TR9X=K$\5
M]6VRZ79.'2.;,/S*T-W?JS[*V-'ZC;V2-'&WEN&

M#3UF3QUNK'


9R(OGPD$'J[

1P326PV













ME8=2VSF


M8B='FC3#*W;0JRGKH6?@_/LGY-*$*XW-H9`M!;`\1R$255U&H9^EK'PK+F



MXZ_*(PE:+^.#K9G0M`




MS8CL%!N9KI




ML6XV
4DC_T%UNY&N0
@


_
YB.@

MS`



/
MW@PQM
^03B!U`JD32)U`Z@32[@)I+Y;N1%

MN
@*24A%B-J+I%!1+Q
SN?;2#=HR^(_;/_/PU8OPOI*;CUQ?([-J!)4T$X=)
MSDNRMYF9D0C$(L'!







[3D
M6
L=@'NW2S34\O^*?/O^<DZ#@]V


YLQ







ML_T3].(4\5WT[52K!=`)5$

M+%N8HFRM)E(J

LJE];:7




/^XJ'WST(O;A_
M.A]5@R'GNRIV0\XPSGPX2OG6285.*G12H4[S(8^5.C'1B8E.3'1BXG!BHC
F



M-079_DXP'




3F

MPTZ#,6^?HY#M(Q^%KXB0KDAPYH&-9QBHCK0S4U.3$SS(J*Q(Q:=!QX+'N61
MGN'0PR;9RF'U`WW$$[419WAD

MWP'TPY3

MH_H7AVIGI:1&\:]VH^@L6LZBI5JRI[X=$+??[J)D#\`5B

.5:5#NQ)L7KZ
:)E\U4AXM]TE
=Z-\U6%


M:IF6B#4M@9\@1A6%A!$J3K_#D)H3QGX#65UF.DDQ_HB*:[0D87;M0;A/7M%E
MH9(8MM.(3FMR6I/3FIS6)!
#TN$.GHQ2)0EAEZO

M-.)
(S33R*T'8W24T@6`).[4:
S6

M=Y.\!::N/6Q],E([+(.&7F/QG7B]-WG+ZC5L\$K/&?2[!+('8F6?QPQ#*]


_.B)=H?\!6D)

O
MG7PI&[R1OZ3@SQS]]?85M(K6.XE2JT3I9*PQRUC'QT`4A
!J/@;:A0$DS/9.
M7AS!S27I:V4ONI


-!K=Z`;0





79ZL1&KBB'K^
)G)?!%0T/


MNMV]@$6?]AI!+FC*J8KHB'&FJ3\^@GDHR*L7?P*J(


MX'_7OT

+ID



U.0R%D_JBD=
TC!Q

MD-4]&W

VUO?];7]
ENHPUJ(O0IQ




XE%%+^`7.+-H(=U5


MG1#67^1O(.\:#W+FRQV


M]$.SK?6Z4/O!+:
J71-2
/F$:$.78G?FB_]!RW8!=##DP4@R\H(.P%V4*0
M.@5
G@&FT=S:I(I?I);SJI*(II]*MR!9[4\VJ6$:R75U!;]4+:=2*3M-+]
M

MEVD_WX%*J;I])H21?.@GV\\HO)&\!W)3'.M29K
Q]KN*HN;(#)KQ66.REK



M-107*F'0S?22


M7B_0+0A4]V1VU4??]&DDU6:5O*+]J4$&O%[`6Q#P:9BP1Y9@^.A2:E6!NH'\
M`K2
CS);(W$5O%^&EJNN&.9;$*$*




M*;L8B(UF[97P?O%:3K;2@.VGZ

[!H@<I(T]?+5P2&.04!DL2@YS&`(D,E1B94-G
=W-;6VZ


MY9`LB2K/E-1+J(W#:9FSJF$@R


26

!JA&])+;M;4?GZ!23?6JT2;
MD^ORBRW-`DD:5?*+W/(X6D^^]$


M

Y!$I9@*T7S&1&I'P(8PGN'

8&C$

M47




MG@H.FP
Y=_$](K%R

M8LN8`()-[HWSE)Z3N7(PZH#)6



M'8J\)#^^4(Y^:53KY;IABS


S&VF




:




M9O'\#8]
]

M=LA
NG@.00I`62$[ESX&.R



+IWJW)*(N[A3





5?CZW=\@;*Q
J!4\YB[NTM96



X^I#12^CE6I5)L
M8S!RNJY.1[#6GE-T!


M

MZ37ENV!A#U*


H9X=2S@N@3A+.T4^WE#*$MA.9X3/;VB2!RAKI_.0
M/!?9:0+=G4/HLJ_T;*[OIE4B@#PPK[R?;Q8(Y*37B@?R0G5*_TJ$WE

@_-*

;R`+/
42W0

VPZ+LF`

J
3A[;JGN25\'0JTV82C

HBZVS&NO<<W
M14=IC&GMFO1(2PR=ZPI
VQ2!656^=F%9



T;F46F

MU.TNZ_#7NIPWJ=HIQ@&E#HZ9
IVHH')1S%W\^BZP!I?$JJ1:%\3J`+HDC@9Y
&,DSD.9FBPX2;)O.M2A?EP9+VVY8[:!KXMNNE\.%9@)4P(_



C`Q
S`S

64$L%!@`````&``8`&@(``/`.`P``````
`
end











    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including income
 property and other taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      






Fair Value
 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation [Line Items]
        


Fair value of convertible preferred stock warrant
 beginning balance

157


Change in fair value recorded in other income (expense)
 net
        


Fair value of convertible preferred stock warrant
 ending balance

170




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
11.&#xA0;Common
Stock


March&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company&#x2019;s Charter
authorized 30
000
000 and 24
000
000 shares of common stock
 $0.001
par value per share
 respectively
 of which 16
849
016 and 483
242
shares were issued and outstanding
 respectively. Each share of the
common stock has the right to one vote. The holders of common stock
are also entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally
available therefor and if
 as and when declared by the
Company&#x2019;s Board of Directors. During the fiscal years ended
March&#xA0;31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company declared and paid common
shareholders cash dividends of $0.86 and $0.80 per share
respectively
 or approximately $408
000 and $371
000 in the
aggregate
 respectively. No dividends were declared or paid during
fiscal year ended March&#xA0;31
 2013.





        
          

        
          
            

 comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 if any
 including other comprehensive income (as applicable).  Including
 but not limited to: (1) balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings; (2) accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and total amount of comprehensive income; (3) amount and nature of changes in separate accounts
 including the number of shares authorized and outstanding
 number of shares issued upon exercise and conversion
 and for other comprehensive income
 the adjustments for reclassifications to net income; (4) rights and privileges of each class of stock authorized; (5) basis of treasury stock
 if other than cost
 and amounts paid and accounting treatment for treasury stock purchased significantly in excess of market; (6) dividends paid or payable per share and in the aggregate for each class of stock for each period presented; (7) dividend restrictions and accumulated preferred dividends in arrears (in aggregate and per share amount); (8) retained earnings appropriations or restrictions
 such as dividend restrictions; (9) impact of change in accounting principle
 initial adoption of new accounting principle and correction of an error in previously issued financial statements; (10) shares held in trust for Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP); (11) deferred compensation related to issuance of capital stock; (12) note received for issuance of stock; (13) unamortized discount on shares; (14) description
 terms
 and number of warrants or rights outstanding; (15) shares under subscription and subscription receivables
 effective date of new retained earnings after quasi-reorganization and deficit eliminated by quasi-reorganization and
 for a period of at least ten years after the effective date
 the point in time from which the new retained dates; and (16) retroactive effective of subsequent change in capital structure.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        


        

000
000
        


        

000
000
        


        

000
000
        


        
        
        


        

000
        


        

000
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

000
000
        


        

000
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

560
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

000
000
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

000
000
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with either short term or long term maturity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000
000
        


        
        
        


Convertible preferred stock
 shares authorized
        

346
555


Convertible preferred stock
 shares issued
        

281
553


Convertible preferred stock
 shares outstanding
        

281
553


Preferred stock
 shares undesignated
        

455
531



          

        
        


        
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares authorized
        

867
086


        
        
        


Convertible preferred stock
 shares authorized
        

346
555


Convertible preferred stock
 shares issued
        

281
553


Convertible preferred stock
 shares outstanding
        

281
553




        
          

        
          
            

 Shares Undesignated
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP
 and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates
 is redeemable at the option of the holder
 or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. If convertible
 the issuer does not control the actions or events necessary to issue the maximum number of shares that could be required to be delivered under the conversion option if the holder exercises the option to convert the stock to another class of equity. If the security is a warrant or a rights issue
 the warrant or rights issue is considered to be temporary equity if the issuer cannot demonstrate that it would be able to deliver upon the exercise of the option by the holder in all cases. Includes stock with put option held by ESOP and stock redeemable by holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer.
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP
 and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates
 is redeemable at the option of the holder
 or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. If convertible
 the issuer does not control the actions or events necessary to issue the maximum number of shares that could be required to be delivered under the conversion option if the holder exercises the option to convert the stock to another class of equity. If the security is a warrant or a rights issue
 the warrant or rights issue is considered to be temporary equity if the issuer cannot demonstrate that it would be able to deliver upon the exercise of the option by the holder in all cases. Includes stock with put option held by ESOP and stock redeemable by holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP
 and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates
 is redeemable at the option of the holder
 or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. If convertible
 the issuer does not control the actions or events necessary to issue the maximum number of shares that could be required to be delivered under the conversion option if the holder exercises the option to convert the stock to another class of equity. If the security is a warrant or a rights issue
 the warrant or rights issue is considered to be temporary equity if the issuer cannot demonstrate that it would be able to deliver upon the exercise of the option by the holder in all cases. Includes stock with put option held by ESOP and stock redeemable by holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      


 2013

          



















        
        
        
        
        
        


        

221
571
        
        
        
        


        

560
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000
        
        
        


Common stock
 par value
        
        
        
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000
000
        
        
        
        


Preferred stock
 par value
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 shares issued

849
016

242
        
        
        


Common stock
 shares outstanding

849
016

242
        
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares issued
        
        
        
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares outstanding
        
        
        
        
        


        

200
000

200
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Capitalized software development costs
 net of accumulated amortization

100
000

000
000
        
        
        


        

000

600
000
        
        
        


        

809
000

809
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        

700
000

800
000

700
000
        
        


        

800
000

000
000

100
000
        
        


        

000

200
000

000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        

400
000
        
        
        
        


        

000
000
        
        
        
        


        

100
000
        
        
        
        


        
        

000
        
        
        


        
        

000)
        
        
        


        
        

000
        
        
        


        
        
        

000)

000

000)



          

        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Sale of stock
 transaction date

        02
         2012
        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        

100
000
        
        
        
        


        

300
000
        
        
        
        


        

600
000
        
        
        
        


        

800
000
        
        
        
        


        

221
571
        
        
        
        


Capital stock
 shares authorized

000
000
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 par value
        
        
        
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000
000
        
        
        
        


Preferred stock
 par value
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 shares issued

849
016
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 shares outstanding

849
016
        
        
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares issued
        
        
        
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares outstanding
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Sale of stock
 transaction date

        06
         2012
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        
        
        


        

649
976
        
        
        
        






        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Sale of stock
 transaction date

         2013
        
        
        
        


        

500
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 shares
 subscriptions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Net
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is the cumulative amount paid and (if applicable) the fair value of any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree
 adjusted for any amortization recognized prior to the adoption of any changes in generally accepted accounting principles (as applicable) and for any impairment charges
 in excess of the fair value of net assets acquired in one or more business combination transactions.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance
 and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues
 for example
 start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which increases net cash provided by operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

Customers with 10% or more
of the Company&#x2019;s net sales and accounts receivable consist of
the following:




























Net
Sales























Fiscal Year Ended March
31
































































































In fiscal 2013
 two
customers represented 36% and 26%
 respectively
 of accounts
receivable. The same two customers represented 45% and 21%
respectively
 of accounts receivable in fiscal 2012. In fiscal
2013
 one additional customer represented 10% of accounts
receivable.





        
        


lives of the property and equipment are as follows:

&#xA0;








Equipment and
automotive




















Leasehold
improvements










        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a benchmark to which it is compared
 and the percentage that the risk is to the benchmark.
              
 -Paragraph 21
 22
 23
 24
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
Basis of Presentation
and Consolidation


accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
U.S. (&#x201C;U.S. GAAP&#x201D;). The consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned
subsidiaries
 Annie&#x2019;s Homegrown
 Inc.
 Napa Valley Kitchen
Inc. and Annie&#x2019;s Enterprises
 Inc. All intercompany accounts
and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.



        
        
Initial Public Offering
(IPO)


April&#xA0;2
 2012
 the Company closed its IPO
 in which it sold
950
000 shares of common stock at an offering price of $19.00 per
share and raised $11.1 million in net proceeds after deducting
underwriting discounts and commissions of $1.3 million and other
offering expenses of $5.6 million. In addition
 certain of the
Company&#x2019;s stockholders
 including funds affiliated with
Solera Capital
 LLC
 sold 4.8&#xA0;million shares at the $19.00
offering price in the IPO. The Company sometimes refers to Solera
Capital
 LLC and its affiliates as Solera in this Form
10-K.


prior to the closing of the IPO
 the outstanding shares of
convertible preferred stock were automatically converted into
15
221
571 shares of common stock
 the Company&#x2019;s outstanding
convertible preferred stock warrant was automatically converted
into a common stock warrant to purchase a total of 80
560 shares of
common stock and the related convertible preferred stock warrant
liability was reclassified to additional paid-in
capital.


Company&#x2019;s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
or Charter
 and its Amended and Restated Bylaws
 which became
effective upon consummation of the IPO
 the Company has authorized
35
000
000 shares of capital stock
 30
000
000 shares
 par value
$0.001 per share
 of which are common stock and 5
000
000 shares
par value $0.001 per share
 of which are preferred stock. As of
March&#xA0;31
 2013
 16
849
016 shares of common stock were issued
and outstanding and no shares of preferred stock were issued and
outstanding.



        
        
Secondary Public
Offerings


August&#xA0;6
 2012
 the Company closed a secondary public
offering
 in which certain stockholders
 including Solera
 sold
3
649
976 shares of common stock at an offering price of $39.25 per
share. The Company did not receive any proceeds from the sale of
shares by the selling stockholders. The offering expenses incurred
by the Company were $0.7 million
 including legal
 accounting and
printing costs and various other fees associated with the
registration and sale of common stock sold in the secondary public
offering.


March&#xA0;18
 2013
 the Company closed another secondary public
offering in which Solera sold 3
500
000 shares of common stock at
an offering price of $40.00 per share. The Company did not receive
any proceeds from the sale of shares by Solera. The offering
expenses incurred by the Company were $0.5 million
 including
legal
 accounting and printing costs and various other fees
associated with the registration and sale of common stock sold in
the secondary public offering. The Company
 concurrently with the
closing of the secondary public offering
 repurchased and retired
500
000 shares of its common stock from Solera in a private
non-underwritten transaction at a price of $38.25 per share. The
price paid by the Company was equal to the price paid by the
underwriters in the secondary public offering.



        
        
Use of
Estimates


of financial statements in conformity with U.S.&#xA0;GAAP requires
management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of sales and expenses during
the reported periods. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.



        
        
Concentration
Risk


controls credit risk through credit approvals
 credit limits and
monitoring procedures. The Company performs periodic credit
evaluations of its customers and records an allowance for
uncollectible accounts receivable based on a specific
identification methodology. In addition
 management may record an
additional allowance based on the Company&#x2019;s experience with
accounts receivable aging categories. Accounts receivable are
recorded net of allowances for trade discounts and doubtful
accounts. As of March&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had $5.2
million and $5.2 million
 respectively
 for allowance for trade
discounts. The Company had no allowance for doubtful accounts as of
March&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012.


10% or more of the Company&#x2019;s net sales and accounts
receivable consist of the following:

&#xA0;
























Net
Sales























Fiscal Year Ended March
31




















































































&#xA0;









In fiscal 2013
 two
customers represented 36% and 26%
 respectively
 of accounts
receivable. The same two customers represented 45% and 21%
respectively
 of accounts receivable in fiscal 2012. In fiscal
2013
 one additional customer represented 10% of accounts
receivable.




relies on a limited number of suppliers for the ingredients used in
manufacturing its products. In order to mitigate any adverse impact
from a disruption of supply
 the Company attempts to maintain an
adequate supply of ingredients and believes that other vendors
would be able to provide similar ingredients if supplies were
disrupted. The Company outsources the manufacturing of its products
to contract manufacturers in the U.S. As of March&#xA0;31
 2013 and
2012
 four and two vendors accounted for 75% and 26% of accounts
payable
 respectively.



        
        
Fair Value of Financial
Instruments


defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or
paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the reporting date. The
accounting guidance establishes a three-tiered hierarchy
 which
prioritizes the inputs used in the valuation methodologies in
measuring fair value:


1&#x2014;Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or
liabilities.


2&#x2014;Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable
 either
directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices in markets that are
not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be
corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full
term of the assets or liabilities.


3&#x2014;Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no
market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the
assets or liabilities.


categorization of a financial instrument within the valuation
hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant
to the fair value measurement.

&#xA0;


amounts of the Company&#x2019;s financial instruments
 including
accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued liabilities and
credit facility
 approximate fair value due to their relatively
short maturities. The carrying amount of the convertible preferred
stock warrant liability at March&#xA0;31
 2012 represents its
estimated fair value (Note 9). Upon consummation of the IPO on
April&#xA0;2
 2012
 prior to the automatic conversion of the
convertible preferred stock warrant into a common stock warrant
the estimated fair value was remeasured and the change in fair
value was recorded as a non-cash charge in other income (expense)
net and the related liability was reclassified to additional
paid-in capital.



        
        



Company&#x2019;s cash primarily consists of funds held in general
checking accounts.



        
        



recorded at the lower of cost (determined under the
first-in-first-out method) or market. Write downs are provided for
finished goods expected to become nonsaleable due to age and
provisions are specifically made for slow moving or obsolete raw
ingredients and packaging material. The Company also adjusts the
carrying value of its inventories when it believes that the net
realizable value is less than the carrying value. These write-downs
are measured as the difference between the cost of the inventory
including estimated costs to complete
 and estimated selling prices
including cost of selling. These charges are recorded as a
component of cost of sales. Once inventory is written down
 a new
lower-cost basis for that inventory is established.



        
        
Property and
Equipment


equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed using the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.
Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method
over the shorter of the lease term or estimated useful lives.
Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Assets
not yet placed in use are not depreciated.


lives of the property and equipment are as follows:

&#xA0;































capitalizes certain internal and external costs related to the
development and enhancement of the Company&#x2019;s internal-use
software. Capitalized internal-use software development costs are
included in property and equipment on the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets. As of March&#xA0;31
 2013
 the Company had $2.1
million capitalized software development costs
 net of accumulated
amortization including $0.4 million in construction in progress. As
of March&#xA0;31
 2012
 the Company had $2.0 million capitalized
software development costs
 net of accumulated amortization
including $1.6 million in construction in progress.



        
        



with prior acquisitions
 the Company recorded $30.8 million of
goodwill resulting from the excess of the purchase price over the
fair value of the assets acquired and the liabilities
assumed.


tested for impairment annually in the fourth fiscal quarter and
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying
value of goodwill may not be recoverable. Triggering events that
may indicate impairment include
 but are not limited to
significant adverse change in customer demand or business climate
that could affect the value of an asset or significant decrease in
expected cash flows at the reporting unit. In its annual impairment
evaluation
 the Company first assesses qualitative factors to
determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of
its sole reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis
to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step
goodwill impairment test. The more-likely-than-not threshold is
defined as having a likelihood of more than 50 percent. The
goodwill impairment test involves a two-step process and is tested
at the Company&#x2019;s sole reporting unit level by comparing the
reporting unit&#x2019;s carrying amount
 including goodwill
 to the
fair value of the reporting unit. If the carrying amount of the
sole reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 the second step of the
goodwill impairment test shall be performed to measure the amount
of impairment loss
 if any. When impaired
 the carrying value of
goodwill is written down to fair value. There was no impairment of
goodwill identified during the years ended March&#xA0;31
 2013
2012 and 2011.



        
        
Impairment of Long-lived
Assets


assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not
be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is
measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to
future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the
carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash
flows
 an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which
the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the
asset. There was no impairment of long-lived assets during the
years ended March&#xA0;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011.



        
        
Convertible Preferred
Stock Warrant Liability


accounted for its convertible preferred stock warrant to purchase
shares of Company&#x2019;s convertible preferred stock as a
liability at fair value upon issuance
 because the warrant could
obligate the Company to transfer assets to the holder at a future
date under certain circumstances
 such as a change of control. The
warrant was subjected to remeasurement to fair value at each
balance sheet date
 and any change in fair value was recognized in
other income (expense)
 net in the consolidated statements of
operations. See &#x201C;Out-of-Period Adjustment&#x201D; below. The
liability was adjusted for changes in fair value until the earliest
of the exercise
 expiration of the convertible preferred stock
warrant and conversion to a warrant to purchase common stock.
Immediately prior to the closing of the IPO
 the Company&#x2019;s
outstanding convertible preferred stock warrant was automatically
converted into a common stock warrant to purchase a total of 80
560
shares of common stock and the related convertible preferred stock
warrant liability was reclassified to additional paid-in
capital.



        
        
Convertible Preferred
Stock

Prior to the IPO
 the
holders of the Company&#x2019;s convertible preferred stock
controlled the vote of stockholders and board of directors through
appointed representatives. As a result
 the holders of the
convertible preferred stock could have forced a change of control
that would have triggered liquidation. As redemption of the
convertible preferred stock through liquidation was outside of the
Company&#x2019;s control
 all shares of convertible preferred stock
have been presented outside of permanent equity on the consolidated
balance sheet as of March&#xA0;31
 2012.



        
        
Sales Recognition and
Sales Incentives


Company&#x2019;s products are recognized when persuasive evidence of
an arrangement exists
 the price is fixed or determinable
ownership and risk of loss have been transferred to the customer
either upon delivery or pick up of products by the customer and
there is a reasonable assurance of collection of the sales
proceeds. Generally
 the Company extends uncollateralized credit to
its retailers and distributors ranging up to 30 days and performs
ongoing credit evaluation of its customers. The payment terms are
typically net-30 with a discount for net-10 payment. The Company
recognizes sales net of estimated trade allowances
 slotting fees
sales incentives
 cash discounts
 returns and coupons. The cost of
these trade allowances
 slotting fees and sales incentives is
estimated using a number of factors
 including estimated units
sold
 customer participation and redemption rates. The Company has
entered into contracts with some retailers granting an allowance
for spoils and damaged products. Amounts related to shipping and
handling that are billed to customers are reflected in net sales
and the related shipping and handling costs are reflected in
selling
 general and administrative expenses.



        
        
Cost of
Sales


consists of the costs of ingredients utilized in the manufacture of
products
 contract manufacturing fees
 packaging and in-bound
freight charges.&#xA0;Ingredients account for the largest portion
of the cost of sales
 followed by contract manufacturing fees and
packaging.



        
        
Shipping and Handling
Costs


handling costs are included in selling
 general and administrative
expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Shipping and
handling costs primarily consist of costs associated with moving
finished products to customers
 including costs associated with the
Company&#x2019;s distribution center
 route delivery costs and the
cost of shipping products to customers through third-party
carriers. Shipping and handling costs recorded as a component of
selling
 general and administrative expenses were $5.7 million
$4.8 million and $4.7 million for the years ended March&#xA0;31
2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.



        
        
Research and Development
Costs


development costs consist of the costs incurred to develop new
products. These costs include consumer research
 prototype
development
 materials and resources to conduct trial production
runs
 package development and employee-related costs for personnel
responsible for product innovation. Research and development costs
recorded as a component of selling
 general and administrative
expenses were approximately $2.8 million
 $2.0 million and $2.1
million for the years ended March&#xA0;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
respectively.



        
        
Advertising
Costs


costs include the costs of producing advertisements and the costs
of communicating advertisements. The costs of producing
advertisements are expensed as incurred and the costs of
communicating advertising are expensed over the period of
communication. Total advertising costs for the years ended
March&#xA0;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011 included in selling
 general and
administrative expenses were approximately $0.9 million
 $1.2
million and $0.8 million
 respectively.



        
        
Product
Recall


establishes reserves for product recalls on a product-specific
basis when circumstances giving rise to the recall become known.
The Company
 when establishing reserves for a product recall
considers cost estimates for any fees and incentives to customers
for their effort to return the product
 freight and destruction
charges for returned products
 warehouse and inspection fees
repackaging materials
 point-of-sale materials and other costs
including costs incurred by contract manufacturers. Additionally
the Company estimates product returns from consumers and customers
across distribution channels
 utilizing third-party data and other
assumptions. These factors are updated and reevaluated each period
and the related reserves are adjusted when these factors indicate
that the recall reserves are either insufficient to cover or exceed
the estimated product recall expenses.


changes in the assumptions used to develop estimates for product
recall reserves could affect key financial information
 including
accounts receivable
 inventory
 accrued liabilities
 net sales
gross profit
 operating expenses and net income. In addition
estimating product recall reserves requires a high degree of
judgment in areas such as estimating consumer returns
 shelf and
in-stock inventory at retailers across distribution channels
 fees
and incentives to be earned by customers for their effort to return
the products
 future freight rates and consumers&#x2019;
claims.



        
        
Segment
Reporting


determined its operating segment on the same basis that it uses to
evaluate its performance internally. The Company has one business
activity
 marketing and distribution of natural and organic food
products
 and operates as one operating segment. The
Company&#x2019;s chief operating decision-maker
 its chief executive
officer
 reviews its operating results on an aggregate basis for
purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial
performance.



        
        
Stock-Based
Compensation


maintains performance incentive plans under which nonqualified
stock options
 restricted stock units and performance share units
are granted to eligible employees and directors. The cost of
stock-based transactions is recognized in the financial statements
based upon fair value. The fair value of restricted stock units and
performance share units is determined based on the number of units
granted and the closing price of the Company&#x2019;s common stock
as of the grant date. Additionally
 stock-based compensation
related to performance share units reflects the estimated probable
outcome at the end of the performance period. The fair value of
stock options is determined as of the grant date using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model. Fair value is recognized as
expense on a straight line basis
 net of estimated forfeitures
over the employee requisite service period.

&#xA0;


tax deductions in excess of recognized compensation costs are
reported as a credit to additional paid-in capital and as financing
cash flows
 but only when such excess tax benefits are realized by
a reduction to current taxes payable.



        
        
Treasury
Stock


accounts for treasury stock under the cost method
 and upon
retirement of the treasury stock
 charges the excess of the
purchase price and the par value per share of common stock entirely
to additional paid-in capital.



        
        
Income
Taxes


are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax
consequences attributable to differences between the financial
statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and
their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit
carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted tax rates applicable to taxable income in the years
in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered
or settled. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax
assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that
includes the enactment date. The Company recognizes deferred tax
assets when
 based upon available evidence
 realization of the
assets is more likely than not.


standard for uncertainty in income taxes prescribes a recognition
threshold that a tax position is required to meet before being
recognized in the financial statements and provides guidance on
derecognition
 measurement
 classification
 interest and penalties
accounting in interim periods
 disclosure and transition issues.
Differences between tax positions taken in a tax return and amounts
recognized in the financial statements generally result in an
increase in a liability for income taxes payable or a reduction of
an income tax refund receivable
 or a reduction in a deferred tax
asset or an increase in a deferred tax liability
 or
both.


recognizes interest and penalties related to tax positions in
income tax expense. To the extent that accrued interest and
penalties do not ultimately become payable
 amounts accrued will be
reduced and reflected as a reduction of the overall income tax
provision in the period that such determination is made. No
interest or penalties have been accrued for any period
presented.


year ended March&#xA0;31
 2013
 the Company recognized $21.4
million of tax deductions associated with stock option exercises.
As of March&#xA0;31
 2013
 $20.0 million of these tax deductions
are considered &#x201C;excess&#x201D; stock compensation related
deductions. Such &#x201C;excess&#x201D; stock compensation related
tax deductions are required to be recorded directly to
additional-paid-in-capital (rather than as a tax benefit to the
income statement) when the tax savings are realized on the
Company&#x2019;s tax returns. In determining the amount of cash tax
savings realized from the excess stock compensation deductions
 the
Company&#x2019;s accounting policy is to follow the tax law ordering
approach
 which provides that tax benefits follow the sequence in
which these amounts are utilized for tax reporting purposes. As a
result of the excess stock-based compensation deductions in fiscal
2013
 the Company reduced its taxes payable and credited
additional-paid-in-capital for $8.1 million.



        
        
Net Income Per Share of
Common Stock


income per share of common stock is calculated by dividing the net
income attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average
number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period.
Diluted net income per share of common stock is computed by giving
effect to all potentially dilutive securities outstanding during
the period. The Company utilized the if-converted method and the
treasury stock method to calculate potential common shares that
underlay its convertible preferred stock and the warrant to
purchase its convertible preferred stock
 respectively.
Additionally
 the Company utilizes the treasury stock method to
calculate potential common shares that underlie stock options to
purchase common stock and restricted stock units. Performance share
units are excluded from potential common shares since no shares
were issuable as of March&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012. The performance
share units vest based on achievement of specified percentage of
targeted cumulative compounded adjusted diluted earnings per share
growth rate during the three-year period ending March&#xA0;31
2015.

&#xA0;


common shares from (i)&#xA0;the convertible preferred stock warrant
and restricted stock units for the fiscal year ended March&#xA0;31
2012; (ii)&#xA0;the convertible preferred stock for the fiscal
years ended March&#xA0;31
 2012 and 2011; and (iii)&#xA0;certain
stock options to purchase Company&#x2019;s common stock for the
fiscal year ended March&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012; had an
anti-dilutive effect on the earnings per share
 and
 accordingly
were excluded from the calculation.


attributable to common stockholders during the fiscal years ended
March&#xA0;31
 2012 and 2011 was allocated using the two-class
method. The two-class method is an earnings allocation method for
calculating earnings per share when a company&#x2019;s capital
structure includes two or more classes of common stock or common
stock and participating securities. Under this method
 the Company
reduced income from operations by the dividends paid to convertible
preferred stockholders and the rights of the convertible preferred
stockholders to participate in any undistributed earnings. The
undistributed earnings were allocated based on the relative
percentage of weighted average shares of outstanding convertible
preferred stock to the total number of weighted average shares of
outstanding common and convertible preferred stock.



        
        
Out-of-Period
Adjustment


2012
 the Company corrected an error in the measurement of the
convertible preferred stock warrant liability. The correction
increased the fair value of the convertible preferred stock warrant
liability by $949
000
 decreased additional paid-in capital by
$431
000 with a corresponding increase in expense of $518
000
which was recorded in other income (expense)
 net in the
accompanying statement of operations during fiscal 2012. The
correction was an accumulation of an error that should have been
recorded in prior periods and would have increased net loss for
fiscal 2009 by $44
000
 increased net income by $79
000 for fiscal
2010 and decreased net income by $553
000 for fiscal 2011.
Management assessed the impact of this error and does not believe
that it is material
 either individually or in the aggregate
 to
any prior period financial statements or to the financial
statements for the year ended March&#xA0;31
 2012.





        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements Disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Policy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
 -Paragraph 7
 8
 9
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bonuses
 incentive awards
 postretirement and postemployment benefits granted to employees
 including equity-based arrangements; discloses methodologies for measurement
 and the bases for recognizing related assets and liabilities and recognizing and reporting compensation expense.
              
 -Paragraph 4
 9-15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 7
 9
 11
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 provisions associated with inventories
 purchase discounts
 freight and other costs included in cost of sales incurred and recorded in the period. This disclosure also includes the nature of costs of sales incurred and recorded in the statement of operations for the period relating to transactions with related parties.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 6
 8-16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 10
 12
 13
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 how reporting units are determined
 how goodwill is allocated to such units
 and how the fair values of the reporting units are determined.
              
 -Paragraph 18-23
 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 7-15
 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 6-34
 43
 47
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 -Paragraph 3
 5-10
 15
 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment which may include the basis of such assets
 depreciation methods used and estimated useful lives
 the entity's capitalization policy
 including its accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance activities
 whether such asset balances include capitalized interest and the method by which such is calculated
 how disposals of such assets are accounted for and how impairment of such assets is assessed and recognized.
              
 -Paragraph 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

779

768


        

299

631


        

038
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

238
        


        

021

452




        
          

        
          
            

 Current
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


outstanding shares of potentially dilutive securities were excluded
from the computation of diluted net income per share of common
stock for the periods presented
 because including them would have
been anti-dilutive:

&#xA0;



















Fiscal Year Ended
March&#xA0;31

















Convertible preferred stock
(on an as-if converted basis)







15
221
571



15
221
571




Options to purchase common
stock



91
239



379
304








Restricted stock
units







16
700








Convertible preferred stock
warrant







80
560







































91
239



15
698
135



15
221
571

































        
        

A reconciliation of the
numerator and denominator used in the calculation of the basic and
diluted net income per share attributable to common stockholders is
as follows (in thousands except share and per share
amounts):
























Fiscal Year Ended
March&#xA0;31


















Net income
per share:



































11
551



9
589



20
155




Less: Dividends paid to
convertible preferred stockholders







13
141



12
159




Undistributed income (loss)
attributable to convertible preferred stockholders







(3
842



7
400































Net income attributable to
common stockholders&#x2014;basic and diluted



11
551
























































Weighted average shares of
common stock outstanding used in computing net income attributable
to common stockholders&#x2014;basic



17
129
334



469
089



461
884




Potential dilutive options
as calculated using treasury stock method



570
210



641
999



703
561




Potential restricted stock
units
 as calculated using treasury stock method



8
295












Potential dilutive
warrants
 as calculated using treasury stock method











35
680































Weighted average shares of
common stock outstanding used in computing net income attributable
to common stockholders&#x2014;diluted



17
707
839



1
111
088



1
201
125































Net income per share
attributable to common stockholders



























































































































        
          

        
          
            

 by antidilutive securities.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      


 2013

          



 2012

          



        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Related Party Transactions - Additional Information (Detail) (Solera Partners
 L.P
 USD $)

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

        05
         2014
        
        


        

000
        
        


Advisory fee payment
 due days
        
        
        


Consulting and advisory
 expense
        

000

000


Contract termination
 fee

300
000
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Expiration Date
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as for legal and accounting services received.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which will be billed back to the client and is a component of noninterest expenses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


April&#xA0;2
 2012
 the Company measured the fair value of the
outstanding convertible preferred stock warrant using an option
pricing method with several possible distribution outcomes
depending on the timing and kind of liquidity event utilizing the
following assumptions:

&#xA0;











April&#xA0;2
&#xA0;2012




Remaining contractual life
(in years)








Risk-free interest
rate








Expected
volatility








Expected dividend
rate










        
        


table sets forth a summary of the changes in the fair value of the
Company&#x2019;s Level 3 financial liabilities (in
thousands):

&#xA0;











April&#xA0;2
&#xA0;2012




Fair value at March&#xA0;31
2012



2
157




Change in fair value
recorded in other income (expense)
 net



















Fair value at April&#xA0;2
2012



2
170



















        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        

000



          

        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by the terms of the plan
 that the employer may contribute to a defined contribution plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

749

803

454


        

228

501

162


        

977

304

616




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an entity's earning process). For financial services companies
 also includes investment and interest income
 and sales and trading gains.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Beginning balance
 unvested shares

899


Granted
 shares

398


Vested
 shares
        


Forfeited
 shares

132)


Ending balance
 unvested shares

165


Beginning balance
 weighted-average grant date fair value of unvested shares
        


Granted
 weighted-average grant date fair value
        


Vested
 weighted-average grant date fair value
        


Forfeited
 weighted-average grant date fair value
        


Ending balance
 weighted-average grant date fair value of unvested shares
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Property and Equipment
 Net (Detail) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified











Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


        

808

836


        

760)

719)


        

090

181


Property and equipment
 net

138

298



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


        

959

730



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


        

410

188



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


        

195
        



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization (related to property
 plant and equipment
 but not including land) that has been recognized in the income statement.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 at the balance sheet date
 of long-lived assets under construction that include construction costs to date on capital projects that have not been completed and assets being constructed that are not ready to be placed into service.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified















        
        
        
        


        

276

931

020


        

165

686

070




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
18.&#xA0;Subsequent
Events




2013 the Company granted 22
230
 7
640 and 32
460 non-qualified
stock options
 restricted stock units and performance share units
respectively
 to its employees from the Omnibus Incentive
Plan.






        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Share data


          


          


          


          


          


          



Beginning Balance at Mar. 31
 2010

173)

373
        
        

320

494)


Beginning Balance (in shares) at Mar. 31
 2010
        

281
553
        

277
        
        


        
        
        
        

717
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

529)
        
        
        
        

529)


        

155
        
        
        
        

155


Ending Balance at Mar. 31
 2011

148)

373
        
        

719

868)


Ending Balance (in shares) at Mar. 31
 2011
        

281
553
        

994
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

248
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

550)
        
        
        
        

550)


        

589
        
        
        
        

589


Ending Balance at Mar. 31
 2012

436)

373
        
        

392

829)


Ending Balance (in shares) at Mar. 31
 2012
        

281
553
        

242
        
        


        

170
        
        
        

170
        


        
        

281
553)
        

221
571
        
        


        

373

373)
        
        

358
        


Shares issued upon consummation of IPO
 Shares
        
        
        

000
        
        


        

146
        
        
        

145
        


Shares repurchased and retired
Shares
        
        
        

000)
        
        


        

125)
        
        
        

125)
        


        

010
        
        

010
        
        


        

073
        
        
        

073
        


        

113
        
        
        

113
        


Net exercise of warrant to purchase shares of common stock
 Shares
        
        
        

193
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

064
        
        
        

064
        


        

551
        
        
        
        

551


Ending Balance at Mar. 31
 2013

929
        
        
        

190

278)


Ending Balance (in shares) at Mar. 31
 2013
        
        
        

849
016
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 preferred
 etc.). This element includes paid and unpaid dividends declared during the period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of adjustments (for example
 to additional paid in capital) including the write-off of an equity component recognized to record the convertible debt instrument as two separate components - a debt component and an equity component. This item is meant to disclose the value of shares issued on conversion of convertible securities that were recorded as two separate (debt and equity) components.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
1.&#xA0;Description of
Business


Inc. (the &#x201C;Company&#x201D;)
 a Delaware corporation
incorporated April&#xA0;28
 2004
 is a natural and organic food
company. The Company offers over 135 products in the following
three product categories: meals; snacks; and dressings
 condiments
and other. The Company&#x2019;s products are sold throughout the
U.S. and Canada via a multi-channel distribution network that
serves the mainstream grocery
 mass merchandiser and natural
retailer channels. The Company&#x2019;s headquarters are located in
Berkeley
 California.





        
          

        
          
            

 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity.  Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
4.&#xA0;Credit
Facility




 the
Company entered into a bank line of credit agreement (the
&#x201C;Credit Agreement&#x201D;) with Bank of America
 N.A.
 which
provided for revolving loans and letters of credit up to $11.0
million. In March 2008
 the Company amended the Credit Agreement
with Bank of America to establish an inter-creditor agreement with
another lender (Note 5). In August 2010
 the Company amended the
Credit Agreement to decrease the maximum borrowing limit on
revolving loans to $10.0 million and extended the expiration date
to August&#xA0;20
 2012. In December 2011
 the Company entered into
a second amended and restated credit facility with Bank of America
that
 among other things
 provided for an increase in its line of
credit to $20.0 million and an extension of the term through August
2014. In March 2013
 the Company entered into another amendment to
its credit facility. This amendment provides for
 among other
things
 an increase in the line of credit to $40.0 million and
extension of the term through August 2016. The Credit Agreement is
collateralized by substantially all of Company&#x2019;s
assets.


select from three interest rate options for borrowings under the
credit facility: (i)&#xA0;LIBOR (as defined in the credit facility)
plus 1.25%
 (ii)&#xA0;IBOR (as defined in the credit facility) plus
1.25% or (iii)&#xA0;Prime Rate (as defined in the credit facility).
Weighted average interest was 1.45%
 2.74% and 1.68% for the years
ended March&#xA0;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. The Company
is required to pay a commitment fee on the unused credit facility
commitments
 if the outstanding balance is less than half the
commitment at an annual rate ranging from 0.25% to 0.40% depending
on the utilization rate. As of March&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 there
was $33.0 million and $7.2 million
 respectively
 of availability
for borrowings under the Credit Agreement. Interest is payable
monthly.


facility contains restrictions on
 among other things
Company&#x2019;s ability to incur additional indebtedness
 pay
dividends or make other distributions and make investments and
loans. The credit facility also limits Company&#x2019;s ability to
make capital expenditures in excess of $15.0 million. The credit
facility requires that the Company maintain a Funded Debt (as
defined in the credit facility) to Adjusted EBITDA (as defined in
the credit facility) ratio of not more than 2.75 to 1.0 and a
minimum Net Worth (as defined in the credit facility) equal to at
least $50.0 million
 plus 30% of earnings after taxes earned each
quarter (if positive)
 beginning with the June 2013 quarterly
earnings.


various financial and other covenants under the Credit Agreement.
Financial covenants
 as defined in the Credit Agreement include a
net income covenant
 total liabilities to tangible net worth
covenant and a minimum fixed charge coverage covenant
 through the
term of the agreement. The Credit Agreement requires the Company to
submit interim and annual financial statements by specified dates
after each reporting period. The Company was in compliance with the
financial covenants as of March&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012.





        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Paragraph 2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

977

304

616



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

270

624

168



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

844

789

687






        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

863

891

761




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an entity's earning process). For financial services companies
 also includes investment and interest income
 and sales and trading gains.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
2.&#xA0;Basis of
Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies


Basis of Presentation
and Consolidation


accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
U.S. (&#x201C;U.S. GAAP&#x201D;). The consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned
subsidiaries
 Annie&#x2019;s Homegrown
 Inc.
 Napa Valley Kitchen
Inc. and Annie&#x2019;s Enterprises
 Inc. All intercompany accounts
and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
Initial Public Offering
(IPO)


April&#xA0;2
 2012
 the Company closed its IPO
 in which it sold
950
000 shares of common stock at an offering price of $19.00 per
share and raised $11.1 million in net proceeds after deducting
underwriting discounts and commissions of $1.3 million and other
offering expenses of $5.6 million. In addition
 certain of the
Company&#x2019;s stockholders
 including funds affiliated with
Solera Capital
 LLC
 sold 4.8&#xA0;million shares at the $19.00
offering price in the IPO. The Company sometimes refers to Solera
Capital
 LLC and its affiliates as Solera in this Form
10-K.


prior to the closing of the IPO
 the outstanding shares of
convertible preferred stock were automatically converted into
15
221
571 shares of common stock
 the Company&#x2019;s outstanding
convertible preferred stock warrant was automatically converted
into a common stock warrant to purchase a total of 80
560 shares of
common stock and the related convertible preferred stock warrant
liability was reclassified to additional paid-in
capital.


Company&#x2019;s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
or Charter
 and its Amended and Restated Bylaws
 which became
effective upon consummation of the IPO
 the Company has authorized
35
000
000 shares of capital stock
 30
000
000 shares
 par value
$0.001 per share
 of which are common stock and 5
000
000 shares
par value $0.001 per share
 of which are preferred stock. As of
March&#xA0;31
 2013
 16
849
016 shares of common stock were issued
and outstanding and no shares of preferred stock were issued and
outstanding.
Secondary Public
Offerings


August&#xA0;6
 2012
 the Company closed a secondary public
offering
 in which certain stockholders
 including Solera
 sold
3
649
976 shares of common stock at an offering price of $39.25 per
share. The Company did not receive any proceeds from the sale of
shares by the selling stockholders. The offering expenses incurred
by the Company were $0.7 million
 including legal
 accounting and
printing costs and various other fees associated with the
registration and sale of common stock sold in the secondary public
offering.


March&#xA0;18
 2013
 the Company closed another secondary public
offering in which Solera sold 3
500
000 shares of common stock at
an offering price of $40.00 per share. The Company did not receive
any proceeds from the sale of shares by Solera. The offering
expenses incurred by the Company were $0.5 million
 including
legal
 accounting and printing costs and various other fees
associated with the registration and sale of common stock sold in
the secondary public offering. The Company
 concurrently with the
closing of the secondary public offering
 repurchased and retired
500
000 shares of its common stock from Solera in a private
non-underwritten transaction at a price of $38.25 per share. The
price paid by the Company was equal to the price paid by the
underwriters in the secondary public offering.

&#xA0;
Use of
Estimates


of financial statements in conformity with U.S.&#xA0;GAAP requires
management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of sales and expenses during
the reported periods. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.
Concentration
Risk


controls credit risk through credit approvals
 credit limits and
monitoring procedures. The Company performs periodic credit
evaluations of its customers and records an allowance for
uncollectible accounts receivable based on a specific
identification methodology. In addition
 management may record an
additional allowance based on the Company&#x2019;s experience with
accounts receivable aging categories. Accounts receivable are
recorded net of allowances for trade discounts and doubtful
accounts. As of March&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had $5.2
million and $5.2 million
 respectively
 for allowance for trade
discounts. The Company had no allowance for doubtful accounts as of
March&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012.


10% or more of the Company&#x2019;s net sales and accounts
receivable consist of the following:

&#xA0;
























Net
Sales























Fiscal Year Ended March
31




















































































&#xA0;









In fiscal 2013
 two
customers represented 36% and 26%
 respectively
 of accounts
receivable. The same two customers represented 45% and 21%
respectively
 of accounts receivable in fiscal 2012. In fiscal
2013
 one additional customer represented 10% of accounts
receivable.




relies on a limited number of suppliers for the ingredients used in
manufacturing its products. In order to mitigate any adverse impact
from a disruption of supply
 the Company attempts to maintain an
adequate supply of ingredients and believes that other vendors
would be able to provide similar ingredients if supplies were
disrupted. The Company outsources the manufacturing of its products
to contract manufacturers in the U.S. As of March&#xA0;31
 2013 and
2012
 four and two vendors accounted for 75% and 26% of accounts
payable
 respectively.
Fair Value of Financial
Instruments


defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or
paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the reporting date. The
accounting guidance establishes a three-tiered hierarchy
 which
prioritizes the inputs used in the valuation methodologies in
measuring fair value:


1&#x2014;Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or
liabilities.


2&#x2014;Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable
 either
directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices in markets that are
not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be
corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full
term of the assets or liabilities.


3&#x2014;Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no
market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the
assets or liabilities.

&#xA0;


categorization of a financial instrument within the valuation
hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant
to the fair value measurement.


amounts of the Company&#x2019;s financial instruments
 including
accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued liabilities and
credit facility
 approximate fair value due to their relatively
short maturities. The carrying amount of the convertible preferred
stock warrant liability at March&#xA0;31
 2012 represents its
estimated fair value (Note 9). Upon consummation of the IPO on
April&#xA0;2
 2012
 prior to the automatic conversion of the
convertible preferred stock warrant into a common stock warrant
the estimated fair value was remeasured and the change in fair
value was recorded as a non-cash charge in other income (expense)
net and the related liability was reclassified to additional
paid-in capital.



Company&#x2019;s cash primarily consists of funds held in general
checking accounts.



recorded at the lower of cost (determined under the
first-in-first-out method) or market. Write downs are provided for
finished goods expected to become nonsaleable due to age and
provisions are specifically made for slow moving or obsolete raw
ingredients and packaging material. The Company also adjusts the
carrying value of its inventories when it believes that the net
realizable value is less than the carrying value. These write-downs
are measured as the difference between the cost of the inventory
including estimated costs to complete
 and estimated selling prices
including cost of selling. These charges are recorded as a
component of cost of sales. Once inventory is written down
 a new
lower-cost basis for that inventory is established.
Property and
Equipment


equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed using the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.
Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method
over the shorter of the lease term or estimated useful lives.
Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Assets
not yet placed in use are not depreciated.


lives of the property and equipment are as follows:

&#xA0;































capitalizes certain internal and external costs related to the
development and enhancement of the Company&#x2019;s internal-use
software. Capitalized internal-use software development costs are
included in property and equipment on the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets. As of March&#xA0;31
 2013
 the Company had $2.1
million capitalized software development costs
 net of accumulated
amortization including $0.4 million in construction in progress. As
of March&#xA0;31
 2012
 the Company had $2.0 million capitalized
software development costs
 net of accumulated amortization
including $1.6 million in construction in progress.



with prior acquisitions
 the Company recorded $30.8 million of
goodwill resulting from the excess of the purchase price over the
fair value of the assets acquired and the liabilities
assumed.


tested for impairment annually in the fourth fiscal quarter and
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying
value of goodwill may not be recoverable. Triggering events that
may indicate impairment include
 but are not limited to
significant adverse change in customer demand or business climate
that could affect the value of an asset or significant decrease in
expected cash flows at the reporting unit. In its annual impairment
evaluation
 the Company first assesses qualitative factors to
determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of
its sole reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis
to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step
goodwill impairment test. The more-likely-than-not threshold is
defined as having a likelihood of more than 50 percent. The
goodwill impairment test involves a two-step process and is tested
at the Company&#x2019;s sole reporting unit level by comparing the
reporting unit&#x2019;s carrying amount
 including goodwill
 to the
fair value of the reporting unit. If the carrying amount of the
sole reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 the second step of the
goodwill impairment test shall be performed to measure the amount
of impairment loss
 if any. When impaired
 the carrying value of
goodwill is written down to fair value. There was no impairment of
goodwill identified during the years ended March&#xA0;31
 2013
2012 and 2011.
Impairment of Long-lived
Assets


assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not
be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is
measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to
future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the
carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash
flows
 an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which
the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the
asset. There was no impairment of long-lived assets during the
years ended March&#xA0;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011.
Convertible Preferred
Stock Warrant Liability


accounted for its convertible preferred stock warrant to purchase
shares of Company&#x2019;s convertible preferred stock as a
liability at fair value upon issuance
 because the warrant could
obligate the Company to transfer assets to the holder at a future
date under certain circumstances
 such as a change of control. The
warrant was subjected to remeasurement to fair value at each
balance sheet date
 and any change in fair value was recognized in
other income (expense)
 net in the consolidated statements of
operations. See &#x201C;Out-of-Period Adjustment&#x201D; below. The
liability was adjusted for changes in fair value until the earliest
of the exercise
 expiration of the convertible preferred stock
warrant and conversion to a warrant to purchase common stock.
Immediately prior to the closing of the IPO
 the Company&#x2019;s
outstanding convertible preferred stock warrant was automatically
converted into a common stock warrant to purchase a total of 80
560
shares of common stock and the related convertible preferred stock
warrant liability was reclassified to additional paid-in
capital.
Convertible Preferred
Stock


IPO
 the holders of the Company&#x2019;s convertible preferred stock
controlled the vote of stockholders and board of directors through
appointed representatives. As a result
 the holders of the
convertible preferred stock could have forced a change of control
that would have triggered liquidation. As redemption of the
convertible preferred stock through liquidation was outside of the
Company&#x2019;s control
 all shares of convertible preferred stock
have been presented outside of permanent equity on the consolidated
balance sheet as of March&#xA0;31
 2012.
Sales Recognition and
Sales Incentives


Company&#x2019;s products are recognized when persuasive evidence of
an arrangement exists
 the price is fixed or determinable
ownership and risk of loss have been transferred to the customer
either upon delivery or pick up of products by the customer and
there is a reasonable assurance of collection of the sales
proceeds. Generally
 the Company extends uncollateralized credit to
its retailers and distributors ranging up to 30 days and performs
ongoing credit evaluation of its customers. The payment terms are
typically net-30 with a discount for net-10 payment. The Company
recognizes sales net of estimated trade allowances
 slotting fees
sales incentives
 cash discounts
 returns and coupons. The cost of
these trade allowances
 slotting fees and sales incentives is
estimated using a number of factors
 including estimated units
sold
 customer participation and redemption rates. The Company has
entered into contracts with some retailers granting an allowance
for spoils and damaged products. Amounts related to shipping and
handling that are billed to customers are reflected in net sales
and the related shipping and handling costs are reflected in
selling
 general and administrative expenses.
Cost of
Sales


consists of the costs of ingredients utilized in the manufacture of
products
 contract manufacturing fees
 packaging and in-bound
freight charges.&#xA0;Ingredients account for the largest portion
of the cost of sales
 followed by contract manufacturing fees and
packaging.

&#xA0;
Shipping and Handling
Costs


handling costs are included in selling
 general and administrative
expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Shipping and
handling costs primarily consist of costs associated with moving
finished products to customers
 including costs associated with the
Company&#x2019;s distribution center
 route delivery costs and the
cost of shipping products to customers through third-party
carriers. Shipping and handling costs recorded as a component of
selling
 general and administrative expenses were $5.7 million
$4.8 million and $4.7 million for the years ended March&#xA0;31
2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.
Research and Development
Costs


development costs consist of the costs incurred to develop new
products. These costs include consumer research
 prototype
development
 materials and resources to conduct trial production
runs
 package development and employee-related costs for personnel
responsible for product innovation. Research and development costs
recorded as a component of selling
 general and administrative
expenses were approximately $2.8 million
 $2.0 million and $2.1
million for the years ended March&#xA0;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
respectively.
Advertising
Costs


costs include the costs of producing advertisements and the costs
of communicating advertisements. The costs of producing
advertisements are expensed as incurred and the costs of
communicating advertising are expensed over the period of
communication. Total advertising costs for the years ended
March&#xA0;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011 included in selling
 general and
administrative expenses were approximately $0.9 million
 $1.2
million and $0.8 million
 respectively.
Product
Recall


establishes reserves for product recalls on a product-specific
basis when circumstances giving rise to the recall become known.
The Company
 when establishing reserves for a product recall
considers cost estimates for any fees and incentives to customers
for their effort to return the product
 freight and destruction
charges for returned products
 warehouse and inspection fees
repackaging materials
 point-of-sale materials and other costs
including costs incurred by contract manufacturers. Additionally
the Company estimates product returns from consumers and customers
across distribution channels
 utilizing third-party data and other
assumptions. These factors are updated and reevaluated each period
and the related reserves are adjusted when these factors indicate
that the recall reserves are either insufficient to cover or exceed
the estimated product recall expenses.


changes in the assumptions used to develop estimates for product
recall reserves could affect key financial information
 including
accounts receivable
 inventory
 accrued liabilities
 net sales
gross profit
 operating expenses and net income. In addition
estimating product recall reserves requires a high degree of
judgment in areas such as estimating consumer returns
 shelf and
in-stock inventory at retailers across distribution channels
 fees
and incentives to be earned by customers for their effort to return
the products
 future freight rates and consumers&#x2019;
claims.
Segment
Reporting


determined its operating segment on the same basis that it uses to
evaluate its performance internally. The Company has one business
activity
 marketing and distribution of natural and organic food
products
 and operates as one operating segment. The
Company&#x2019;s chief operating decision-maker
 its chief executive
officer
 reviews its operating results on an aggregate basis for
purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial
performance.
Stock-Based
Compensation


maintains performance incentive plans under which nonqualified
stock options
 restricted stock units and performance share units
are granted to eligible employees and directors. The cost of
stock-based transactions is recognized in the financial statements
based upon fair value. The fair value of restricted stock units and
performance share units is determined based on the number of units
granted and the closing price of the Company&#x2019;s common stock
as of the grant date. Additionally
 stock-based compensation
related to performance share units reflects the estimated probable
outcome at the end of the performance period. The fair value of
stock options is determined as of the grant date using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model. Fair value is recognized as
expense on a straight line basis
 net of estimated forfeitures
over the employee requisite service period.


tax deductions in excess of recognized compensation costs are
reported as a credit to additional paid-in capital and as financing
cash flows
 but only when such excess tax benefits are realized by
a reduction to current taxes payable.
Treasury
Stock


accounts for treasury stock under the cost method
 and upon
retirement of the treasury stock
 charges the excess of the
purchase price and the par value per share of common stock entirely
to additional paid-in capital.
Income
Taxes


are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax
consequences attributable to differences between the financial
statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and
their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit
carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted tax rates applicable to taxable income in the years
in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered
or settled. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax
assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that
includes the enactment date. The Company recognizes deferred tax
assets when
 based upon available evidence
 realization of the
assets is more likely than not.


standard for uncertainty in income taxes prescribes a recognition
threshold that a tax position is required to meet before being
recognized in the financial statements and provides guidance on
derecognition
 measurement
 classification
 interest and penalties
accounting in interim periods
 disclosure and transition issues.
Differences between tax positions taken in a tax return and amounts
recognized in the financial statements generally result in an
increase in a liability for income taxes payable or a reduction of
an income tax refund receivable
 or a reduction in a deferred tax
asset or an increase in a deferred tax liability
 or
both.


recognizes interest and penalties related to tax positions in
income tax expense. To the extent that accrued interest and
penalties do not ultimately become payable
 amounts accrued will be
reduced and reflected as a reduction of the overall income tax
provision in the period that such determination is made. No
interest or penalties have been accrued for any period
presented.


year ended March&#xA0;31
 2013
 the Company recognized $21.4
million of tax deductions associated with stock option exercises.
As of March&#xA0;31
 2013
 $20.0 million of these tax deductions
are considered &#x201C;excess&#x201D; stock compensation related
deductions. Such &#x201C;excess&#x201D; stock compensation related
tax deductions are required to be recorded directly to
additional-paid-in-capital (rather than as a tax benefit to the
income statement) when the tax savings are realized on the
Company&#x2019;s tax returns. In determining the amount of cash tax
savings realized from the excess stock compensation deductions
 the
Company&#x2019;s accounting policy is to follow the tax law ordering
approach
 which provides that tax benefits follow the sequence in
which these amounts are utilized for tax reporting purposes. As a
result of the excess stock-based compensation deductions in fiscal
2013
 the Company reduced its taxes payable and credited
additional-paid-in-capital for $8.1 million.
Net Income Per Share of
Common Stock


income per share of common stock is calculated by dividing the net
income attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average
number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period.
Diluted net income per share of common stock is computed by giving
effect to all potentially dilutive securities outstanding during
the period. The Company utilized the if-converted method and the
treasury stock method to calculate potential common shares that
underlay its convertible preferred stock and the warrant to
purchase its convertible preferred stock
 respectively.
Additionally
 the Company utilizes the treasury stock method to
calculate potential common shares that underlie stock options to
purchase common stock and restricted stock units. Performance share
units are excluded from potential common shares since no shares
were issuable as of March&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012. The performance
share units vest based on achievement of specified percentage of
targeted cumulative compounded adjusted diluted earnings per share
growth rate during the three-year period ending March&#xA0;31
2015.

&#xA0;


common shares from (i)&#xA0;the convertible preferred stock warrant
and restricted stock units for the fiscal year ended March&#xA0;31
2012; (ii)&#xA0;the convertible preferred stock for the fiscal
years ended March&#xA0;31
 2012 and 2011; and (iii)&#xA0;certain
stock options to purchase Company&#x2019;s common stock for the
fiscal year ended March&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012; had an
anti-dilutive effect on the earnings per share
 and
 accordingly
were excluded from the calculation.


attributable to common stockholders during the fiscal years ended
March&#xA0;31
 2012 and 2011 was allocated using the two-class
method. The two-class method is an earnings allocation method for
calculating earnings per share when a company&#x2019;s capital
structure includes two or more classes of common stock or common
stock and participating securities. Under this method
 the Company
reduced income from operations by the dividends paid to convertible
preferred stockholders and the rights of the convertible preferred
stockholders to participate in any undistributed earnings. The
undistributed earnings were allocated based on the relative
percentage of weighted average shares of outstanding convertible
preferred stock to the total number of weighted average shares of
outstanding common and convertible preferred stock.
Out-of-Period
Adjustment


2012
 the Company corrected an error in the measurement of the
convertible preferred stock warrant liability. The correction
increased the fair value of the convertible preferred stock warrant
liability by $949
000
 decreased additional paid-in capital by
$431
000 with a corresponding increase in expense of $518
000
which was recorded in other income (expense)
 net in the
accompanying statement of operations during fiscal 2012. The
correction was an accumulation of an error that should have been
recorded in prior periods and would have increased net loss for
fiscal 2009 by $44
000
 increased net income by $79
000 for fiscal
2010 and decreased net income by $553
000 for fiscal 2011.
Management assessed the impact of this error and does not believe
that it is material
 either individually or in the aggregate
 to
any prior period financial statements or to the financial
statements for the year ended March&#xA0;31
 2012.

&#xA0;





        
          

        
          
            

 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).  Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      







          

        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment (that is
 the periods of time over which an entity allocates the initial cost of its property
 plant and equipment).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


comprised of the following (in thousands):

&#xA0;















March&#xA0;31


















1
391



1
938








2
142












11
614



7
510



























15
147



10
202

























Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net
        


equipment
 net are comprised of the following (in
thousands):

&#xA0;















March&#xA0;31














Equipment and
automotive



2
959



1
730








2
410



1
188




Leasehold
improvements



1
195








































Total property and
equipment



6
808



3
836




Less: Accumulated
depreciation and amortization



(1
760



(1
719




Construction in
progress



1
090



2
181























Property and equipment
net



6
138



4
298

























Intangible Assets
 Net
        


assets
 net are comprised of the following (in
thousands):

&#xA0;















March&#xA0;31


















1
023



1
023




Other intangible
assets































Total intangible
assets



1
212



1
212




Less: accumulated
amortization































Intangible assets
net



1
116



1
176

























        
        


table shows the components of accrued liabilities (in
thousands):

&#xA0;















March&#xA0;31














Payroll and
employee-related expenses



3
779



2
768




Accrued trade
expenses



2
299



2
631




Inventory received not
invoiced



4
038





















Brokerage
commissions












Other accrued
liabilities



1
238



























Total accrued
liabilities



12
021



7
452



























        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may be broken down by segment or major class.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

Activity of stock options
under our 2004 Plan
 non-plan option awards and Omnibus Incentive
Plan is set forth below:




























of&#xA0;Shares



Exercise Price





(in Years)




Value




















Balance
 March&#xA0;31
2012



1
759
367




















91
239




















(15
606




















(631
010











































Balance
 March&#xA0;31
2013



1
203
990











































Vested and expected to
vest&#x2014;March 31
 2013



990
823











27
000







































Exercisable&#x2014;March 31
2013



747
273











22
816









































        
        
The following table
summarizes information about stock options outstanding at
March&#xA0;31
 2013:

&#xA0;



















Options
Outstanding









Outstanding





(Years)



Exercisable






167
835







167
835






253
501







253
501






23
789







23
789






77
101







77
101






186
624







181
668






154
925







43
379






248
976














91
239





































1
203
990







747
273





























        
        

The Company uses the
Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of
stock options. The valuation model for stock compensation expense
requires the Company to make assumptions and judgments about the
variables used in the calculation including the expected term
(weighted-average period of time that the options granted are
expected to be outstanding); volatility of the Company&#x2019;s
common stock
 an assumed-risk-free interest rate and the estimated
forfeitures of unvested stock options.


















Fiscal Year Ended
March&#xA0;31














Expected term (in
years)










Expected
volatility










Risk-free interest
rate










Expected dividend
rate












        
        
The following table
summarizes the activity of unvested restricted stock units and
performance share units:

&#xA0;
















Shares-Based
Awards








Fair Value





Unvested at March 31
2012



65
899












10
398

























(5
132



























Unvested at March 31
2013



71
165































        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 weighted-average exercise price (or conversion ratio)
 aggregate intrinsic value (except for nonpublic entities)
 and weighted-average remaining contractual term of options (or share units) currently exercisable (or convertible).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

551

589

155


        
        

141

159


        
        

842)

400


        

551
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

129
334

089

884


Potential restricted stock units
 as calculated using treasury stock method

295
        
        


        

707
839

111
088

201
125


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

210

999

561



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

680




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 36
 37
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 11
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 17
 18
 19
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      


 2013

          



        
        


        
        


        

         2004




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

239

698
135

221
571



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

221
571

221
571



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

239

304
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

700
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

560
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 13
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      







          

        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E83@W-&%D-5]F
#DQ7S0Y9&1?8F4U.5\U-F-B
M-C4X86$V



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E83@W-&%D-5]F,#DQ7S0Y9&1?8F4U.5\U
M-F-B-C4X86$V,3@-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO96$X
M-S1A9#5?9C`Y





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


M7T)A;&%N8V5?4VAE971S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U



M7U-T871E;65N='-?;V9?3W!E/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*

M:&5E='



#I.86UE/D1E<V-R


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*


MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0F%L86YC95]3
M:&5E=%]#;VUP;VYE;G1S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U



M0V]M;6ET;65N='-?86YD7T-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@(`\






























T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


T0B5V]R:W-H

#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS

O4VAE970S
2YH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E

\+W@Z



M968]


O4VAE
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R
M8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T

S8N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7







M($A2968]


O
M4VAE970T
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O

O4VAE970T





M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7






&-E






M.DYA;64^0V]M;6ET;65N='-?86YD7T-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97-?



#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O
M=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E=',O4VAE970U,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@

M='
O4VAE970U
#I.86UE/D-O;G9E<G1I8FQE





O4VAE970U-RYH


#I.86UE


O4VAE970V
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC

O4VAE
M970V




O
M4VAE970V






O4VAE970V-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-








&-E;%=O<FMS




O4VAE970W
BYH











#I0<F]T
3X-B`@(#QP/E1H:7



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E83@W-&%D-5]F
#DQ7S0Y
M9&1?8F4U.5\U-F-B-C4X86$V



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W




3(@
M36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@8V]L


S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

]






]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R
M:6]D($5N9!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y-
M87(@


]


]
M


M9VX]


]

]
T1T97AT/D%.3DE%)U






]



RTS


]


]

]









]
T1R





T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(%!U8FQI

L
M-C`P+#`P

#(N:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$




]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@





S`\

M(#4V

]










]






]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT










]
T1N=6UP
M/C$L

M1&YU;7`^


RPW




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5F
M97)R960@:6YI=&EA;!P=6)L:6



]
T1N=6UP/C4L


]
T1N=6UP/C$U-SQS


M;7`^.3`L



251)15
Z

]
M

]
T1N=6UP
M/C0L





]
T1N=6UP/C$L


BPP


CQS



]





]
T1N=6UP/C(L




]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/C(T+#(X


T1T;W`^0V]M;6ET;65N='
@
M86YD(&-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97


]


]


3(L
C@Q+#4U



]
T1T97AT/CQS


M








Q+`R,#$R/]T

]

M
#`L
#`P(&%N9`R-PP
#`L


Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R

M870@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P




M.3
L



]

]

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S.PX

]

M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S-PT

]





M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E83@W-&%D-5]F,#DQ7S0Y9&1?8F4U.5\U
M-F-B-C4X86$V,3@-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO96$X
M-S1A9#5?9C`Y

O
M4VAE970P
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQS



]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#









]


]





]

]


BPT


BPT







]

M:&%R97



]
T1T97AT/B9N



]
T1T97AT


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



#`L

C0L
#`P+#`P
M

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!S:&%R97
@:7-S=65D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T
M;V-K+!S:&%R97



M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E83@W-&%D-5]F,#DQ7S0Y9&1?8F4U
M.5\U-F-B-C4X86$V,3@-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M96$X-S1A9#5?9C`Y

M='



T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R




^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
38Y+#DW-SQS

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
M


2PP.#`@

M1&YU;7`^

]






]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V5L;&EN9RP@9V5N97)A;!A




]





T1T;W`^5&]T86P@





]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#$L




]





]
T1N=6UP/C@L





T1T;W`^
M3F5T(&EN8V]M92!A='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K:&]L9&5R



M



]






@;V8@8V]M






M
3(Y+#



]
T1N=6UP/C$L
C`Q+#$R





^+RH@1&\@


$5)

]




]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


#DQ
M7S0Y9&1?8F4U.5\U-F-B-C4X86$V

M

G

L(&5X

M87-S/3-$=&@^5&]T86P\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$


MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^061D:71I;VYA;!086ED+6EN($-A


]







]





]

]




M1&YU;3XH


]


]


]


]


]


]



]

M1&YU;3XH
S`L

]



]
T1N=6T^*#

]


]









]
T1N=6T^*#8P





]


]
T1N=6T^*#0S



M97)C:7-E(&]F('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G


]


]


]


]





M


T1T


]




]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#$S+#4U

]
T1R93X-



]

S$L(#(P
3(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@







]
T1T


M



]
T1N=6UP/C(L













]
T1N=6T^*#@Q+#
W




]
T1T97AT/CQS

]





]



T1T;W`^4VAA


]


]



]
T1R93X-


]


]





M:&%R97

S$L
#$P



M-C
Q+#`Q

]
M

]






]



]





]


]
T1N=6UP/C@L



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C8S
M+#$Y

]
T1T

]







]
T1N=6UP
M/C$L




M1&YU;7`^


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/DYE=!I;F-O;64\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#4U


]


]


T1T;W`^16YD:6YG($)A;&%N8V4@870@36%R
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

M-2PY






M;B!S:&%R97

S$L(#(P
3


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$V+#@T.2PP



M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*







]




@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L
M(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q

]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3$L



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C`L


M8V]N8VEL92!N970@:6YC;VUE('1O(&YE=!C87-H('!R;W9I9&5D(&)Y(AU


]



]
T1N=6UP/C$L
M






]
T1N=6UP/C$L



@86YD(&]T:&5R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



]

M97

]
T1N=6UP/C4U/'-P86X^




]
T1N=6T^*#@L






]
T1T


M










]


;W-S(&]N


]


S0I/'-P86X^

M;VYG/D-H86YG97

M97


]





]
T1N=6T^*#4L


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#4V
2D\








]
T1N=6T^*#DL-#DY*3QS



]
T1N=6T^*#$L








]
T1R974^

\


M








T1T;W`^3F5T



RPU


]





M(&9R;VT@8W)E9&ET(&9A8VEL:71Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

RPW






]


]


]
M


M




M8GD@9FEN86YC:6YG('1R86YS86-T:6]N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L


]

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&EV:61E;F1S('!A:60\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
BPU





RPS









3DL
3(U

]
T1T97AT

]






]
T1N=6UP/C$U


T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'

M8VES97






M960@:6XI(&9I;F%N8VEN9R!A8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


]




]
T1N





M3$5-14Y404P@1$E30TQ/4U5215




M87-H('!A:60@9F]R(&EN=&5R97-T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S





3QS

]





M(&EN=&\@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

2PS-S






C




]


]


M965T

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]

]





M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`T)3L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@

4


40[*2P@82!$96QA=V%R92!C;W)P;W)A=&EO;@T*:6YC;W)P;W)A=&5D

C@L(#(P












]

T1)1#!%040^#0H@(`@(`\




]

M:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M9PT*4&]L:6-I97


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!-05)'24XM0D]45$]-







#%#.U4N4RX@1T%!

#$Y
M.W

M+B!A;F0@06YN:64F(W@R
#$Y.W

L($EN8RX@06QL(&EN


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X


@
M;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&%T(&%N(&]F9F5R:6YG('!R:6-E(&]F(0Q.2XP
M,!P97(-G-H87)E(&%N9!R86ES960@)#$Q+C$@;6EL;&EO;B!I;B!N970@






3$
L('-O;&0@-XX)B-X03`[;6EL;&EO;B!S:&%R97,@
M870@=&AE(0Q.2XP


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M




M=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W







63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY0=7)S=6%N=!T;R!T:&4-D-O;7!A
M;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W

M87
@875T:&]R:7IE9`T*
S4L
#`P+#`P
!S:&%R97,@;V8@8V%P:71A;!S
M=&]C:RP@
S`L
#`P+#`P



T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$





3(L('1H92!#






M.B`Q

C`Q
RP@=&AE($-O;7!A

M:6X@=VAI8V@@4V]L97)A('-O;&0@
RPU
#`L


XP,!P97(@

M(0P+C4@;6EL;&EO;BP@:6YC;'5D:6YG#0IL96=A;P@86-C;W5N=&EN9R!A










M;&4]




@=&AA=!A9F9E8W0-G1H92!R




M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`T)3L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@




@T*;6EL
M;&EO;B!A;F0@)#4N

M;R!A;&QO=V%N8V4@9F]R(&1O=6)T9G5L(&%C8V]U;G1S(&%S(&]F#0I-87)C


M93TS1=-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q,G!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@-4[($U!4D=)

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@=VET:`T*
3`E

#$Y.W
@;F5T('-A;&5S(&%N

05!313H@8V]L;&%P

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



T0Q



M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M/3-$

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


3XF(WA!

M86QI9VX]
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(,P
M,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L<W!A;CTS1#(@
M86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I

#M#/]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P





2P\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]

3XF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXR



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]





T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W


T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT




M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT





M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M



M9VX]



3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!







63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXE)B-X

T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

3XF(WA!



F4]
M




M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!


T1B;W1T




MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
T0R
M/B4F(WA!







30[)B-X

M9#X-CPO='(^#0H\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!;V1Y(TM/CPO=&%B;&4^#0H\

#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@


M

T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0T)2!A;&EG;CTS


M9VX]
T1T;W`@86QI9VX]



4^#0H\='(^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF




3
L('1W;PT*8W5S=&]M

V)2!A;F0@


3



T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@








M;VUP86YY(&]U='-O=7)C97







T0R/D9A:7(@=F%L=64@:7






T0R/DQE=F5L#0HQ)B-X







F(W@R
#$T
M.U5N;V)S97)V86)L92!I;G!U='



M#0HF(WA!

M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`T)3L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@





#(P

M:6YS=')U;65N='
L(&EN8VQU9&EN9PT*86-C;W5N='

M86-C;W5N='








M:&5R(&EN8V]M92`H97AP96YS92DL#0IN970@86YD('1H92!R96QA=&5D(&QI


M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`T)3L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@




T0R/CQB/DEN=F5N=&]R:65S

F4]
M











@=&AE(&1I9F9E




M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$





M87




T0Y
M
B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^#0H\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^
M#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY3;V9T=V%R93PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CY0;&%T97
@86YD(&1I97



T0R/C

\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/DQE87-E:&]L9!I;7!R;W9E;65N=',\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M9#X-CPO='(^#0H\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!;V1Y(TM/CPO=&%B;&4^#0H\


M='
#(P







L(&YE=!O9B!A8V-U;75L871E9!A;6]R


'!X





M24Y$14Y4.B`T)3L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@








M:6YE('=H971H97(@:70@:7


@


M


#$Y.W




T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


T0G34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@-G!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@-4[($U!4D=)3BU3U143TTZ(#!P


@97AP

M:7






<^#0H\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$






L('-U8V@@87



4
[3W5T




@875T



T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$









#$Y.W



T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M

'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M96-O9VYI=&EO;B!A;F0-E-A;&5S($EN8V5N=&EV97,\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO


T0G1D].

@9FEX960@;W(@9&5T97)M:6YA8FQE+`T*








@:6YC96YT




M960@=&\@8W5S=&]M97)S(&%R92!R969L96-T960@:6X@;F5T('-A;&5S#0IA













'!X
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`T)3L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@


M='



Q+`T*
C`Q
RP@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
M



T0R/CQB



T0G1D].





BXP(&UI;&QI;VX@


Q+`R,#$S+`R

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X




@96YD


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4


@9F]R('!R;V1U8W0@


M:6=H=!A;F0@9&5S=')U8W1I;VX-F-H87)G97
@9F]R(')E='5R;F5D('!R


@86YD

@:6YC=7)R960@8GD@8V]N








M97AP96YS97


'!X)SX-


@86-R;W-S

@





T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

'!X
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


M97
@87

@8VAI



T0R/CQB

#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#0E.R!-
M05)'24XM0D]45$]-.B`P<'@G/@T*/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&04U)


N(%1H




#$Y.W
@




M(&ES(')E8V]G;FEZ960@87


M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4:&4@8F5N
M969I='



@

F4]
M


63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M='


T0R/DEN8V]M92!T


M8FEL:71I97

M;VYS97%U96YC97


@








@:7
@;6]R92!L:6ME;'D@


'!X)SX-
F4],T0R/E1H92!A8V-O=6YT:6YG#0IS=&%N9&%R9!F;W(@=6YC97)T

@82!R96-O9VYI=&EO







M9F5R96YC97






T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M


@:6X-FEN8V]M
M92!T87@@97AP96YS92X@5&\@=&AE(&5X=&5N=!T:&%T(&%C8W)U960@:6YT

@9&\@;F]T('5L=&EM871E;'D@8F5C;VUE


@82!R961U8W1I;VX@;V8@=&AE(&]V97)A;&P@:6YC


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

S$L(#(P
M
3
L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]G;FEZ960@)#(Q+C0-FUI;&QI;VX@;V8@
M=&%X(&1E9'5C=&EO;G,@87-S;V-I871E9!W:71H('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;B!E


#$S+`D,C`N,!M


40[('-T;V-K(&-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B!R



C`Q

M97-E(&%M;W5N='



3
L('1H



#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#0E.R!-
M05)'24XM0D]45$]-.B`P<'@G/@T*/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&04U)

@;F5T#0II;F-O



M('1H92!I9BUC;VYV97)T960@;65T:&]D(&%N9!T:&4-G1R96%S=7)Y('-T



@=&AE('1R96%S=7)Y('-T;V-K



M=&EV92!C;VUP;W5N9&5D(&%D:G5S=&5D(&1I;'5T960@96%R;FEN9W




T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M




3([

#$R



M)3L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
F4],T0R/DYE=!I;F-O;64-

Q+`R,#$R(&%N
M9`R


@=V5R92!A;&QO
M8V%T960@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE(')E;&%T:79E#0IP97)C96YT86=E(&]F('=E




T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!4







S$L
#`P('=I=&@@82!C;W)R97-P;VYD:6YG(&EN8W)E87-E



M
C`Q





#$Q+@T*

@97)R;W(@
M86YD(&1O97


@;W(@=&\@=&AE

M8V@F(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q
<^#0HF(WA!








]




]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

]
T1T97AT/CQD:78^#0H\




'!X)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$




#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@


M

M/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.#`E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D



6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@8V]L<W!A;CTS1#8@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<@<VEZ93TS1#$^/&(^36%R
M8V@F(WA!
#LS




M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


C`Q

M#0H\+W1R/@T*/$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@2&5A9`M+3X\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A






T0G




$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/]T<CX-
MCQT<CX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


T0G

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXR+#$T
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXW-30\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]




M1CX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


T0G1D].






T0R/C$Q
M+#8Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M




M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!


M9VX]

#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!









M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
$$P.SPO
M<#X-CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/'`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/'`@<W1Y
M;&4],T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`S<'@@9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\

P
#`P
#`@



63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

05!313H@

T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$


M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0V(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N



S$L/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3

3XF(WA!
M
F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO



M/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!;V1Y(TM/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT



T1B;W1T;VT@



M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]


M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q





M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#$X.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M



M



M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!
M4D=)3BU



M=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B





M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!






T0R/C
U
M
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N



7!X)SX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M5$]0.B`C
#`P


65M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]





T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W



M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M



M




T1T;W`^






M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,2PW-C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

F4]
T0R




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]





T1B;W1T;VT@



M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]



M9VX]






T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P




M=6EP;65N=P-FYE=#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



T0R/B0\+V9O


T1B;W1T

#`P
$$P.SPO<#X-CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/'`@<W1Y
M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\

P
#`P
#`@





3
L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P

#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#0E.R!-05)'24XM0D]45$]-.B`P<'@G/@T*/&9O




M(WA!



M:`D-C(Y+#`P,!W87


T-BPP
#`@=V%S(')E8V]R9&5D


S$L(#(P
3




M33H@





T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H

M

M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT
F4]
M

S$L/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@



M;B!486)L92!;V1Y(TM/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N






M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^

T0G5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/D]T:&5R

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O







M86QI9VX]

#`P
#`P(#%P

T1B;W1T


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M

M8V]L;W(]

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!






T0R/C$L





M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


T0R/B@Y-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


3XF(WA!
M





7!X
M)SX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-CQP('-T


M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY);G1A

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


T0R/C$L


F4],T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#$W-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M
7!X)SX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M(WA!



T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P





'!X
2!A



M970@;V8@)#$N

M


G!X.R!415A4+4E.



#`P(&%N9`T*)#DL
#`P(&]N(&ET

C`Q
RP@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
M
C`Q

T0G
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@







M='





S$L(#(P
3
@86YD#0HR
#$R(&EN8VQU







T0W-B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^#0H\
M(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0X
M
24^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

Q+#PO8CX\+V9O

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]


B!A

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]








M;&4]








M;&4]

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]



M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M






T0R/C(L-C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF



M

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXU



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].





63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^






T0R/C(V-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

T0C



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT

3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!








M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




M

#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\


M9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]






T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ,BPP,C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]




M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@




M
#`P

M03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C

#L\+W`^#0H\(2TM





]
T1R





#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@


]







T0G1D].



2XP#0IM:6QL:6]N+B!);B!-87)C:`R,#`X+!T:&4@


M86=R965M96YT('=I=&@-F%N;W1H97(@;&5N9&5R(A.;W1E(#4I+B!);B!!

C`Q
P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@86UE;F1E9!T:&4-D-R961I=!!


@=&\@)#$P+C`@;6EL;&EO;B!A;F0@

M
C`L(#(P
3(N($EN($1E8V5M8F5R(#(P
3$L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&5N=&5R



@
M;&EN92!O9@T*8W)E9&ET('1O(0R,XP(&UI;&QI;VX@86YD(&%N(&5X=&5N

C`Q-X@26X@36%R
M8V@@,C`Q,RP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@96YT97)E9!I;G1O(&%N;W1H97(@86UE
M;F1M96YT('1O#0II='
@8W)E9&ET(&9A8VEL:71Y+B!4:&ES(&%M96YD;65N



F4]
T0R


M(&9A8VEL:71Y.B`H:2DF(WA!
#M
24)/4B`H87



M=!W87,@,2XT-24L(#(N-S0E(&%N9`Q+C8X)2!F;W(@=&AE('EE87)S#0IE

Q+`R,#$S+`R
#$R(&%N9`R,#$Q+!R97-P

M8V]M;6ET;65N='
L(&EF('1H92!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!B86QA;F-E(&ES(&QE


M92!R86YG:6YG(&9R;VT@
XR-24@=&\@,XT

S
N
!M:6QL:6]N(&%N9`D-RXR


M
T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@


M8V]N=&%I;G




BXW-2!T;R`Q+C`@





T0R/E1H97)E(&%R90T*



M:6)L92!N970@=V]R=&@-F-O=F5N86YT(&%N9!A(&UI;FEM=6T@9FEX960@



@87
@;V8@
M36%R8V@F(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
BX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]D


M83@W-&%D-5]F
#DQ7S0Y9&1?8F4U.5\U-F-B-C4X86$V

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4








]
T1R93X-

]
T1T97AT/CQD:78^#0H\



T0R/CQB/C4N)B-X03`[3F]T97






M96YT97)E9!I;G1O(&$@3&]A;B!A;F0@4V5C=7)I='D@06=R965M96YT(AT


4

40[*2!A


;V%N(&%D=F%N8V5S(&EN(&%N(&%G9W)E9V%T92!A;6]U;G0@
M=7`@=&\@)#
N
!M:6QL:6]N(&EN(&UI;FEM=6T-FEN8W)E;65N='
@;V8@
M)#$N

M;6EL;&EO;@T*:6X@075G=7-T(#(P




2PP


M33H@







@:6X-F-O;7!L:6%N8V4@=VET:!T:&4@=&5R
M;7
@;V8@=&AE($QO86X@06=R965M96YT+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+V1I=CX\







]

T1)1#!%040^

M=&EO;G



]





3$




T0R/DEN









@;&]N

M:2DF(WA!






T0R/DEN(&-O;G-I9&5R871I;VX@











@96YD960@36%R8V@F(WA!
#LS
M
2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q


M(&%S('-U8V@@=&AE#0I#;VUP86YY('!A:60@=&\@4V]L97)A(&$@;VYE+71I





3@L(#(P
3
L




63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E
M83@W-&%D-5]F
#DQ7S0Y9&1?8F4U.5\U-F-B-C4X86$V
3@O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS

@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$






4

M

3`@1FEF=&@@4W1R

#LQ
M-2P@
C`Q



C`Q



96%S92P@=&AE





M=&\@=&AE#0I

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$



#(P,40[
M(&%N9P-G1O9V5T:&5R('=I=&@@=&AE($9I<G-T($]P=&EO;BP@=&AE(8C

4

F(W@R
#%$.RDN#0I#;VYC=7)R96YT;'D@




@87!P;&EC86)L92X@5&AE(&QA;F1L;W)D(&ES(')E

$$P.S$L(#(P,34N($EF('1H92!#
M;VUP86YY(&1O97,@;F]T#0IA9W)E92!W:71H('1H92!P<F]P;W-E9!F86ER


@9&5T

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@


M
S(L
#`P+`D-#@P+#`P,!A;F0@)#
P.2PP
#`L#0IR97-P96-T:79E;'DN


M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


@=6YD97(@=&AE(&YO;F-A;F-E;&%B;&4@

#LS
2P@
C`Q
R!A



M



M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XG




M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D





M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/C(P
34\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]

F4],T0R/C8U,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&


M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR

T0Q

M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXV-CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
T0R
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/]T<CX-CQT<CX-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]



3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!





T0G5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/C(P
3@\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR

M

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXU.#8\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/]T<CX-CQT<B!S='EL



T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/C


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@

#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CX\8CY0=7)C:&%S90T*0V]M;6ET;65N=',\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO


T0G1D].



@=&\@8F4@=7-E9!I
M;B!T:&4-F9U='5R92!T;R!M86YU9F%C='5R92!I='

N($%S

S$L(#(P
3

3D[

M('=H:6-H#0IW:6QL('-U8G-T86YT:6%L;'D@8F4@:6YC=7)R960@:6X@9FES
M8V%L(#(P


'!X)SX-

M)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P
3


@)#0U

F4]
M
T0R/DEN($YO=F5M8F5R#0HR



3@N($%S(&]F#0I-87)C




63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY
M)B-X




@:6YD96UN:69I



T0G34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@

'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CY

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



@;W(@8V%S:`T*
M9FQO=W



M+U-H965T

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE




3(@

S$L(#(P
3




@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$




F4]
M


BP@
C`Q
BP@=&AE#0IO=71S=&%N9&EN9R!S
M:&%R97




'!X

F4]
T0R/E1H92!C;VYV97)T:6)L90T*

S$L(#(P

M='


M:#TS1#DR)2!B;W)D97(]

M3$Q!4%-%(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-3$E
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-
MCQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3X\8CY3:&%R97,\8G(@+SX-D%U=&AO

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

T0R

7!X('-O

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M(&-O;'-P86X]

M;W1T;VTZ


3XF(WA!
M

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<@<VEZ
M93TS1#(^,RPX,#(L,#@V/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@;F]W<F%P/3-$;F]W

F4]

M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]


T0R/C
L.#`R+#`X-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!





C
L

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXT
2PT

M=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG






@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT+#@P-BPP












M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\


T0R/C


M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU
PR,C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!N;W=R87`]



#!E;3L@=&5X

M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY397)I97
@02`R
#`U($-O;G9E












RPV-S
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXT,PW.#
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
6QE/3-$9F]N

M86QI9VX]


T1B

#`P
M
#`P)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-

P
#`P
#`G/B8C

M



T1B;W1T;VT^

#`P
#`P)SXF
M(WA!

P
#`P


T0G
M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
RXP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N
F4]
M

M/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ,BPS-#8L-34U/]F;VYT




M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
F4]
M
T0R/C$R+#(X
2PU-3


T0Q/B8C





T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG

P
#`P

P
#`P

MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P

M(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P
#`P)SXF(WA!





@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


@96YD960@36%R8V@F(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
M
C`Q









'!X.R!T97AT+6EN


T0R/E1H92!H;VQD97)S(&]F#0IS:&%R97
@;V8@




M8V5P=&EO;G







3(L('1H92!#;VUP




M;B!R871I;R!F;W(@96%C:!S97)I97,@;V8@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4-G!R969E


M(&]F('1H92!)4$\L('1H92!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!S:&%R97


M9#5?9C`Y

O4VAE
M970Q-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P






]


]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#






#M#;VYV97)T:6)L


'!X.R!T



#@L#0II;B!C




2PP
#`@*$YO=&4@
BDN(%1H92!W87)R86YT
&5R8VES86)L92!O;B!T:&4-F1A=&4@;V8@
M:7-S=6%N8V4@86YD('=A<R!S8VAE9'5L960@=&\@97AP:7)E(&%T('1H92!E
M87)L:65R(&]F(&9I=F4-GEE87)S(&9R;VT@82!Q=6%L:69Y:6YG($E03R!O


M;VUP86YY)B-X
C`Q.3MS#0I)4$\@;VX@07!R:6PF(WA!
#LR+`R,#$R+!T




3(L(#(P




S8W('-H

@82!R97-U;'0L#0IT

@-C
L




'!X/@T*)B-X



M8V]M97



#L\+W`^

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

3XF(WA!
#L\

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


$$P.S(P

M














F4]
M





T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
M
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
F4]




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL
F4]

M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M9VX]






T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO


G!X.VUA


T0R/CQI
M/E)E;6%I;FEN9PT*0V]N=')A8W1U86P@3&EF93PO:3XN)B-X03`[5&AE($-O



#LQ
BP@
C`Q









T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CX\:3Y$:79I9&5N9`T*66EE;&0N)B-X
M03`[/]I/D%L=&AO=6=H('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&EN('1H92!P87-T(&1E8VQA

L(&YO(&9U='5R92!D:79I9&5N9'




C`Q



M
3@L

M;G
@*$YO=&4F(WA!

3(L('1H


R!F:6YA
M;F-I86P@;&EA8FEL:71Y#0IS:6YC92!T:&5R92!W87
@;F\@;6%R:V5T(&%C

@;V8@=&AE#0HR
#`U




'!X.R!T




M

M8V5N=&5R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.#4E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]


P
#`P





M;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



Q+`T*
C`Q
CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M;&4]



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
SPO9F]N=#X\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M;&4]

7!X/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

P
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
F4]
T0R/C(L



P
#`P

P
#`P
3X-
MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E83@W-&%D-5]F
#DQ7S0Y
M9&1?8F4U.5\U-F-B-C4X86$V


T0G




M/3-$

]




T0G
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@

F4]
T0R




S$L(#(P
3
L('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B-X
M
C`Q.3MS($-H87)T97(@875T:&]R:7IE9`T*-2PP
#`L



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

#LS
2P@
C`Q
BP@=&AE($-O;7!A
M;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W


M('-H87)E+@T*
3(L





M9F5R96YC97
@;V8@=&AE(')E;6%I;FEN9R`V+#0U-2PU




M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO96$X-S1A9#5?9C`Y
5\T.61D7V)E-3E?-39C8C8U.&%A


M;G0]

2!R



3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K/]T9#X-

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CXQ
M
2XF(WA!
#L@=&5X=UI
M;F1E;G0Z-4G/@T*/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]







M;V8@9G5N9'

S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
3$L('1H92!#;VUP







;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E83@W-&%D-5]F
#DQ7S0Y9&1?8F4U
M.5\U-F-B-C4X86$V

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J


M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q




M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`T)3L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@

M('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&%D;W!T960@=&AE(#(P
#0@4W1O8VL-D]P=&EO;B!0
M;&%N(AT:&4@)B-X
C`Q0SLR
#`T(%!L86XF(W@R
#%$.RDN(%5N9&5R('1H
M92`R



@
M8V%N(&)E(&5X97)C:7-E9!A=!A;GD@=&EM92!A;F0@9V5N97)A;&QY(&5X





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY/;@T*

#LR
BP@
C`Q
BP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W
@

S$L(#(P
3
L(&5L:6=I8FQE('!A







T0R/CQB/D%N;FEE)B-X

M5%1/33H@
F4],T0R/DEN($9E8G)U87)Y#0HR,#$R+!T:&4@

M


@26YC
M96YT:79E(%!L86XL('=H:6-H(&)E8V%M90T*969F96-T:79E('5P;VX@=&AE
















M;W(@=&AE(&=R86YT(&]F(&YE=R!A=V%R9'
N(%1H92!/;6YI8G5S($EN8V5N




G!X.R!-05)'24XM


#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#0E.R!-
M05)'24XM0D]45$]-.B`P<'@G/@T*/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&04U)






T


@
M=6YD97(@=&AE($]M;FEB=7



M9!S=&]C:PT*=6YI=',@9W)A;G1E9!T;R!E;7!L;WEE97
@=F5S=`U,4@






T0G34%21TE.+51/
M4#H@

'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CY.;VXM





M86P@
C`Q

@
M;V8@36%R8V@F(WA!
#LS












@




@=6YD97(@
M;W5R(#(P


M
T0Y
B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^#0H\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@
M+2T^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U
4^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D


6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L<W!A;CTS1#(@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^/&9O
M;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<@<VEZ




M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T0G

\8G(@+SX-E9A;'5E/]B/CPO9F]N

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG



S$L#0HR
#$R/]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


2PW-3DL
M


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]




M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!






T0R/C

T1B





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,34L-C`V/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X

T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-BXV
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CPO

T0G5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/D5X
M97)C:7-E9#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]



M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT




M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



#`P
#`P

T1B


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!


M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG

M.S
Q+`T*
C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M9VX]




M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R('-T

7!X)SX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]




T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

#L\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG

T1T


#(P
30[36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]


C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!





M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F




M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



#L\+W`^



T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@

M03`[/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


T0G
M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/D5X97)C:7-A8FQE)B-X
C`Q-#M-87)C:`S,2P-C(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4],T0R/C<T-RPR-S,\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
M

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]






M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].





63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR,BPX,38\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]






T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

T1B;W1T;VT^


M9VX]

#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/@T*/'`@<W1Y;&4],T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`S<'@@
M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L







T0X-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^#0H\(2TM
M($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0V,B4^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

M/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^
M/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^

T0Q/B8C

M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M86QI9VX]

#`P
#`P


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
F4],T0Q/CQB/E=E:6=H=&5D+4%V97)A9V4\8G(@+SX-E)E





P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^



T0Q

M860@+2T^/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!;V1Y(TM/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M

M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD
M-XY

30[-2XR
#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].





T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


M
38W+#@S-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]




T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR-3

M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR-3


T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU




S`F(W@R

M9VX]


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


M
C

$$P.S@N-34F(W@R,#$T.S@N-S4\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@<VEZ93TS1#$^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
F4]
M




3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXT+C,\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G




M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\




M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


T0R/C$X-BPV
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!




63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!






T0R/C$X
M

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
38N.30F(W@R




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ-30L.3(U/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!






T0R/C@N
M
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N




M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXT,RPS-SD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M




MCQT9!V86QI9VX]


$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$




M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(W@R

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].



30[-#(N
M
#4\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT

M
#`P

M9VX]

#L\+W1D

M






T0R/C$L
C`S+#DY
#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^




M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T1B;W1T;VT@



M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O





MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P
M


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M)SXF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@




M('1H92!#;VUP86YY('1O(&UA:V4@87-S=6UP=&EO;G
@86YD(&IU9&=M96YT






M
T0X-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^#0H\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@
M+2T^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0V-B4^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#

M

M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0U(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT
F4]
M

Q+#PO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

F4]
M
T0Q/CQB/C(P
3

M
C`Q

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!;V1Y(TM/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%

$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ

C`Q-#LV+CD\+V9O






M

M9VX]


63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

30[-#`N.4\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT
24F
M(W@R
#$T.S0R)3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0G

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D

T1B;W1T


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP+C@E)B-X



30[
RXQ
M)3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]





4\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]








N($)E

C`Q


@

L


L(&]P97)A=&EN9R!A;F0@9FEN86YC:6%L


M5%1/33H@





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


@)B-X
C`Q0SMG=6ED
M96QI;F4F(W@R
#%$.R!C;VUP86YI97
N#0I);B!E=F%L=6%T:6YG('-I;6EL




M




M24Y$14Y4.B`T)3L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
2!H96QD


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE


M($-O;7!A;GD@:7




N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY('5S97






M14Y4.B`T)3L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@




M9F]R9F5I='5R97




@=F%L=64@:7
@8V%L8W5L




M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@

M;V-K(&]P=&EO;G

Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R

3
N.3
@86YD#0HD
M-RXV


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY3=&]C



XT#0IM:6QL:6]N+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN(%1H



M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@




M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M3E0M4TE:13H@


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$-S8E(&%L:6=N/3-$
M8V5N=&5R/@T*/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$-SDE/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO

M86QI9VX]

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/E-H




P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O





T0C0T-%149&

M=!-87)C:`S




M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


T0R/C8U+#@Y.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



T0Q

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$


3DN


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]




M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!







M
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF;VYT
F4]
M

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]





M9VX]




T1B;W1T











M;&4]
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXH-2PQ

F4],T0R/C(W+C`Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O





T0G5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/E5N=F5S

Q+`T*
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M




M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M






#`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L




M

M:&%R90T*=6YI='


M;V8@=&AE#0IP97)F;W)M86YC92!P97)I;V0@:7



@-S8L-#8V#0IS:&%R97
N

M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`T)3L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@

Q+`R,#$S+!T:&5R92!W87
@)#
N
R!M



RXT

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@








]

T1)1#!%040^#0H@



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q
M

]

M;W1T;VTZ


3
N)B-X03`[16UP;&]Y964@0F5N969I
M=`T*4&QA;G







M9W






#$S('5P('1O(&$@;6%X:6UU;2!O9B`V)2!O

M






^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E




3(@

S$L(#(P
3









T0G
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M13H@


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.#0E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R
M/@T*/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$-S4E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^
M/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3,\+V(^/]F;VYT

T0Q/B8C

M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3(\

3XF(WA!
F4],T0Q
M/CQB/C(P,3$\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M+2T@16YD(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!;V1Y(TM
M/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


3XF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$



M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M-BPQ
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


T0R/C0L


F4],T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$






63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!






T0R/C$L.#DT

M86QI9VX]


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*


T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

M03`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/CPO=&0^



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV+#`Y.3PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O




M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M

M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXV.#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!






T0R/C0L

M;&4]
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96TG/CQF





M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXH,CDW/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$



M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH-3D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M9#XF(WA!

T1T;W`^






T0R/C
X-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXT.#D\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]



M;&4]


M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

F4]
T0R





M
F4],T0R
M/B@Q,2PR.34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT

M
#`P

M9VX]

#L\+W1D





M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


T0R/C
X-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



T0Q

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXT.#D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]




M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT

M
#`P

M9VX]

#L\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!



T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]




63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT




63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
$$P.SPO
M<#X-CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/'`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W`^#0H\

P
#`P
#`@



M.B`C
#`P


M
#$Y.W
@969F96-T:79E#0IT87@@:7



M86)L92!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]

M97(]


T1C96YT97(^#0H\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@
M+2T^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0W.24^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY&:7-C86PF(WA!
#M996%R
M)B-X03`[16YD960F(WA!

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\(2TM($5N9!486)L

M;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXE
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!



T1B


65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$






T0R/C(N
M
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N




M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T1B;W1T;VT@



M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]






$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/]T<CX-CQT<CX-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]



M


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!






T0R/B@Q+C`\+V9O;G0^

T1B;W1T


M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]





M86QI9VX]




M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W



M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M



M


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*/'`@

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG





M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,BXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/@T*/'`@<W1Y;&4],T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`Q<'@@


M9VX]

#`P

M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\

T0C


\+V9O;G0^
M/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
M
T0R/B4F(WA!








T1B


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D

P
#`P
#`@

$$P.SPO<#X-CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT

M
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@


M;`T*
C`Q



M87(@96YD960@36%R8V@F(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q
RP@=V%S(')E8V]R9&5D#0II
M;B!A9&1I=&EO;F%L+7!A:60M:6XM8V%P:71A;X\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@





I.CPO9F]N


M86)L92!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]

M97(]


T1C96YT97(^#0H\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@
M+2T^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0W-B4^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

T0Q
M

Q+#PO

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M/3-$

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
3X\8CXR
#$Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\



\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


T0R/C


F4],T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS+#DW-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


M86QI9VX]




M145&1CX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


T0G

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#
S
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G



M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!


MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
M+#$S
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M







M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


T0R/C$L




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#`P-#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M(&)G8V]L;W(]

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV
SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O




M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY#87!I


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\






M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS
S8\+V9O;G0^


M93TS1#(^3W1H97(L(&YE=#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].





63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

F4]
T0R




M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXU.#8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
T0R
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/]T<CX-CQT<B!S='EL93TS



T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M

#`P


M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]





T1B;W1T;VT@



M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]



M9VX]




T1B;W1T




M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/]T<CX-CQT<B!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]





T0R/B8C



T0R/B@T



M86QI9VX]


T0R/BDF(WA!
M






T0R/B@S

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!



T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I





F4],T0R/C<L-38R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G



M9VX]

#`P

M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]





M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,2PQ,3$\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



T0R/BDF(WA!






T0R/B@T

M9VX]
F4]
M,T0R/B@T,C@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT

M
#`P

M9VX]

#L\+W1D

M



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


M*#$L



M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXH-#4X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


7!X)SX-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
M

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]



M





M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].




T1B;W1T




M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@

M/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO<#X-
MCPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
$$P.SPO<#X-
MCPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/'`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@


M1#(^07


M86QU871I;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E(&ES(')E8V]R9&5D#0IB96-A=7-E(&UA;F%G
M96UE;G0@8F5L:65V97
@:70@:7
@;6]R92!L:6ME;'D@=&AA;B!N;W0@=&AA

M.B`Q


T0R/E1H92!#;VUP


M4BU#3TQ

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D




3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

T0R


T0Q/CQB/C(P

M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P
M,3$\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!;V1Y(TM/@T*/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(]




T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W



M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ,BPP,C`\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/]T<CX-CQT<CX-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]











M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

F4]
T0R



T0R/C8L

G!X.R!4


@87)E(&%V86EL86)L92!T;R!O
M9F9S970@9G5T=7)E(&9E9&5R86P@86YD('-T871E#0IT87AA8FQE(&EN8V]M
M92!T:')O=6=H(#(P
C@@86YD(#(P
S





#$Y.W
@3D]


@87)E#0IS
#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#0E.R!-05)'24XM0D]4



@
M87


@:6YC
M;'5D92!Q=65S=&EO;FEN9R!T:&4@=&EM:6YG(&%N9`T*86UO=6YT(&]F(&1E
M9'5C=&EO;G








2!D:60-FYO


#$S+`T*
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2!T:&%T(&EF(')E8V]G
M;FEZ960@=V]U;&0@869F96-T('1H92!A;FYU86P@969F96-T:79E#0IT87@@

Q+`R
M,#$S+`R
#$R(&%N9`T*
C`Q









M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO96$X-S1A9#5?9C`Y
5\T.61D7V)E-3E?-39C8C8U.&%A

O4VAE970R
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7



]

M;6UO;B!3=&]C:R!A='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K:&]L9&5R


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M
C`Q

]





T0G34%2
M1TE.+51/4#H@

M


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.#0E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*
M/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-C@E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/]T
M9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\
M+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


3`@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@


S$L/]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

T0R


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3

M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P
M,3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R


T0Q/CQB/C(P

65M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R


M




M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!






T0R/C$U+#(R
M



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXY
2PR
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


M

P-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^
M/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<@


65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O








M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G




M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\







30[)B-X03`[


M+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T








M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]




M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!







30[

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^



T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M86P\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-2PV.3@L
3

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
F4],T0R/C$U+#(R,2PU
M-S$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



<^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N


T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!

P
#`P
#`@

$$P.SPO<#X-CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
$$P.SPO<#X-
MCPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/'`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@



M;VUI;F%T;W(@=7-E9!I;B!T:&4-F-A;&-U;&%T:6]N(&]F('1H92!B87-I

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!-


T0P
M('=I9'1H/3-$.#0E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L
M92!(96%D(TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C(E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P




3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

T0R


T0Q/CQB/C(P

M/3-$
3XF(WA!

M

M9VX]

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M


CX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O




CX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



T0G5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/CQI/DYU

T1B

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

T1B

MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

M)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I




F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
PQ-34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]




M145&1CX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


T0G




M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R





M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXQ



M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M




M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!


MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P
M

M

#L\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!



T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



C`Q-#MB87-I8R!A;F0@9&EL=71E9#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




T0G



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXU
M.38\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



<^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N


T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!

P
#`P
#`@

$$P.SPO<#X-CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


T0G5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/E=E:6=H


F(W@R

T0Q

M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ-RPQ,CDL,S,T/]F;VYT

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M





M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


T0R/B8C



T0R/C8T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!



3PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M8V]L;W(]

L(&%S(&-A

T0Q

M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!


M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(W@R

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!


M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY0

M:6YG('1R96%S=7)Y('-T;V-K(&UE=&AO9#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]







M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]





M86QI9VX]




M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@




#`P
M

M

#L\+W1D/@T*

T1T



M970@:6YC;VUE(&%T=')I8G5T86)L90T*=&\@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K:&]L9&5R

30[9&EL=71E9#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].






M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#$Q
2PP.#@\+V9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!


M1#(^
2PR
#$L

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@

M03`[/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T

#`P
$$P.SPO<#X-CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/'`@<W1Y
M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\

P
#`P
#`@




M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(W@R



M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M





CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



T0Q

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$


2XR.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

M13H@
7!X)SX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M)SXF(WA!



T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/]T<CX-

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
M,T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

P
#`P
#`@

$$P.SPO<#X-CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A

P
#`P
M
#`@


M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

5\T.61D7V)E-3E?-39C8C8U.&%A-C$X#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T









#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R

M(%-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/@T*

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM0D]45$]-.B`P




M;VUP86YY)B-X



M#0HF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%


M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-CQT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*
M/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



3`@86QI9VX]

M

S$L/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3

3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M

M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0Q/CQB/C(P

MCPA+2T@16YD(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!;V1Y

65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


3
V+#@P
SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^




M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M1#(^
3$T+#0U-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]






M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M


M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!






T0R/C
L
38R

M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D


T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M.B`C
#`P

M9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXQ-#$L


F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG

P
#`P
#`@
M

T1B



#`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/'`@<W1Y;&4],T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P
M,`S<'@@9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

P
#`P
#`@
W!X



T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!-05)'


T0P('=I
M9'1H/3-$.#0E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!(
M96%D(TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-S`E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3,\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

T0R(&%L


T0Q/CQB/C(P

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3$\
M+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M8FQE($AE860@+2T^/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!;V1Y(TM/@T*/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(]

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!





M+#(W
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M




M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD



F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


T0Q/B8C

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXV-BPX-#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
T0R

M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]



M;&4]


63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

F4]
T0R



T0R/C0T+#8X-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

T0C0T-%

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M



C

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR




T1B

#`P

M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\


M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]






M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT@



M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M86QI9VX]






T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG

P
#`P
#`@
M

T1B



#`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
2`M+3X\+W1A8FQE/@T*/'`@<W1Y
M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

'!X)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CY!;&P@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W



5\T.61D7V)E-3E?-39C
M8C8U.&%A-C$X#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T


'0O:'1M;#L@




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]


M14Y4.B`T)3L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@

3




#$R+B!4

-F9I;F%N8VEA;!R97-U;'1S(&9O

#LS


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


L#0ID



@;&5G86P@97AP96YS97
@
M87




M+4)/5%1/33H@


3XF(WA!


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M




T0C0T-%149&

M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/E)E9'5C=&EO;B!O


M;&4]






T1T



\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
F4],T0R/C$L,#@P/]F


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\

T0G5$585U)3D1%
M3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/DEN8W)E;65N

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]




M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M



65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


M




<^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N


T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



T1T






MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
T0R
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/]T<CX-CQT<B!S='EL93TS



T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

#L\+W1D

M






M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M1#(^


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
$$P.SPO
M<#X-CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/'`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
3)P


@:7
@8F%S




@9&5R:79E









M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`T)3L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@



M



M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E83@W-&%D-5]F
#DQ7S0Y9&1?8F4U.5\U
M-F-B-C4X86$V

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



S$L(#(P
M
3



T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY/;B!-87DF(WA!
#LS
P-
MC(P
3

M


@

M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO96$X-S1A9#5?9C`Y
5\T.61D

O4VAE970R-BYH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

@;V8@

]

T1T;W`^0F%S:7







40[*2X@5&AE(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!F:6YA;F-I86P-
MG-T871E;65N='
@:6YC;'5D92!T:&4@86-C;W5N='
@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A



M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/DEN:71I86P@4'5B;&EC($]F9F5R:6YG(A)4$\I/]T



M

BP@
C`Q

M4$\L(&EN('=H:6-H(&ET('-O;&0-CDU,PP


2XQ(&UI;&QI;VX@:6X@;F5T('!R;V-E961S


@;V8@)#$N

#$Y.W





M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`T)3L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@




M=&%L(&]F(#@P+#4V
!S:&%R97,@;V8-F-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!A;F0@=&AE


T0G34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@


C`Q


U+#`P




#`P+#`P





]

]


F4]
T0R



T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

SDN
M



M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@



M


M97




#`L
#`P

@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&9R;VT@4V]L97)A(&EN(&$@






\+W1D




#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#0E.R!-05)'
M24XM0D]45$]-.B`P<'@G/@T*/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ




@


M96YS97





]



T0R/CQB
#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#0E.R!-05)'24XM






M='

M8V]L;&5C=&EB;&4@86-C;W5N='



M=6P@86-C;W5N='
@87

F4]
M


M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M3E0M4TE:13H@


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.3(E(&%L:6=N/3-$
M8V5N=&5R/@T*/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$.24^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-
MCQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

3XF(WA!

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R


T0Q/CQB/D%C8V]U;G1S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF





T0Q/B8C

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]


M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P




M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

T0R(&YO


T1T;W`^



Q+#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[
M($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/C(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXE)B-X

T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

3XF(WA!




T1B;W1T;VT^


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXR



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]








T0R/B4F(WA!




M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF





M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\






3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


M

M9VX]
F4]
M,T0R/C$R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXQ
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U14


G!X

3$%0



M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R
#$T



T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL


T1T;W`@=VED
M=&@]


M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY);B!F
M:7-C86P@
C`Q


S8E(&%N




63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



N($EN




@:6X@=&AE(%4N4RX@07
@;V8@36%R8V@F(WA!
#LS
2P@
M
C`Q



<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ


M+4)/5%1/33H@
F4],T0R/D9A:7(@=F%L=64@:7,-F1E9FEN
M960@87



M92X@5&AE#0IA8V-O=6YT:6YG(&=U:61A;F-E(&5S=&%B;&ES:&5S(&$@=&AR
F5S('1H92!I
M;G!U=',@=7-E9!I;B!T:&4@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&UE=&AO9&]L;V=I97
@:6X-



T0G34%2

1494

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY
979E;`T*

30[26YP=71S(&]T:&5R
M('1H86X@3&5V96P@




M='



@;W(@;&EA8FEL:71I97
N

M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@





M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@




T0G34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@

'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#%P

F4]
M

M

L(&EN8VQU9&EN9PT*86-C;W5N
M='











M9&ET:6]N86P-G!A:60M:6X@8V%P:71A;X\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]D:78^



T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




3D[



]

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.















M;&4]


M=6P@;&EV97



M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4:&4@=7-E9G5L#0IL

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X


M
T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.3(E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/$M+2!96=I;B!4
M86)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-3$E/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T

M/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!;V1Y(TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


F4]
M
T0R/C



MCQT9!V86QI9VX]






63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS




63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

M;&4]


M;&ED871E9`T*8F%L86YC92!S:&5E='

S$L
M(#(P
3




BXP(&UI;&QI;VX@8V%P:71A








T0G1D].

L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E









@


@86YD(&ES('1E

#$Y.W




M;V8-F=O;V1W:6QL(&ES('=R:71T96X@9&]W;B!T;R!F86ER('9A;'5E+B!4
M:&5R92!W87,@;F\@:6UP86ER;65N=!O9@T*9V]O9'=I;&P@:61E;G1I9FEE





]























N(%-E
M92`F(W@R

40[(&)E

3D[






M(%-T;V-K/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/@T*

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`T)3L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@




@82!R97-U;'0L('1H92!H;VQD97)S(&]F('1H90T*


@


@;V8@36%R8V@F
M(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V%L
M97,@4F5C;V=N:71I;VX@86YD(%-A;&5S($EN8V5N=&EV97,\+W1D/@T*(`@

]



T0R/CQB
M/E-A;&5S(%)E8V]G;FET:6]N(&%N9`T*4V%L97


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY3






M:6-A;&QY(&YE=TS,!W:71H(&$@9&ES8V]U;G0@9F]R(&YE=TQ,!P87EM

M:6UA=&5D('1R861E(&%L;&]W86YC97
L('-L;W1T:6YG(&9E97
L#0IS86QE

L('-L
M;W1T:6YG(&9E97
@86YD('-A;&5S(&EN8V5N=&EV97
@:7




N($%M
M;W5N='





T1T;W`^






M



L


M97


]

M86YD;&EN9PT*0V]S='







N(%-H:7!P:6YG

M97


S$L#0HR
M
#$S+`R,#$R(&%N9`R



M9VX]

T0G
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@

'!X)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M







!M:6QL
M:6]N(&%N9`D

@96YD960@36%R
M8V@F(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q
RP@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q


M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@


M8V]S='

#LS
2P@
C`Q
M
RP@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q



M96QY(0P+CD@;6EL;&EO;BP@)#$N,@T*;6EL;&EO;B!A;F0@)#`N.!M:6QL


T1T;W`^4')O9'5C

]
T1T97AT/CQD:78^




T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.




M;W(@86YY(&9E97
@86YD(&EN8V5N=&EV97
@=&\@8W5S=&]M97)S#0IF;W(@




F4]
M




M;VXL(&EN8VQU9&EN9PT*86-C;W5N='






M8V@@87





M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`T)3L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@



M#0I#;VUP86YY)B-X


M='



@;V8@86QL;V-A=&EN9R!R97-O=7)C97
@86YD(&5V86QU






@=6YD97(@=VAI8V@@;F]N


@:7








M;6EN960@87



G!X.R!-05)'24XM0D]45$]-.B`P






@9FEN86YC:6YG#0IC87-H(&9L;W=S
!B96YE9FET<R!A<F4@




M+4)/5%1/33H@


]




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CY);F-O;64@=&%X97



N($1E9F5R

@87!P;&EC86)L92!T;R!T87AA8FQE



@:7
@


M97

@=VAE;BP@8F%S960@=7!O;B!A=F%I


G!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@-4[($U!4D=)3BU













M;6%T96QY(&)E8V]M92!P87EA8FQE+!A;6]U;G1S(&%C8W)U960@=VEL;!B








2XT


@;V8@36%R8V@F(WA!
#LS
2P@
M
C`Q

M87)E(&-O;G-I9&5R960@)B-X

F(W@R
#%$.R!S=&]C:R!C








L('1H





M9F]R(0X+C$@;6EL;&EO;BX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]D:78^/'-P86X^/]S



]



T0R/CQB/DYE=!)
M;F-O;64@4&5R(%-H87)E(&]F#0I#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO


T0G1D].





M;B!S:&%R97



M97)F;W)M86YC92!S:&%R90T*=6YI='

M96YT:6%L(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97


S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
3(N(%1H

@=F5S=!B87-E9!O;B!A8VAI

Q+`T*
C`Q-2X\+V9O;G0^
<^#0HF(WA!

M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
F4],T0R/E1H92!P;W1E;G1I86P-F-O
M;6UO;B!S:&%R97
@9G)O;2`H:2DF(WA!



#LS
2P-
MC(P,3([(AI:2DF(WA!


Q
M+`R,#$R(&%N9`R
#$Q.R!A;F0@*&EI:2DF(WA!
#MC97)T86EN#0IS=&]C

#$Y.W
@8V]M;6]N

M
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P


6QE/3-$



M


#(P







@
M86YD('1H92!R:6=H='










M)3L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@




M9B`D-3$X+#`P

M96YT(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G



@


3$N#0I-86YA9V5M96YT(&%S



M

M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*







]

T1)1#!%4$4^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY#

@=VET:`Q,4@;W(@;6]R90T*;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
M
#$Y.W






G!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.3(E(&%L:6=N
M/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*/'1R/@T*
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T
M9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\


M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3X\8CY.
M970-E-A;&5S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N


T0Q/CQB/D%C8V]U;G1S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R




T0Q

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]


3XF(WA!


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

T0R

M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3X\8CY2
M96-E:79A8FQE*#$I/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

T1T



Q
M+#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ
M96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/C(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXE

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


3XF(WA!


3$\+V9O;G0^

T1B;W1T



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$

M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXR



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]





T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W


T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT




M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT





M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M






3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M1#(^

M86QI9VX]
F4],T0R/C$R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]


3XF(WA!
#L\



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU


M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\<!S='EL93TS

T0G0D]21$52+4-/


M9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]

M

T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
T1L



4^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M('=I9'1H/3-$-4@86QI9VX]


T0R/B@Q*3PO9F]N=#X\

M26X@9FES8V%L(#(P
3

V
M)2!A;F0@


3
L(&]N92!A9&1I=&EO






M
T0Q
#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-3$E
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M86QI9VX]




T0R/C

\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*


T0G



T0R/E-H;W)T97(@



M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E83@W-&%D-5]F,#DQ7S0Y9&1?
M8F4U.5\U-F-B-C4X86$V,3@-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO96$X-S1A9#5?9C`Y

M:&5E='

T0G=&5X




M



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q
M

]


M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



M
T0W-B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0X
4^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$R/]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!




T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL





T1B




T1T;W`^#0H\



M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#$T
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXW-30\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]










T0R/B8C



T0R/C$Q+#8Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!



M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!




T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^

T1B;W1T;VT@



M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



M86QI9VX]

#`P
#`P(#-P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O



]



M(&%N9`T*97%U:7!M96YT+!N970@87)E(&-O;7!R:7-E9!O9B!T:&4@9F]L

M
T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M4TE:13H@


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$-S8E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N
M=&5R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.#`E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V
M)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/]T



M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M


M;&4]





6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L<W!A;CTS1#(@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@
M<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<@<VEZ93TS
M1#$^/&(^
C`Q




P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT


M9VX]

65M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


BPY-3D\+V9O;G0^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT




T0R/C$L-S
P


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#0Q
M
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N




M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O


65M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


2PQ
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\








#`P
#`P

T1B


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!

M(&)G8V]L;W(]
2!A;F0-F5Q=6EP;65N=#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!


RPX
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/]T

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
2PW-C`\

M


T1T;W`^



M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



2PP.3`\+V9O;G0^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

M(WA!

T1T;W`^#0H\



M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




T0R/C8L
3

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT+#(Y.#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



7!X)SX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

#L\


]
T1T97AT/CQD:78^

M)3L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@

6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ

T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


M;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-
MCQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(&-O;'-P86X]



M)B-X03`[
S$L/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\


M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/C(P
M
3

3XF(WA!
F4]
M,T0Q/CQB/C(P,3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T1T;W`^#0H\



M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M





65M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M='
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M9#XF(WA!

MCQT9!V86QI9VX]


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXQ+#(Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]




M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!


65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH.38\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



T0R/BDF(WA!




M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/B@S-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M




M.B`C
#`P

M86QI9VX]

#L\

M9VX]








M




<^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N


T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\

P
#`P
#`@

MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

M;G1S(&]F($%C8W)U960@3&EA8FEL:71I97





M=&@]
T0W-B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0X
M
24^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

Q+#PO8CX\+V9O

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]


B!A

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T0G
M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R

M

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT




T0R/C(L-S8X




M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#8S
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M;W(]


3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!



MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
T0R

M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]



M;&4]


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO

T0G5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/D1E

T1B


M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]






63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

F4]
M



T0R/C
X
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


2PR
S@\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\



T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M


3(L


F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXW+#0U
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]




T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

#L\








]

T1)1#!%040^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@



S$L
M(#(P
3




T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!415A4


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM0D]4


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
M-C@E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.#(E/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M(#$P

M8V@F(WA!
#LS




P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C




M14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$










T0R/C8U
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

T0C


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV-CD\+V9O

C`Q-SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B





M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@8F=C




M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/C8V
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU.#8\



T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ
M96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/E1O=&%L(&9U='5R92!M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M


M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO96$X-S1A9#5?9C`Y
5\T.61D

O4VAE970S







]


M;V-K/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/@T*/'`@



'!X.R!T




S$L(#(P

@


M1#DR)2!B;W)D97(]

M4%-%(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-3$E/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-CQT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



3XF(WA!

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L

7!X('-O;&ED

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M;'-P86X]

M;VTZ


3XF(WA!
#L\

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]





M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]


T0R/C
L.#`R+#`X-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!





C
L

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXT
2PT

M#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

M;F1E;G0Z+3$N





@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT+#@P-BPP
F4]
M










M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
F4]
M
T0R/C

M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU
PR,C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!N
M;W=R87`]




M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY397)I97
@02`R


M86QI9VX]



M






RPV-S
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXT,PW.#

M9VX]


T1B;W1T

#`P
#`P
M)SXF(WA!

P
#`P


T1B



T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\

#`P
#`P)SXF(WA!
M

P
#`P


T0G;6%R
M9VEN+6QE9G0Z
RXP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
F4]
T0R




T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ,BPS-#8L-34U/]F;VYT/CPO

F4]
M

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
F4]
T0R
M/C$R+#(X
2PU-3




F4]
M


T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

P
#`P

P
M
#`P


M;&4@(S`P
#`P

M
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M
#`P)SXF(WA!



M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q
M

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^07-S=6UP
M=&EO;G,@57-E9!I;B!#86QC=6QA=&EN9R!&86ER(%9A;'5E(&]F($]U='-T







#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'-P86-I

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

3XF(WA!

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L

7!X('-O;&ED
$$P.S(P
3(\

M;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP+C`S/]F;VYT/CPO

F4]
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/]T<CX-CQT<CX-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]






M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A
F4]

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT

M1#(^


T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
M
2XP



T0Q







M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP/]F;VYT/CPO

F4]
M
T0R/B4F(WA!



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M


M93HQ


'!X/@T*)B-X

M1#`@=VED=&@]
T0V.4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,!S='EL93TS1$)/4D1%4BU#3TQ
M05!313I#3TQ










T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
2XP
&5M.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
&5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL
F4]
T0R/D9A:7(@=F%L=64@870@36%R
M8V@F(WA!
#LS



M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT

M1#(^







F4]

M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


3


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^





F4],T0R/D9A
M:7(@=F%L=64@870@07!R:6PF(WA!,#LR+`T*,C`Q,CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#$W
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&YO=W)A

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M


M
7!X/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(WA!
M


S(N:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P
3


@06-T:79I='D@;V8@4W1O8VL@3W!T


M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@

#`T(%!L86XL(&YO
M;BUP;&%N(&]P=&EO;B!A=V%R9'
@86YD($]M;FEB=7
@26YC96YT:79E#0I0


'!X




05!3

T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$


M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]


B!A

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$





P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C



I/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

F4]
M


CX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


3XF(WA!

M


CX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M86QI9VX]






M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\

M



M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M86QI9VX]




M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXY
2PR
SD\+V9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!


M1#(^
S@N
#
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY#86YC96QL960\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
F4],T0R/B@Q-2PV,#8\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



T0R/BDF(WA!




M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R

MCQT9!V86QI9VX]





M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!

M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^





3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D


T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!





3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@

M/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO<#X-
MCPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
$$P.SPO<#X-
MCPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/'`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY697-T960@86YD

C`Q-#M-87)C:`S,2P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

3$N
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\




M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR-RPP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
T0R
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/]T<CX-CQT<B!S='EL93TS



T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

#L\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG

P
#`P
#`@
M

T1B



#`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/'`@<W1Y;&4],T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P
M,`S<'@@9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

P
#`P
#`@
W!X



Q
M+`T*
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]



M;&4]

$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F




T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




T0R/C(R+#@Q-CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R



7!X)SX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D


T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

M
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

P
#`P
#`@

$$P.SPO<#X-CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P



]
T1T97AT/CQD:78^#0H\




M25I%.B`Q

M15(M0T]


M/3-$

T1C96YT
M97(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,R4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4^/]T9#X-CQT

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
F4],T0Q/CQB/D]P=&EO;G,-D]U='-T86YD:6YG/]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]




M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T0Q

M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0Q
M/CQB/D]P=&EO;G
\8G(@+SX-D5X97)C:7-A8FQE/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D



T0R/B0F(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LT+CDS)B-X

T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


T1B


M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$





MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
T0R

M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]



M;&4]


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


T0R/B8C



T0R/C(U
RPU

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[-RXS

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


C
L-S@Y

M86QI9VX]


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR



M-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


T0R/C0N
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]





M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXW-RPQ,#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/]T<CX-CQT<B!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(T-#145&1CX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&9O



M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]



M;&4]


M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


3@Q+#8V.#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R



M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#LQ-BXY-8C

30[






T0R/C$U
M-PY,C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]







63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#LQ.2XP

M86QI9VX]
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



T1B


M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T+C4S)B-X
C`Q-#LT
BXP-3PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!






T0R/CDN
M.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N




M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M


M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT

M
#`P

M9VX]

#L\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M

M8V]L;W(]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M




M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!






T0R/C4N-SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^




M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O


M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*


]


6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R<'@[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`T)3L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
F4]
M,T0R/E1H92!#;VUP86YY('5S97,@=&AE#0I;&%C:RU38VAO;&5S(&]P=&EO


M('1O(&UA:V4@87-S=6UP=&EO;G





T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M33H@

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/]T



M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M


M;&4]





P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^


M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$R
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3$\+V(^/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@2&5A9`M+3X\(2TM



M9VX]


63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU+C(F(W@R
#$T.S8N.3PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W



M


T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!
M4D=)3BU




M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]



T0R/C`N.4F(W@R,#$T.S$N,24\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+C$E)B-X


4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]


M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP)3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1C



@


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M


T0R/E1H92!F;VQL;W=I

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M



T0P('=I9'1H/3-$-S8E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/$M+2!96=I
M;B!486)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-SDE/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P


T0Q/CQB/E-H

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

T0R(&%L



M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L



MD9A:7(@5F%L=64\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O







T0R/C8U+#@Y.3PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R




M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M
3DN

M1W)A;G1E9#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]



M;&4]


63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I




T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ
M96T[($U!4D=)3BU



M+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T








M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G



MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
T0R
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/]T<CX-CQT<CX-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]




T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-2PQ

T1B;W1T;VT^
F4],T0R/C(W+C`Q/]F


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\






T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)
M3BU



Q+`T*
M
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]



M


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
$$P
M.SPO<#X-CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/'`@<W1Y;&4]
M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W`^

P
#`P
#`@



5\T.61D7V)E-3E?-39C
M8C8U.&%A-C$X#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T


'0O:'1M;#L@



M9SY);F-O;64@5&%X97



]

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4:&4@



T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.#0E(&%L:6=N
M/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-S4E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



3`@86QI9VX]


S$L/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O
F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\


M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

M


T0Q/CQB/C(P

M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*

M86QI9VX]



3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!




T0R/C8L

M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT+#(P-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;&4]
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96TG/CQF





M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#@Y-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXY-#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
T0R
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/]T<CX-CQT<B!S='EL93TS



T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M

#`P


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


3XF
M(WA!







M86QI9VX]

#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^

M


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M



T0G1D].


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/CDS
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M




M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\


65M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY3=&%T93PO9F]N=#X\+W`^
M#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^





M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B





M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]



T0G



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


M.B`C
#`P

M86QI9VX]

#L\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!



T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXS.#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G




M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

F4]
M



T0R/C0L



T0G5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU



Z



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R
M

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



T0Q

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,3$L,CDU/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI

M86QI9VX]

#`P
#`P(#%P

T1B;W1T


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M



T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M:6=N/3-$=&]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXS.#0\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]



M;&4]


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT




M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


T0R/B@W+#$S-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



MCPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C

T0C0T-%149&/@T*/'1D


\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4],T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX+#
Q.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


3XF(WA!





M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/'`@<W1Y;&4],T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P
M,`S<'@@9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

P
#`P
#`@
W!X

#`P

T1B;W1T


M(WA!

]
T1P

M5&%X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/@T*/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

'!X
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$



M
T0X-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0W.24^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^

T0Q/B8C

M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M.S

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$S/]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3X\
M8CXR,#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


S4N
#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


M
S0N
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M


3XF(WA!


M93TS1#(^
S0N
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]



M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M



T0G1D].


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/C4N.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M




M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXT+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




M86QI9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G
M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXH,2XP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

T0C


F4]
T0R





M


M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M






T0R/B@W.XT/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

65M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^





M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!



T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


#`P







M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXT
XW/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
SDN.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@

M03`[/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
$$P.SPO
M<#X-CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/'`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W`^#0H\

P
#`P
#`@


]
M
6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)

M

M+4)/5%1/33H@

M


M=&@]
T0X-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^#0H\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE
M860@+2T^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0W-B4^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
M
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T1T



M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)
M3BU


T0R/D-R961I='


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M


M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

F4]
M




#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT





M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#0T
3PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S


M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CY!8V-R=65D#0IC;VUP96YS871I;VX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]



M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M






T0R/C@Y-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!



65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$







T0R/C0S-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!


M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXS.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]




M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M






T0R/C0R-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXS,S8\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]








3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O






M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P
#`P

T1B


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!




3XF(WA!





M93TS1#(^5F%L=6%T:6]N#0IA;&QO=V%N8V4\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]


M9VX]


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\






T0R/B@T
C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
F4],T0R/B@S,S8\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
M
T0R/BDF(WA!

T0G



M9VX]

#`P

M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]








M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M


M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4],T0R/C<L,3`S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M








M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!



T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T


#`P




M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

T1T;W`^



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
2PQ
3$\

M
F4],T0R
M/B@T-3@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



T0R/BDF(WA!




M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


T0R/B@T


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D


T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P
M



M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]






63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$



M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH-#(X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B

#`P

M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\


T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494



M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O




$$P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/@T*/'`@<W1Y;&4],T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`S<'@@9&]U8FQE
M)SXF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@

M03`[/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-CQP

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



#L\+W`^#0H\

@


T0G34%21TE.+51/
M4#H@

'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4:&4@0V]M
#(P



T0X-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT
M97(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0W-24^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\
M8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)
M3BU


T0R/D9E9&5R86P\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
M,T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXY+#(W-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




T0R/C$R
M+#`R
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M



M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY3
M=&%T93PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\



M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E83@W-&%D-5]F
#DQ7S0Y
M9&1?8F4U.5\U-F-B-C4X86$V

T+FAT;6P-


M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W

M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H




M;V8@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!415A4+4E.







T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
3X\8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!
M4D=)3BU




M/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

F4]
T0R



T0R/C$U+#(R
2PU-S$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


34L
M
C(Q+#4W
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]










T0R/CDQ+#(S.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXS-SDL,S`T/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

F4]
M






T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG




T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N




M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ-BPW,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M



M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W








M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R


M87`]





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


C`Q
M-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!



T1B;W1T

#`P

M03`[/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^

M

M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY4
M;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M
C



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


34L
C(Q
M+#4W
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M



7!X)SX-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO<#X-

#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D


M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@

$$P.SPO<#X-CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\+W1A8FQE/@T*/]D:78^


M(%5S960@:6X@0V%L8W5L871I;VX@;V8@0F%S:6
@86YD($1I;'5T960@3F5T



M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY!


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X


T0G34%21TE.+51/
M4#H@

M
T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.#0E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*/$M+2!96=I;B!4
M86)L92!(96%D(TM/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C(E/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

M


T0Q/CQB/C(P

M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3$\
M+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M86QI9VX]

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P






CX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


3XF(WA!
#L\




CX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@2&5A

T0G5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/CQI

M

3XF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T

M

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXQ
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!

M1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS




F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
PQ-34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/]T<CX-CQT<B!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(T-#145&1CX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M




M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXQ



M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



C`Q-#LF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!




M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI)B-X
M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!


M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT

M
#`P

M9VX]

#L\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!



T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



C`Q-#MB87-I8R!A;F0@9&EL=71E9#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




M


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXU.38\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]







M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@

$$P.SPO<#X-CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT

T0G5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/E=E


F(W@R

M

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ-RPQ,CDL,S,T/]F


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]





M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXU
M-S`L,C$P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

F4]
T0R



T0R/C8T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!



3PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M(&)G8V]L;W(]

L(&%S

M

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(W@R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G



M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!


M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

M('5S:6YG('1R96%S=7)Y('-T;V-K(&UE=&AO9#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@








M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].






T0R/B8C

M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M



T0G1D].



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT

M
#`P

M9VX]

#L\+W1D

M



M9R!N970@:6YC;VUE(&%T=')I8G5T86)L90T*=&\@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K:&]L

30[9&EL=71E9#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#$Q
2PP.#@\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!


M93TS1#(^
2PR
#$L

M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-

P
#`P
#`@

M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B

#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M

P
#`P
#`@




3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(W@R



M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M1#(^


M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


2XR.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M8FQE)SXF(WA!



T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

T1B;W1T;VT^



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M



F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

P
#`P
#`@

MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO<#X-CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D

P
M
#`P
#`@



5\T.61D7V)E-3E?-39C8C8U.&%A-C$X#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T









]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

@8GD@1V5O

M;VUP86YY)B-X



M#0HF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%


3XF(WA!


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3,\
M+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF


T0Q/CQB/C(P

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3$\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^






M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




T0R/C$V
BPW-#D\+V9O;G0^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/C$S-BPX
#
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!

M1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


T0R/C$Q-PT-30\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]




T1T


$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXW+#(R.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXS+#$V
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]



7!X)SX-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P







M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M1#(^
38Y+#DW-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]





M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$


30Q+#
P-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


3$W+#8Q-CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



7!X)SX-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C


T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

P
#`P
#`@

MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

M97
6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$X<'@[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`T)3L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@


'!X.R!&










P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]




M.S

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$S/]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]

B!A;&EG

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\(2TM($5N9!486)L92!(96%D(TM/CPA+2T@


\+V9O;G0^
M/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT




T0R/C8P+#8R
M-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N




M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^





M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W




M



M9`T*;W1H97(\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


C
L-S8Q

M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D


T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M.B`C
#`P

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
M,T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-#$L

M

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXQ


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@

M/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO<#X-
MCPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
$$P
M.SPO<#X-CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/'`@<W1Y;&4]
M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*/'`@
M<W1Y;&4],T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`S<'@@9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!
M

P
#`P
#`@

5\T.61D7V)E
M-3E?-39C8C8U.&%A-C$X#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z






]

T1T;W`^17-T:6UA=&5D($%C8W)U86P@
#L@=&5X=UI

@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$







M(')E='5R;G


S$L(#(P
3
@87




T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,3X\8CY!;6]U;G0\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L



M



M97
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY);F-R96UE;G1A

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O





M9VX]










M

#`P

6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;BUL969T.C
N

@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

F4],T0R/B0\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\


T0R/C(L

P
#`P


P
#`P


T0G;6%R9VEN
M+6QE9G0Z
RXP
&5M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
2XP
F4]
T0R/DEM

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT



M86QI9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^

N

M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY);7!A8W0@;VX@;F5T(&EN8V]M92!P



M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT

M1#(^

M9VX]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H\

M9C`Y
5\T.61D7V)E-3E?-39C8C8U.&%A-C$X#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T














]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E83@W-&%D-5]F,#DQ7S0Y9&1?8F4U.5\U
M-F-B-C4X86$V,3@-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO96$X
M-S1A9#5?9C`Y

O




@+2!!9&1I=&EO;F%L($EN

3(@36]N=&AS

S$L(#(P
3


#$R/&)R

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#(R













#`L
#`P

M
C0L
#`P+#`P


]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!P87(@=F%L=64\+W1D/@T*(`@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
















]



]
M

]
M

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!S:&%R97



]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P

]
T1T97AT


T1T

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]
M


]





]
T1N=6UP/C0P









]
M

]
M

]







]


]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^
M1&ES=')I8G5T;W)S(')A;F=E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&5X=#XS


]
T1N=6UP/C4L-S`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP
M/C0L-S`P+#`P


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C(L.#`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP
M/C(L
3`P+#`P


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/CDP



#`L
#`P/'-P86X^





]






M1&YU;7`^
C`L
#`P+#`P


]


]

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C@L
3`P+#`P


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/CDT.2PP






]
M

]
M

]



]




]

































]
T1T

]
T1T

]













#`L










]


]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#(R




#`L











]


]



#`L
M









]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!S:&%R
M97

M-#DL







]


]



T1T;W`^4')E9F5R

]










]


]




M:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S(%M




]


]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K('!R:6-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



]


]



T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R








+E`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


]



M:65S(%M


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y-87(@


]








]
T1N=6UP/B0@









]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C4P

]















M;V8@86-C;W5N='










;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E
M83@W-&%D-5]F
#DQ7S0Y9&1?8F4U.5\U-F-B-C4X86$V
3@O5V]R:W-H965T



M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]





]

]

M

]
M

]
T1R






]


]


M9VX]
T1T;W`^4V%L97
@4F5V96YU92P@1V]O9'

]


]


]
T1T

]







34N





]
M

]



]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;B!R:7-K+!P

2XP
M

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

BXP


]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@

]



]

]
M

]






]
T1T97AT/CQS

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



V)2!A;F0@


@

C`Q
BX@26X@9FES8V%L(#(P
3
L(&]N


M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO96$X-S1A9#5?9C`Y
5\T.61D7V)E-3E?

O4VAE970T

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4




]
T1T
M:#Y-87(N(#

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^0W5S=&]M97(\8G(^


M8V5N=')A=&EO;B!2:7-K(%M







T1T;W`^36%J;W(@0W5S

]


]

M86-C;W5N='


]





]

C8N
#`E

M
C$N



]

]
T1P









M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO96$X-S1A9#5?9C`Y
5\T.61D7V)E-3E?-39C8C8U

O4VAE970T
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]





]

M4&]L:6-I97


]

M;F0@97%U:7!M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XS






M86QI9VX]

]
T1T97AT/E-H;W)T97(@




]

]
M







T1T;W`^
M36EN:6UU;2!\(%-O9G1W87)E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$




T1T;W`^

]
T1T97AT/C





]


]






T1T;W`^36%X:6UU
M;2!\(%-O9G1W87)E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\




T1T;W`^57-E9G5L

]









]


2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R





T1T;W`^5V]R:R!I;B!P

CQS


T1T
M;W`^1FEN:7-H960@9V]O9'


]

]
M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`L

#DQ7S0Y9&1?
M8F4U.5\U-F-B-C4X86$V

T0G=&5X



@;W1H97)W:7-E

M86QI9VX]



]






]








M9VX]
T1T;W`^17%U:7!M96YT(&%N9!!=71O;6]T:79E/]T9#X-B`@(`@



]

]



]


]



]


]

M;7!R;W9E;65N='

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]
T1T97AT

]








]
T1N=6UP/B0@

M/5].97AT4&%R=%]E83@W-&%D-5]F
#DQ7S0Y9&1?8F4U.5\U-F-B-C4X86$V
M



M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#



]




#`L




#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]






]





]
M
T1N=6UP/C$L
C$R+#`P

]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^17-T:6UA=&5D('5S969U;!L





]
T1N
M=6UP/C(W+#`P


#`P/'-P




C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@





M-C`L




C`Q-SPO=&0^







]
M

L(%1O=&%L/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L

#`L




38L
#`P




#`P/'-P86X^

2PR-3(L
M



\+W1D

]









@86YD










]




2PP
M
#`L














]

M86QI9VX]

]










M9C`Y

O4VAE970T


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


L($YE=`H1&5T86EL*2`H55-$(0I/&)R/DEN


#$S

]
T1R

M87






]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
C$R/'-P86X^

2PR
3(\


Z(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@



L



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E83@W-&%D-5]F
#DQ7S0Y9&1?8F4U
M.5\U-F-B-C4X86$V

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J



M($%C8W)U960@3&EA8FEL:71I97



]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

M/D%C8W)U960@3&EA8FEL:71I97




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@
65E+7)E;&%T960@97AP96YS97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6UP/B0@






]
T1N=6UP/C4S


]



]
T1N=6UP


M9VX]


2PR


]
M





]
T1R97!O





2!-;VYT:'

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*


3X\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@


M
2P@
C`Q


]
T1T
M:#Y-87(N(#


:6YE




]
T1N=6UP/B0@





]








]
T1R93X-





]



T1T;W`^3&EN92!O

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]










]



]


]






]


T1T;W`^4&5R8V5N=&%G92!O9B!E87)N:6YG



]







]













]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


M8VEL:71Y+!U;G5S960@;&EN92!F964\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]





]


]


]



]



]


]




]
T1N=6UP/C$N
C4E/'-P86X^





]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]


]


]


]


]





M9C`Y

O4VAE970T






]


]

]
T1T:#Y-
M87(N(#


:6YE($ET


















34L



S$L
M



BXP



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

M(&]F(&]U='-T86YD:6YG('!R:6YC:7!A;!B86QA;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@



M;7`^-BPP
#`L










]






]


]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3$E3U(@4F%T92!P;'5S/]T9#X-B`@









]
T1N=6UP/C@P+#4V



T1T;W`^5&5R
M;2!




]
T1R93X-

#`L


]






;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E83@W-&%D-5]F
#DQ7S0Y9&1?8F4U.5\U-F-B-C4X
M86$V



]




]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@







]



]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C`P+#`P


]



]












]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
2PS
#`L



]


]


]

]




]
M

]


]


]


XP,4\









]

T1)1#!%5TE!


]
M

]
T1T:#Y-
M87(N(#


S$L(#(P


@

]










]



]

M86QI9VX]




S(L



#DL
#`P/'-P86X^



]















]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4')O9'5C=!F;W)M=6QA


]
T1T97AT/C(P
3@M

\

]




]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C0U
M


]


]


]


]



]



]










]
T1R;SX-

]



M:6]D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XS('EE87)S/'-P



M96-O;F0@3W!T:6]N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\




@6TQI;F4@


]



]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3V9F:6-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@




]










]


]


]


]






]


]

M;G1I;F=E;F-I97
@06YD($-O;6UI=&UE;G1S(%M








]




M97
@06YD($-O;6UI=&UE;G1S(%M







]


5\T.61D7V)E-3E?-39C
M8C8U.&%A-C$X#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T


'0O:'1M;#L@


]


S$L(#(P
M
3




30\+W1D





]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]



]



#$X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D




M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO96$X-S1A9#5?9C`Y
5\T.61D7V)E-3E?-39C

O4VAE970U
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]






]
M





]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#(R













]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3
L
3`P+#`P



M9VX]


]


]






M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO96$X-S1A9#5?9C`Y
5\T.61D7V)E-3E?

O4VAE970U
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q
SQB

#$R



]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]





]



]

3
R+#0R-SQS


]

M(#(P




M(%-T;V-K(%M






RPX
#(L


@27-S=65D


M;7`^
RPX
#(L






M9V%T92!


]

]
M


]



]












]
T1N=6UP/C
P


M










]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS


M9VX]

]



T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'
L








M9C`Y
5\T.61D7V)E-3E?-39C8C8U.&%A-C$X#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T






]







]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q


]





M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XX
#4V
M

]




]



]




M='
@8V]N=F5R=&5D('1O(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

]
T1T


]

M86QI9VX]







@


RPQ.3
\




C`Q


]







M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO96$X-S1A9#5?9C`Y
5\T.61D

O4VAE970U-2YH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



M86QI9VX]




T1T;W`^4F5M86EN:6YG(&-O;G1R86-T=6%L(&QI


M9VX]





2XP

]
T1R

]
T1N
M=6UP/C`N


M4&%R=%]E83@W-&%D-5]F
#DQ7S0Y9&1?8F4U.5\U-F-B-C4X86$V








@1FEN86YC:6%L($QI86)I;&ET:65S


]

]
T1T









]


M

]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E83@W-&%D-5]F
M
#DQ7S0Y9&1?8F4U.5\U-F-B-C4X86$V




M:78]

]
M



M87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R






]










]
T1N=6UP/C$R+#(X
2PU-3





]
M












]


]
T1N=6UP/C$X




]



]



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@






]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E
M83@W-&%D-5]F
#DQ7S0Y9&1?8F4U.5\U-F-B-C4X86$V
3@O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]





^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P
3



]




M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:RP@875T:&]R:7IE9#PO=&0^#0H@

]
T1N=6UP/C(T+#`P


]





]
T1N=6UP/C$V+#@T.2PP
38\

M.#
L







T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@









W
2PP
M






]

T1)1#!%



]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q













S4L
#`P/'-P


]



#`L
#`P

M
C`P+#`P






]

]
M






M+#$P






]













]






]




]




















]







]
T1R:#X-







]
M







]





M(&]P=&EO;G


]





M96YT($%W87)D(%M






]
T1T97AT/C(@




M/3-$=&]P/C(P
#0@4W1O8VL@3W!T:6]N(%!L86X@?!-87AI;75M/]T9#X-




]




]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^06YN:64@26YC($]M;FEB=7
@26YC96YT:79E(%!L86X\+W1D

]






]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^26YC96YT:79E


















]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


V+#@W


]


]


]



]
M

]
M

]


]
M

]
M

]



]
T1T97AT


T1T


]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^
M06YN:64@26YC($]M;FEB=7

]


]


]



]



T1T;W`^26YC96YT:79E


]


T1T;W`^4&5R8V5N=&%G92!O


M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO96$X-S1A9#5?9C`Y
5\T.61D7V)E-3E?-39C

O4VAE970V


M(&-O;G1E;G0]


]




]



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

#`P



M




]

]
T1T97AT/C



M9VX]
T1T;W`^0F5G:6YN:6YG(&)A;&%N8V4L('=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@


M9VX]

SQS

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@










]

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@-RXW

]
T1P

2PW-3DL


]
T1N=6UP/CDQ+#(S

]

M1&YU;3XH

]
T1P

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




]



M

O4VAE970V
2YH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@

S$L
M(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q

]



]


]

M-S0W+#(W


M9VX]
T1T;W`^5V5I9VAT960M($%V97)A9V4@4F5M86EN:6YG($-O;G1R86-T




]








]
T1N=6UP




]

]
T1N=6UP/C$V-RPX
M










]







]







I/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XS('EE87)S(#0@;6]N=&AS




M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E-T;V-K($]P=&EO;G



]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@


]











T1T




I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D




M($]P=&EO;G


]

]
T1P


M87EM96YT($%W87)D(%M

]
T1N=6UP/B`X







]

:69E

]
T1T97AT/C0@

@
R!M;VYT:'
@






]














]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]

@
B!M;VYT:'
@
M


M9VX]

]


]

]
M








]
T1T97AT

]


L


]
T1R

]
M


]




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@









]


]



T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@3W!T


]


]

]




]




S0N
M-3





]


]


5\T.61D7V)E
M-3E?-39C8C8U.&%A-C$X#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z




]


SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]














]
T1N

M86QI9VX]











]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$N

RXQ

]

]
T1N=6UP/C`N
M

M;7`^




]
T1T


M

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]
T1R:#X-

]


]



]



]


T1T;W`^17AP96-T960@=&5R;2`H:6X@


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XV('EE87)S



M9C`Y

O4VAE970V
M


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


]




]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5F5S=&5D+!S:&%R97
\+W1D


T1T;W`^1F]R

]
T1N=6T^
M*#4L
3

]








]



M;G0@9&%T92!F86ER('9A;'5E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$





M;&4Z+R\O0SHO96$X-S1A9#5?9C`Y
5\T.61D7V)E-3E?-39C8C8U.&%A-C$X


M




M


#$R/&)R/CPO







]


M96YT($%W87)D(%M



M
C4N






]
M



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B]E83@W-&%D-5]F
#DQ7S0Y9&1?8F4U.5\U-F-B-C4X86$V
3@O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]



]


]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L(#(P










2PX
C
\





M9VX]








T1T;W`^5&]T86P@1&5F

]
T1N=6UP/C

]
T1N=6UP/C0L


97-S.B!686QU871I
M;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\


M

]




M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W+#$S


]





5\T.61D7V)E-3E?-39C8C8U.&%A-C$X#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T





]
M

]
M

]
T1T:#Y-
M87(N(#


S$L(#(P














]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C(N


RXW


]


]
T1N=6T^*#$N



T1T;W`^0VAA;F=E


]


]





M+R\O0SHO96$X-S1A9#5?9C`Y
5\T.61D7V)E-3E?-39C8C8U.&%A-C$X+U=O

O4VAE970V-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

]


]

M86QI9VX]

@6TQI;F4@271E;7-=

]
M



]
T1P





M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E83@W-&%D-5]F
#DQ7S0Y9&1?8F4U.5\U
M-F-B-C4X86$V

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O




]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L(#(P
3(\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M

]


]






]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$L
S

M1&YU;7`^



]
M




]
T1R








]
T1R93X-


]






T1T;W`^5F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W

]


M


]




]
T1N=6T^


]

]
T1N=6T^*#$L


M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T
C@I/'-P86X^

]





M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$4T1$%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M



#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^



M;64@5&%X97


]


]


]
T1R93X-





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E83@W-&%D-5]F
#DQ7S0Y9&1?8F4U
M.5\U-F-B-C4X86$V

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J



M:&%R97



]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]



]


T1T;W`^4&]T96YT:6%L;'D@



]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#(R



M871I;VX@;V8@16%R;FEN9W
@4&5R(%-H87)E(%M














2PR


S`T/'-P








@17AC


]



]





]
T1T97AT


T1T

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]




M/5].97AT4&%R=%]E83@W-&%D-5]F
#DQ7S0Y9&1?8F4U.5\U-F-B-C4X86$V
M





M;64@4&5R(%-H87)E($%T=')I8G5T86)L92!T;R!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VMH;VQD



SXQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO

]





]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C`L

97-S.B!$:79I9&5N9'




]
T1R





]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@


3QS




]



M:&%R97
@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]U='-T86YD:6YG('5S960@:6X@8V]M

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$W+#$R.2PS





]

]
T1T


M

@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K



]
T1N=6UP
M/C$L


]






T1T;W`^+41I









]



T1T;W`^4&]T96YT:6%L(&1I;'5T
M:79E(&]P=&EO;G




]






]



T1T;W`^4&]T96YT:6%L(&1I;'5T
M:79E(&]P=&EO;G








]
T1R

T1)1#!%



M/3-$
SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q
SQB

#$R

]
T1R


M3&EV960@07-S971S(%M



]
T1N=6UP/C
L

]
M

;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E83@W-&%D-5]F
#DQ7S0Y9&1?8F4U.5\U-F-B-C4X
M86$V



]




SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

M36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]






]
T1N=6UP/B0@
30Q+#



T1T;W`^365A;'
\

]




]
T1R93X-



]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]









L($-O;F1I;65N='
@





:6YE($ET


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
C



5\T.61D7V)E-3E?-39C
M8C8U.&%A-C$X#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T


'0O:'1M;#L@


]






]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@













]



M;G



3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P
3


]
T1T

]



]


]
M


]

M;VUE(&)E9F]R92!I;F-O;64@=&%X97


T1T;W`^26UP86-T(&]N(&YE


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


5\T.61D7V)E-3E?-39C8C8U
M.&%A-C$X#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T







]



2P@
C`Q

]


]


]





]


]


]


T1T;W`^4&5R9F]R;6%N8V4@





@1W)A

M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO96$X-S1A9#5?9C`Y
5\T.61D7V)E-3E?-39C8C8U





M/@T*(#QO.DUA:6Y&:6QE($A2968]
T0B+BXO5V]R:V)O;VLN:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970P,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M,#,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`T+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#`W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P.YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970Q,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3(N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T,34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$V+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#$Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R,YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970R,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C0N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T

M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#,Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S
BYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970S-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S8N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T,SDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0P
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#0S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T
M-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#4N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970T-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M-#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Y+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#4R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U
RYH=&UL(B\^

M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8Q+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#8T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V-2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970V.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-CDN:'1M

T0B4VAE970W-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-S4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS

G83@W-&%D-5]F
#DQ7S0Y9&1?8F4U.5\U-F-B-C4X86$V
3@M+0T*
`
end











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

         2010
        
        


        

        01
         2011
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

000

000

000


        

400
000
        
        


        

000
000
        
        


        

000
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

850
000
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

127
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

384
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

525
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Month and Year
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including minimum and any contingent rent expense
 net of related sublease income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 other than under a long-term purchase commitment or an unconditional purchase obligation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Intangible Assets
 Net (Detail) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

023

023


        
        
        


        

212

212


        
        
        


Intangible assets
 net

116

176




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Product Formulas
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified











Convertible preferred stock
 par value
        
        


Convertible preferred stock
 shares authorized
        

346
555


Convertible preferred stock
 shares issued
        

281
553


Convertible preferred stock
 shares outstanding
        

281
553


Convertible preferred stock
 aggregate liquidation value

427

427


Preferred stock
 par value
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000
000
        


Preferred stock
 shares issued
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares outstanding
        
        


Common stock
 par value
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000


Common stock
 shares issued

849
016

242


Common stock
 shares outstanding

849
016

242




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP
 and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates
 is redeemable at the option of the holder
 or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. If convertible
 the issuer does not control the actions or events necessary to issue the maximum number of shares that could be required to be delivered under the conversion option if the holder exercises the option to convert the stock to another class of equity. If the security is a warrant or a rights issue
 the warrant or rights issue is considered to be temporary equity if the issuer cannot demonstrate that it would be able to deliver upon the exercise of the option by the holder in all cases. Includes stock with put option held by ESOP and stock redeemable by holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP
 and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates
 is redeemable at the option of the holder
 or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. If convertible
 the issuer does not control the actions or events necessary to issue the maximum number of shares that could be required to be delivered under the conversion option if the holder exercises the option to convert the stock to another class of equity. If the security is a warrant or a rights issue
 the warrant or rights issue is considered to be temporary equity if the issuer cannot demonstrate that it would be able to deliver upon the exercise of the option by the holder in all cases. Includes stock with put option held by ESOP and stock redeemable by holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP
 and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates
 is redeemable at the option of the holder
 or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. If convertible
 the issuer does not control the actions or events necessary to issue the maximum number of shares that could be required to be delivered under the conversion option if the holder exercises the option to convert the stock to another class of equity. If the security is a warrant or a rights issue
 the warrant or rights issue is considered to be temporary equity if the issuer cannot demonstrate that it would be able to deliver upon the exercise of the option by the holder in all cases. Includes stock with put option held by ESOP and stock redeemable by holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer.
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP
 and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates
 is redeemable at the option of the holder
 or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. If convertible
 the issuer does not control the actions or events necessary to issue the maximum number of shares that could be required to be delivered under the conversion option if the holder exercises the option to convert the stock to another class of equity. If the security is a warrant or a rights issue
 the warrant or rights issue is considered to be temporary equity if the issuer cannot demonstrate that it would be able to deliver upon the exercise of the option by the holder in all cases. Includes stock with put option held by ESOP and stock redeemable by holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP
 and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates
 is redeemable at the option of the holder
 or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. If convertible
 the issuer does not control the actions or events necessary to issue the maximum number of shares that could be required to be delivered under the conversion option if the holder exercises the option to convert the stock to another class of equity. If the security is a warrant or a rights issue
 the warrant or rights issue is considered to be temporary equity if the issuer cannot demonstrate that it would be able to deliver upon the exercise of the option by the holder in all cases. Includes stock with put option held by ESOP and stock redeemable by holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
7. Commitments and
Contingencies
Lease
Commitments


entered into a lease agreement (the &#x201C;Lease&#x201D;) for its
headquarters at 1610 Fifth Street
 Berkeley
 California on
November&#xA0;15
 2010 with an initial term that began on
March&#xA0;1
 2011 and expires in February 2016. The space was
comprised of 25
127 square feet of office space and 8
384 square
feet of warehouse space. Pursuant to the Lease
 the landlord
reserved the right to elect to recapture from the Company
 and
lease to a third party
 a portion of the warehouse space comprising
not more than 6
525 square feet (&#x201C;Recapture Space&#x201D;)
subject to certain terms and conditions provided for by the Lease.
Notwithstanding the foregoing
 the Company had a right of first
refusal to lease the Recapture Space. The lease term for the
Recapture Space was coterminous with the initial term
 including
any extensions. Further
 in the event that the landlord did not
elect to recapture the Recapture Space
 the Company had the right
upon written notice to the landlord
 to elect to lease the
Recapture Space
 in which event the landlord would build out the
Recapture Space for office use. On September&#xA0;25
 2012
 the
Company exercised the right and entered into an amendment to the
Lease (the &#x201C;Lease Amendment&#x201D;).


Amendment provided (i)&#xA0;for the reconfiguration of the
warehouse space to additional office space in order to accommodate
growth
 and (ii)&#xA0;the Company with a first option to extend the
initial term of the Lease for three years (the &#x201C;First
Option&#x201D;) followed by a second option to extend the Lease for
an additional two years (the &#x201C;Second Option&#x201D; and
together with the First Option
 the &#x201C;Option Periods&#x201D;).
Concurrently with the execution of the Lease Amendment
 the Company
exercised the First Option to extend the initial lease for an
additional three years to February 2019. The terms
 covenants and
conditions of the Lease
 as amended
 will continue to govern the
Options Periods
 except that the applicable monthly rent for the
Option Periods will be equal to 95% of the fair market rental rate
for the property
 however
 the monthly rent payable during the
Option Periods will not be less than the monthly rent payable
during the immediately preceding month of the initial term or First
Option period
 as applicable. The landlord is required to deliver
to the Company a notice of the fair market rental rate for the
property no later than August&#xA0;1
 2015. If the Company does not
agree with the proposed fair market rental rate
 then the term of
the lease will expire at the end of the initial term in February
2016. In such event
 the Company will have to reimburse to the
landlord an amount not to exceed 40% of the total tenant
improvement allowance plus interest
 as determined in accordance
with the Lease.


for non-cancellable operating lease with scheduled rent increases
is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Rent
expense for the years ended March&#xA0;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011 was
approximately $532
000
 $480
000 and $309
000
respectively.

&#xA0;


lease payments under the noncancelable operating leases as of
March&#xA0;31
 2013 are as follows (in thousands):

&#xA0;











Fiscal Year
Ending March&#xA0;31:








































































Total future minimum lease
payments



3
871














Purchase
Commitments


material non-cancelable purchase commitments
 directly or through
contract manufacturers
 to purchase ingredients to be used in the
future to manufacture its products. As of March&#xA0;31
 2013
 the
Company&#x2019;s purchase commitments totaled $10.4 million
 which
will substantially be incurred in fiscal 2014.


2011
 the Company entered into an agreement with its contract
warehousing company that includes minimum overhead fees of $200
000
annually beginning April&#xA0;1
 2012 through June 2015. As of
March&#xA0;31
 2013
 the remaining obligation under the agreement
for overhead fees was $450
000.


2011
 the Company entered into an agreement with one of its
contract manufacturers for the purchase of product formulas for a
purchase price of $2.0 million. The agreement requires annual
payments of at least $150
000 in each of the first six years of the
agreement with the balance of the $2.0&#xA0;million payment due at
the end of the seven-year term in November 2018. As of
March&#xA0;31
 2013
 the Company&#x2019;s remaining obligation for
product formulas was $1.85 million.



course of business
 the Company enters into contracts that contain
a variety of representations and provide for general
indemnifications. The Company&#x2019;s exposure under these
agreements is unknown because it involves claims that may be made
against the Company in the future but have not yet been made. To
date
 the Company has not paid any claims or been required to
defend any action related to its indemnification obligations
 and
accordingly
 the Company believes that the estimated fair value of
these indemnification obligations is minimal and has not accrued
any amounts for these obligations.
Legal
Matters


time
 the Company is subject to claims and assessments in the
ordinary course of business. The Company is not currently a party
to any litigation matter that
 individually or in the aggregate
 is
expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company&#x2019;s
business
 financial condition
 results of operations or cash
flows.





        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 9
 10
 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      






Net sales
 product recall impact

096


Cost of sales
 costs associated with product recall

080


Selling
 general and administrative
 costs associated with product recall
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Product Registration and Recall
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      


 2013

          











        
        
        
        


Common stock
 authorized

000
000

000
000
        


Common stock
 par value
        
        
        


Common stock
 issued

849
016

242
        


Common stock
 outstanding

849
016

242
        


Common stock
 right per share
        
        
        


Common stock
 dividend declared
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

000

000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 generally out of earnings.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

930
        


Accounts receivable
 net

015

870


        

147

202


        

558

995


        
        
        


        

050

252


        

288

045


Property and equipment
 net

138

298


        

809

809


Intangible assets
 net

116

176


Deferred tax assets
 long-term

704

650


        
        

343


        
        
        


        

212

429


        
        
        


        

342
        


        
        

305


        

021

452


        

363

618


        

007

796


        
        

157


        
        
        


        

283

492


        
        
        


Convertible preferred stock
 $0.001 par value-None authorized
 issued and outstanding at March 31
 2013; 12
346
555 shares authorized
 12
281
553
 shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2012 (aggregate liquidation value $132
427 at March 31
 2012)
        

373


        
        
        


Preferred stock
 $0.001 par value-5
000
000 shares authorized
 none issued and outstanding at March 31
 2013; None authorized
 issued and outstanding outstanding at March 31
 2012
        
        


Common stock
 $0.001 par value-30
000
000 and 24
000
000 shares authorized at March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively; 16
849
016 and 483
242 shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
        
        


        

190

392


        

278)

829)


        

929

436)


Total liabilities
 convertible preferred stock and stockholders' equity (deficit)

212

429




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of the amount due in the next twelve months or greater than the normal operating cycle
 if longer. The debt is convertible into another form of financial instrument
 typically the entity's common stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 41
 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
 -Paragraph 41
 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is the cumulative amount paid and (if applicable) the fair value of any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree
 adjusted for any amortization recognized prior to the adoption of any changes in generally accepted accounting principles (as applicable) and for any impairment charges
 in excess of the fair value of net assets acquired in one or more business combination transactions.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer) from tax authorities as of the balance sheet date representing refunds of overpayments or recoveries based on agreed-upon resolutions of disputes.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
              
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
 -Paragraph 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as applicable)
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
              
 -Paragraph 9
 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 and the aggregate carrying amount of current assets
 as of the balance sheet date
 not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet. Current assets are expected to be realized or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP
 and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates
 is redeemable at the option of the holder
 or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. If convertible
 the issuer does not control the actions or events necessary to issue the maximum number of shares that could be required to be delivered under the conversion option if the holder exercises the option to convert the stock to another class of equity. If the security is a warrant or a rights issue
 the warrant or rights issue is considered to be temporary equity if the issuer cannot demonstrate that it would be able to deliver upon the exercise of the option by the holder in all cases. Includes stock with put option held by ESOP and stock redeemable by holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        

871




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      






        
        


        

096


        

080


        
        


        

347


        

364


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Product Registration and Recall
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


lease payments under the noncancelable operating leases as of
March&#xA0;31
 2013 are as follows (in thousands):

&#xA0;











Fiscal Year
Ending March&#xA0;31:








































































Total future minimum lease
payments



3
871



















        
          

        
          
            

 (2) the existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses
 (3) restrictions imposed by lease arrangements
 such as those concerning dividends
 additional debt
 and further leasing
 (4) rent holidays
 rent concessions
 or leasehold improvement incentives and unusual provisions or conditions.  Disclosure may also include the specific period used to amortize material leasehold improvements made at the inception of the lease or during the lease term. Additionally
 for operating leases having initial or remaining noncancelable lease terms in excess of one year: (a) future minimum rental payments required as of the date of the latest balance sheet presented
 in the aggregate and for each of the five succeeding fiscal years
 (b) the total of minimum rentals to be received in the future under noncancelable subleases as of the date of the latest balance sheet presented
 and (c) for all operating leases
 rental expense for each period for which an income statement is presented
 with separate amounts for minimum rentals
 contingent rentals
 and sublease rentals. Rental payments under leases with terms of a month or less that were not renewed need not be included.
              
 -Subparagraph (Note 1
 -Subparagraph b
 c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
16.&#xA0;Geographic
Areas and Product Sales




Company&#x2019;s net sales by geographic areas
 based on the
location to where the product was shipped
 are summarized as
follows (in thousands):

&#xA0;




















Fiscal Year Ended
March&#xA0;31






















162
749



136
803



114
454








7
228



4
501



3
162

































169
977



141
304



117
616
































table sets forth net sales by product category expressed as dollar
amounts (in thousands):

&#xA0;




















Fiscal Year Ended
March&#xA0;31






















79
270



60
624



49
168








66
844



56
789



44
687




Dressings
 condiments and
other



23
863



23
891



23
761

































169
977



141
304



117
616






























All of the Company&#x2019;s
long-lived assets are located in the U.S.






        
          

        
          
            

 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      


 2013

          











        
        
        
        


        

000
000

000

000


        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        


        

000
000
        
        


Product formula purchase consideration
 annual payment
        
        

000


        

212
000

212
000
        


        
        
        
        


        

000

000

000


        

000
        
        


        

000
        
        


        

000
        
        


        

000
        
        


        

000
        
        


Future Amortization Expense
 next five years
 Total

000
        
        


        

000
        
        


        

050
000

252
000
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

900
000

000
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

000
000



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Amortization Expense
 Next Five Years
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 annual payment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 and the aggregate carrying amount of current assets
 as of the balance sheet date
 not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet. Current assets are expected to be realized or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding asset retirement obligations.
              
 -Subsection 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      






 2012

          



 2012

          



 2013

          



        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        
        


        

        01
         2018
        
        
        


        

560
        
        
        


        
        

560
        
        


        
        

367
        
        


        
        

193
        
        


        

         2012
        
        
        


        
        
        

000
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

111

205
        


        

823

894
        


        

934

099

387


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

220


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

161


        
        
        

295)


        
        
        

134)


        

318

588

747)




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 16
 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 16
 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      
















 Goods


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Concentration risk
 percentage
        
        
        
        
        




 Goods


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Concentration risk
 percentage
        
        
        
        
        




 Goods


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Concentration risk
 percentage
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Concentration risk
 percentage
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              

 two customers represented 36% and 26%
 respectively
 of accounts receivable. The same two customers represented 45% and 21%
 respectively
 of accounts receivable in fiscal 2012. In fiscal 2013








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Company&#x2019;s net sales by geographic areas
 based on the
location to where the product was shipped
 are summarized as
follows (in thousands):

&#xA0;



















Fiscal Year Ended
March&#xA0;31





















162
749



136
803



114
454








7
228



4
501



3
162

































169
977



141
304



117
616

































        
        

The following table sets
forth net sales by product category expressed as dollar amounts (in
thousands):
























Fiscal Year Ended
March&#xA0;31






















79
270



60
624



49
168








66
844



56
789



44
687




Dressings
 condiments and
other



23
863



23
891



23
761

































169
977



141
304



117
616



































        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


recorded the estimated customer and consumer returns as a reduction
of net sales
 related costs associated with product returns
destruction charges
 inventory write-off and costs incurred by
contract manufacturers as cost of sales
 and administrative costs
associated with the recall such as legal expenses as selling
general and administrative expenses. As a result of the voluntary
product recall
 the Company recorded an estimated accrual for
product returns and recall-related costs of approximately $2.4
million for the fiscal year ended March&#xA0;31
 2013 as follows
(in thousands except per share amount):

&#xA0;
















Reduction of net
sales



1
096




Incremental cost of
sales



1
080




Incremental administrative
costs



















Total reduction to income
before income taxes



2
347















Impact on net
income



1
364















Impact on net income per
diluted share























        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
6.&#xA0;Related Party
Transactions



Agreement with Solera
Capital
 LLC

In April 2011
 the Company
entered into a management agreement to supersede a prior agreement
by and between the Company and Solera Capital
 LLC
 an affiliate of
its principal stockholder
 Solera Partners
 L.P.
 to retain Solera
to continue to provide consulting and advisory services to the
Company for a term ending on the later of: (i)&#xA0;March&#xA0;5
2014
 or (ii)&#xA0;the date on which Solera and its affiliates
cease to own at least 10% of the voting equity of the Company
(including any successor thereto). Such services may include
(i)&#xA0;assisting in the raising of additional debt and equity
capital from time to time for the Company
 if deemed advisable by
the Board of Directors of the Company
 (ii)&#xA0;assisting the
Company in its long-term strategic planning generally
 and
(iii)&#xA0;providing such other consulting and advisory services as
the Company may reasonably request.

In consideration of Solera
providing the services listed above
 effective April&#xA0;1
 2011
the Company agreed to pay Solera an annual advisory fee of
$600
000
 payable quarterly in advance on the first day of each
calendar quarter
 provided
 however
 that the fee for the calendar
quarter commencing April&#xA0;1
 2011 was due within 10 days of
date of the agreement. The Company also agreed to reimburse Solera
for Solera&#x2019;s out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in
connection with the investment by Solera in the Company in the
performance of Solera&#x2019;s duties under the agreement. During
the years ended March&#xA0;31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company incurred
$0.6 million and $0.4 million
 respectively
 for such consulting
and advisory services. The advisory services agreement with Solera
was terminated upon the consummation of the IPO and as such the
Company paid to Solera a one-time termination fee of $1.3 million
in April 2012.

On March&#xA0;18
 2013
 the
Company concurrently with the closing of the secondary public
offering repurchased 500
000 shares of its common stock from Solera
in a private
 non-underwritten transaction at a price of $38.25 per
share. The price paid by the Company was equal to the price paid by
the underwriters in the secondary public
offering.







        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


preferred stock at March&#xA0;31
 2012 consists of the following
(in thousands
 except shares):

&#xA0;
























Authorized



Outstanding


Proceeds

Issuance Costs




Amount

























Series A 2002 Convertible
Preferred Stock



3
802
086



3
802
084



23
374



41
418




Series A 2004 Convertible
Preferred Stock



4
806
000



4
806
000



30
999



50
226




Series A 2005 Convertible
Preferred Stock



3
738
469



3
673
469



27
000



40
783







































Total convertible preferred
stock



12
346
555



12
281
553



81
373



132
427











































        
          

        
          
            

 including par or stated value per share
 number and dollar amount of share subscriptions
 shares authorized
 shares issued
 shares outstanding
 number and dollar amount of shares held in an employee trust
 dividend per share
 total dividends
 share conversion features
 par value plus additional paid in capital
 the value of treasury stock and other information necessary to a fair presentation
 and EPS information.  Stock by class includes common
 convertible
 and preferred stocks which are not redeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. Includes preferred stock with redemption features that are solely within the control of the issuer and mandatorily redeemable stock if redemption is required to occur only upon liquidation or termination of the reporting entity. If more than one issue is outstanding
 state the title of each issue and the corresponding dollar amount; dollar amount of any shares subscribed but unissued and the deduction of subscriptions receivable there from; number of shares authorized
 issued
 and outstanding.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

391

938


        

142
        


        

614

510


        

147

202




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 are generally comprised of raw materials
 labor and factory overhead costs
 and which require further materials
 labor and overhead to be converted into finished goods
 and which generally require the use of estimates to determine percentage complete and pricing.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
9.&#xA0;Convertible
Preferred Stock Warrant


in connection with the Term Loan (Note 5)
 the Company had issued a
warrant to Hercules for the purchase of 80
560 shares of Series A
2005 Convertible Preferred Stock at an exercise price of $8.07 per
share. The fair value of the warrant
 which was determined using
Black-Scholes option-pricing model upon issuance
 approximated
$431
000 (Note 2). The warrant was immediately exercisable on the
date of issuance and was scheduled to expire at the earlier of five
years from a qualifying IPO of the Company&#x2019;s common stock or
April&#xA0;1
 2018. Upon the consummation of the Company&#x2019;s
IPO on April&#xA0;2
 2012
 the warrant became a warrant to purchase
80
560 shares of our common stock and the related convertible
preferred stock warrant liability was reclassified to additional
paid-in capital. On April&#xA0;12
 2012
 Hercules exercised the
warrant to purchase 80
560 shares of our common stock by
surrendering 17
367 shares to pay for the exercise. As a result
the Company issued Hercules 63
193 shares of common
stock.

&#xA0;


April&#xA0;2
 2012
 the Company measured the fair value of the
outstanding convertible preferred stock warrant using an option
pricing method with several possible distribution outcomes
depending on the timing and kind of liquidity event utilizing the
following assumptions:

&#xA0;











April&#xA0;2
&#xA0;2012




Remaining contractual life
(in years)








Risk-free interest
rate








Expected
volatility








Expected dividend
rate








Remaining
Contractual Life
contractual life based on the remaining term through actual
exercise on April&#xA0;12
 2012.

Risk-Free
Interest Rate
U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with remaining terms similar to
the expected term of the warrant.

.&#xA0;Since prior to the IPO
 the Company was
a private entity with no historical data regarding the volatility
of its preferred stock
 the expected volatility used was based upon
the volatility of a group of similar entities
 referred to as
&#x201C;guideline&#x201D; companies. In evaluating similarity
 the
Company considered factors such as industry
 stage of life cycle
and size.

Dividend
Yield.&#xA0;
dividends
 no future dividends are expected to be available to
benefit warrant holder
 and
 accordingly
 the Company used an
expected dividend yield of zero in the valuation model.


2012
 the Company corrected errors in the measurement of the
convertible preferred stock warrant liability through
March&#xA0;31
 2011 and recorded a loss of $518
000 included in
other income (expense)
 net in the accompanying statement of
operations (Note&#xA0;2).


April&#xA0;2
 2012
 the Company categorized the convertible
preferred stock warrant liability as a Level 3 financial liability
since there was no market activity for the underlying shares of the
2005 Convertible Preferred Stock.


table sets forth a summary of the changes in the fair value of the
Company&#x2019;s Level 3 financial liabilities (in
thousands):

&#xA0;











April&#xA0;2
&#xA0;2012




Fair value at March&#xA0;31
2012



2
157




Change in fair value
recorded in other income (expense)
 net



















Fair value at April&#xA0;2
2012



2
170



















        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      






 2013

          



        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
5.&#xA0;Notes
Payable
Loan and Security
Agreement


the Company had entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the
&#x201C;Loan Agreement&#x201D;) with Hercules Technology II
 L.P.
(&#x201C;Hercules&#x201D;). The Loan Agreement provided for a loan in
an aggregate principal amount up to $7.0 million (the &#x201C;Term
Loan&#x201D;) and required the Company to draw an initial tranche of
$4.0 million upon the execution of the Loan Agreement. The Loan
Agreement provided the Company the ability to draw additional Term
Loan advances in an aggregate amount up to $3.0 million in minimum
increments of $1.0 million
 of which the Company drew $2.0 million
in August 2008. In connection with the Loan Agreement
 the Company
had issued a warrant to Hercules to purchase 80
560 shares of
Series A 2005 Convertible Preferred Stock
 and incurred
approximately $215
000 for debt issuance costs. The fair value of
the warrant
 which was determined using Black-Scholes
option-pricing model upon issuance
 approximated
$431
000.


principal balance of the Term Loan bore interest at a rate of per
annum equal to greater of the LIBOR Rate plus 6.5% and 10% and had
an additional 2% paid-in-kind interest. Interest was payable
monthly with all principal balance payable upon maturity. The Term
Loan permitted the Company to prepay all principal balances with a
prepayment charge. In August 2010
 the Company repaid the entire
$6.0 million of the then outstanding principal balance and incurred
a prepayment charge of $60
000. The terms of the Loan Agreement
required the Company to comply with various covenants. Through
August 2010
 when the Term Loan was repaid
 the Company was in
compliance with the terms of the Loan Agreement.





        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

551

589

155


        
        
        
        


        

065
        
        


        

064
        
        


        
        
        

500


        
        
        
        


        

113)
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

726
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

134)


        
        
        
        


Accounts receivable
 net

142)

942)

045)


        

399)
        

561)


        

853
        
        


Prepaid expenses
 other current and non-current assets

498
        
        


        

356

499)

735


        

305)

299
        


        

261
        

660


        

723

291

238


        
        
        
        


        

766)

538)
        


        

766)

538)
        


        
        
        
        


        

737

389

344


        

526)

593)

344)


Proceeds from common shares issued in initial public offering
 net of issuance costs

146
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

550)

529)


        
        
        
        


        
        

368)
        


        
        
        

000)


        

125)
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

113
        
        


        

073
        
        


        

589)

524)

569)


        

368

771)

217)


        
        

333

550


        

930
        

333


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

153

491


        
        
        
        


        

373
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

975
        


        
        

023
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 typically for liabilities
 that have been discounted to their net present values. Excludes accretion associated with asset retirement obligations.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment asset that was sold or retired during the reporting period. This element refers to the gain (loss).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 subsidiaries of a common parent
 an entity and trust for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entities' management
 an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families
 affiliates
 or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which represents the amount due from tax authorities for refunds of overpayments or recoveries of income taxes paid.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 deferred expenses
 intangible assets
 or income taxes.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 first out and the last in
 first out inventory valuation methods and any LIFO decrement which have been reflected in the statement of income during the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including those of discontinued operations
 of the reporting entity. Operating activities generally involve producing and delivering goods and providing services. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value that are not defined as investing or financing activities. While for technical reasons this element has no balance attribute
 the default assumption is a debit balance consistent with its label.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 preferred shareholders and noncontrolling interests.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 18
 19
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 18
 19
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with maturities due beyond one year or the operating cycle
 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which the entity may have realized and reported separately.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the offset which is generally to the allowance for doubtful accounts for the purpose of reducing receivables
 including notes receivable
 to an amount that approximates their net realizable value (the amount expected to be collected).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with maturities due beyond one year or the operating cycle
 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      










 2013

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

221
571

221
571
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

100
000

200
000


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        

      






















        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

         2012
        
        
        


Loans and letter of credit
 maximum borrowing capacity
        
        
        
        
        


Line of credit facility
 expiration date
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Line of credit facility
 available borrowing capacity
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Line of credit facility
 unused line fee
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Line of credit facility
 unused line fee
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Line of credit
 interest rate
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Line of credit
 interest rate
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 borrowings may be limited by the amount of current assets)
 but without considering any amounts currently outstanding under the facility.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 expressed as a percentage of the line of credit facility
 for available but unused credit capacity under the credit facility.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


for (benefit from) income taxes was as follows (in
thousands):

&#xA0;



















Fiscal Year Ended
March&#xA0;31






































6
111



4
205












1
823



1
894





































7
934



6
099



1
387




























































4
220


























































4
161




Less: Valuation
allowance











(11
295









































(7
134































Provision for (benefit
from) income taxes



8
318



6
588



(5
747

































        
        
The reconciliation of the
statutory federal income tax rate to the Company&#x2019;s effective
tax is presented below:

&#xA0;



















Fiscal&#xA0;Year&#xA0;Ended&#xA0;March&#xA0;31

















Tax at federal statutory
rate
















State income taxes
 net of
federal benefit
















Non-deductible permanent
difference
















Effect of tax rate
change
















Change in valuation
allowance




























































Provision for (benefit
from) income taxes













































        
        

The tax effects of
temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the
deferred tax assets are presented below (in
thousands):
























March&#xA0;31


















Deferred tax
assets
















Credits and net operating
loss carryforwards



3
749



3
975



4
804




Share-based compensation
expense



1
332



1
441



1
130




Accrued
compensation



1
211







1
004




Reserves and
allowances
















Capital loss
carryforward
















Other
 net











































Gross deferred tax
assets



7
801



7
527



7
898




Valuation
allowance











































Total deferred tax
assets



7
373



7
103



7
562































Deferred tax
liabilities
















Property
 plant and
equipment



(1
111







































Total deferred tax
liabilities



(1
111







































Net deferred tax
assets



6
262



6
645



7
134

































        
        
The Company had the
following net operating loss (&#x201C;NOL&#x201D;) carryforwards for
tax purposes (in thousands):

&#xA0;



















March&#xA0;31





















9
276



9
931



12
020








7
165



7
686



6
070








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


State income taxes
 net of federal benefit
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of the federal tax benefit (expense) thereon
 recorded during the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


Incentive Plan
 shares purchased for stock plan

165

899
        


Stock-based compensation expense
 related to stock options granted to the employees

400
000

000

000


Stock-based compensation expense
weighted average grant date fair value of the employee stock options
        
        
        


        

000

000

000


        

300
000
        
        


Unrecognized compensation cost
 expected to be recognized over a weighted average period
        
        
        






        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

100
000

000

000



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        


        

493
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Stock-based compensation
 common stock allocated to be issued
        

615
        


        

528
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Stock options
 expiration period (years)
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Incentive Plan
 shares purchased for stock plan

466
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Stock options
 expiration period (years)
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Stock options
 expiration period (years)
        
        
        


Stock options
 common stock eligible for repurchase of common stock

247
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Stock options
 vesting period(years)
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Stock options
 vesting period(years)
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Stock-based compensation
 common stock allocated to be issued

570
        
        


Incentive Plan
 shares purchased for stock plan

215
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

873
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

697
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Incentive Plan
 shares purchased for stock plan

192
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Incentive Plan
 shares purchased for stock plan

973
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the aggregate unrecognized cost of equity-based awards made to employees under equity-based compensation awards that have yet to vest.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including vested instruments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
12.&#xA0;Stock Option
Plans


2004 Stock Option
Plan


2004
 the Board of Directors of the Company adopted the 2004 Stock
Option Plan (the &#x201C;2004 Plan&#x201D;). Under the 2004 Plan
incentive and non-qualified stock options could be granted to
eligible employees
 directors and consultants. Vesting and exercise
provisions were determined by the Board of Directors at the time of
grant. Options granted generally vest annually on a straight-line
basis over a two- to five-year period from the date of grant.
Vested options can be exercised at any time and generally expire
ten years after the grant date. Options may be exercised once
vested at the price per share
 determined by the Board of Directors
when granted
 which approximated the fair market value at the grant
date. In the event that an option holder&#x2019;s continuous service
terminates
 the option holder generally has three months from the
date of termination in which to exercise vested options.


February&#xA0;22
 2012
 the Company&#x2019;s compensation committee
determined that no further awards would be granted under the 2004
Plan. As of March&#xA0;31
 2013
 eligible participants held options
to purchase 721
247 shares of common stock under the 2004 Plan. If
outstanding stock options expire or are canceled without having
been fully exercised
 the underlying shares will not become
available for purposes of the 2004 Plan.
Annie&#x2019;s
 Inc.
Omnibus Incentive Plan


2012
 the Board of Directors adopted and the Company&#x2019;s
shareholders approved the Omnibus Incentive Plan
 which became
effective upon the completion of IPO. A total of 867
570 shares of
common stock were reserved for future issuance under the Omnibus
Incentive Plan. As of March&#xA0;31
 2013
 no shares had been
issued under the Plan
 436
873 shares were reserved for issuance
pursuant to outstanding awards
 and 430
697 shares remained
available for future awards. Any shares covered by an award that
are forfeited
 expired
 canceled
 settled in cash or otherwise
terminated without delivery of shares to the grantee will be
available for future grants under the Omnibus Incentive Plan.
However
 shares surrendered to or withheld by the Company in
payment or satisfaction of the exercise price of an award or any
tax withholding obligation with respect to an award will not be
available for the grant of new awards. The Omnibus Incentive Plan
provides for grants of incentive stock options
 or ISOs
non-qualified stock options
 or NSOs
 stock appreciation rights
 or
SARs
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 performance awards
other stock-based awards and cash-based incentive
awards.

&#xA0;


granted non-qualified stock options
 restricted stock units and
performance share units to its employees from the Omnibus Incentive
Plan. As of March&#xA0;31
 2013
 eligible participants held options
to purchase 340
215 shares of common stock
 20
192 restricted stock
units and 50
973 performance share units under the Omnibus
Incentive Plan. The options granted to employees generally vest in
four equal installments beginning on the second anniversary of the
grant date
 and on each anniversary thereafter
 provided
continuance of employment with the Company. The restricted stock
units granted to employees vest 50% on the second anniversary of
the grant date
 and the remaining 50% on the third anniversary of
the grant date
 provided continuance of the employment with the
Company. The performance share units granted to employees vest
based on achievement of required cumulative compounded adjusted
diluted earnings per share growth during the three-year period
beginning April&#xA0;1
 2012 and ending March&#xA0;31
2015.
Non-plan Stock Option
Awards


granted performance based option awards for the right to purchase
176
615 shares of common stock to certain key management prior to
fiscal 2012
 all of which were vested in full as of March&#xA0;31
2012. Vesting and exercise provisions were determined by the Board
of Directors at the time of grant. Options granted vested according
to the performance feature underlying the grant. Vested options can
be exercised at any time and expire generally five to ten years
after the grant date. In the event that an option holder&#x2019;s
continuous service terminates
 the option holder generally has
three months from the date of termination in which to exercise
vested options. As of March&#xA0;31
 2013
 such management held
options to purchase 142
528 shares of common stock under the
non-plan stock option awards.


stock options under our 2004 Plan
 non-plan option awards and
Omnibus Incentive Plan is set forth below:

&#xA0;

























of&#xA0;Shares



Exercise Price





(in Years)




Value




















Balance
 March&#xA0;31
2012



1
759
367




















91
239




















(15
606




















(631
010











































Balance
 March&#xA0;31
2013



1
203
990











































Vested and expected to
vest&#x2014;March 31
 2013



990
823











27
000







































Exercisable&#x2014;March 31
2013



747
273











22
816






































The following table
summarizes information about stock options outstanding at
March&#xA0;31
 2013:

&#xA0;




















Options
Outstanding





Exercise
Price



Outstanding





(Years)



Exercisable









167
835







167
835








253
501







253
501








23
789







23
789








77
101







77
101








186
624







181
668








154
925







43
379








248
976
















91
239





































1
203
990







747
273




























uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair
value of stock options. The valuation model for stock compensation
expense requires the Company to make assumptions and judgments
about the variables used in the calculation including the expected
term (weighted-average period of time that the options granted are
expected to be outstanding); volatility of the Company&#x2019;s
common stock
 an assumed-risk-free interest rate and the estimated
forfeitures of unvested stock options.

&#xA0;














Fiscal Year Ended
March&#xA0;31














Expected term (in
years)










Expected
volatility










Risk-free interest
rate










Expected dividend
rate










Fair Value
of Common Stock
 the
fair value of the shares of common stock underlying the stock
options is defined as the closing price of our common stock on the
date of the grant. Prior to the IPO
 the fair value of the shares
of common stock underlying the stock options had historically been
determined by the Board of Directors. Because there had been no
public market for the Company&#x2019;s common stock prior to
March&#xA0;28
 2012
 the Board of Directors determined fair value
of the common stock at the time of grant of the option by
considering a number of objective and subjective factors including
valuation of comparable companies
 sales of convertible preferred
stock to unrelated third parties
 operating and financial
performance and general and industry-specific economic
outlook.

.&#xA0;The Company derived
the expected term using several factors including the ratio of
market value to the strike price
 volatility
 proximity to recent
vesting and the remaining option term. In addition
 the Company
considered behavioral factors including portfolio diversification
liquidity considerations
 risk aversion and tax planning in its
model to determine the expected term. Additionally
 the Company
considers historical experience in determining the expected
term.

.&#xA0;Since the Company has no historical
data regarding the volatility of its common stock prior to the IPO
and it has limited company-specific historical volatility
 the
expected volatility used is based upon the volatility of a group of
similar entities
 referred to as &#x201C;guideline&#x201D; companies.
In evaluating similarity
 the Company considered factors such as
industry
 stage of life cycle and size.

Risk-Free
Interest Rate
U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with remaining terms similar to
the expected term of the options.

Dividend
Yield
privately held company declared dividends
 no future dividends are
expected to be available to benefit option holders
 and
accordingly
 the Company used an expected dividend yield of zero in
the valuation model.

 The Company is required to estimate
forfeitures at the time of grant
 and revise those estimates in
subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ or are expected to
differ from those estimates. The Company uses historical data to
estimate pre-vesting option forfeitures and record stock based
compensation expense only for those awards that are expected to
vest. To the extent actual forfeitures differ from the estimates
the difference will be recorded as a cumulative adjustment in the
period that the estimates are revised.


estimates its forfeiture rate based on an analysis of its actual
forfeitures and will continue to evaluate the adequacy of the
forfeiture rate assumption based on actual forfeitures
 analysis of
employee turnover
 and other related factors.


intrinsic value of share options exercised during the years ended
March&#xA0;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011 was $21.4 million
 $635
000 and
$37
000
 respectively. The intrinsic value is calculated based on
the difference between the exercise price and the fair value of the
common stock at time of exercise.


average grant date fair value of the employee stock options granted
during the years ended March&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012 was $13.93 and
$7.62 per share
 respectively. No employee stock options were
granted in fiscal 2011.


compensation expense included in selling
 general and
administrative expenses
 for the years ended March&#xA0;31
 2012
2011 and 2010 was approximately $1.1 million
 $0.5 million and $0.4
million
 respectively. The related tax benefit for stock-based
compensation was $0.4 million
 $0.2 million and $0.1 million for
the years ended March&#xA0;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
respectively.

&#xA0;
The following table
summarizes the activity of unvested restricted stock units and
performance share units:

&#xA0;
















Shares-Based
Awards








Fair Value





Unvested at March 31
2012



65
899












10
398

























(5
132



























Unvested at March 31
2013



71
165




























March&#xA0;31
 2013
 there were 50
973 unvested performance share
units outstanding
 net of actual forfeitures. As of March&#xA0;31
2013
 the number of shares estimated to be issued at the end of the
performance period is a total of 25
493 shares
 for which the
Company recorded an expense of $130
000
 net of estimated
forfeitures during fiscal 2013. The maximum number of total shares
that could be issued at the end of performance period is 76
466
shares.


March&#xA0;31
 2013
 there was $3.3 million of total unrecognized
compensation cost related to unvested share-based compensation
arrangements which is expected to be recognized over a weighted
average period of 3.4 years.






        
          

        
          
            

 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 64
 65
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
8.&#xA0;Convertible
Preferred Stock


prior to the closing of the IPO in April&#xA0;2
 2012
 the
outstanding shares of convertible preferred stock were
automatically converted into 15
221
571 shares of common stock. No
shares of convertible preferred stock were authorized
 issued or
outstanding at March&#xA0;31
 2013.


preferred stock at March&#xA0;31
 2012 consists of the following
(in thousands
 except shares):

&#xA0;
























Authorized



Outstanding


Proceeds

Issuance Costs




Amount

























Series A 2002 Convertible
Preferred Stock



3
802
086



3
802
084



23
374



41
418




Series A 2004 Convertible
Preferred Stock



4
806
000



4
806
000



30
999



50
226




Series A 2005 Convertible
Preferred Stock



3
738
469



3
673
469



27
000



40
783







































Total convertible preferred
stock



12
346
555



12
281
553



81
373



132
427









































fiscal years ended March&#xA0;31
 2012 and 2011
 the convertible
preferred stockholders received cash dividends of $1.07 and $0.99
per share
 respectively
 or approximately $13.1 million and $12.2
million in the aggregate
 respectively
 as a result of
participating in the common stock dividend.



shares of convertible preferred stock had the right
 at the
election of the holders of at least a majority of such series of
preferred stock
 to convert such shares into that number of shares
of common stock equal to the applicable initial purchase price
divided by the conversion price then in effect. No fractional
shares of common stock could be issued upon such conversion.
Initially
 such conversion would have been on a 1-for-1 basis
subject to adjustment for any stock dividend
 stock split
reclassification
 recapitalization
 consolidation or similar event.
In addition
 the holders of shares of convertible preferred stock
were entitled to anti-dilution protection
 which provided that
subject to certain exceptions
 upon a subsequent dilutive issuance
of common stock for a purchase price per share of less than the
applicable conversion price then in effect
 the conversion price of
such series of preferred stock would be adjusted on a weighted
average basis. As a result
 the conversion ratio of convertible
preferred stock to common stock would be adjusted accordingly. On
March&#xA0;7
 2012
 the Company declared a stock split effected as
a stock dividend of 0.239385 shares for each share of common stock.
As a result
 the conversion ratio for each series of convertible
preferred stock as of March&#xA0;31
 2012 was 1-for-1.239385.
Immediately prior to the closing of the IPO
 the outstanding shares
of convertible preferred stock were automatically converted into
15
221
571 shares of common stock.





        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified















        
        
        
        


        

749

975

804


        

332

441

130


        

211
        

004


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Other
 net
        
        
        


        

801

527

898


        
        
        
        


        

373

103

562


        
        
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment

111)
        
        


        

111)
        
        


        

262

645

134




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment.
              
 -Subparagraph d
 e
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
15.&#xA0;Net Income per
Share of Common Stock attributable to Common
Stockholders




outstanding shares of potentially dilutive securities were excluded
from the computation of diluted net income per share of common
stock for the periods presented
 because including them would have
been anti-dilutive:

&#xA0;




















Fiscal Year Ended
March&#xA0;31


















Convertible preferred stock
(on an as-if converted basis)







15
221
571



15
221
571




Options to purchase common
stock



91
239



379
304








Restricted stock
units







16
700








Convertible preferred stock
warrant







80
560







































91
239



15
698
135



15
221
571
































reconciliation of the numerator and denominator used in the
calculation of the basic and diluted net income per share
attributable to common stockholders is as follows (in thousands
except share and per share amounts):

&#xA0;




















Fiscal Year Ended
March&#xA0;31


















Net income
per share:



































11
551



9
589



20
155




Less: Dividends paid to
convertible preferred stockholders







13
141



12
159




Undistributed income (loss)
attributable to convertible preferred stockholders







(3
842



7
400































Net income attributable to
common stockholders&#x2014;basic and diluted



11
551
























































Weighted average shares of
common stock outstanding used in computing net income attributable
to common stockholders&#x2014;basic



17
129
334



469
089



461
884




Potential dilutive options
as calculated using treasury stock method



570
210



641
999



703
561




Potential restricted stock
units
 as calculated using treasury stock method



8
295












Potential dilutive
warrants
 as calculated using treasury stock method











35
680































Weighted average shares of
common stock outstanding used in computing net income attributable
to common stockholders&#x2014;diluted



17
707
839



1
111
088



1
201
125































Net income per share
attributable to common stockholders



























































































































        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
13.&#xA0;Employee Benefit
Plans


offers a retirement savings plan under Section&#xA0;401(k) of the
Internal Revenue Code. The plan covers all employees who meet
minimum age and service requirements and allows participants to
defer a portion of their annual compensation on a pre-tax basis.
Under the plan
 the Company match was increased from 25% to 50%
during third quarter of fiscal 2013 up to a maximum of 6% of
eligible compensation
 not to exceed $4
000. Contribution expense
was not material for the years presented.





        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 postemployment and postretirement benefit plans
 defined benefit pension plans
 defined contribution plans
 non-qualified and supplemental benefit plans
 deferred compensation
 share-based compensation
 life insurance
 severance
 health care
 unemployment and other benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

         2013
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

 INC.
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        

880
004
        


        
        
        

600
000




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
14.&#xA0;Income
Taxes


The provision for (benefit
from) income taxes was as follows (in thousands):

&#xA0;




















Fiscal Year Ended
March&#xA0;31







































6
111



4
205












1
823



1
894





































7
934



6
099



1
387




























































4
220


























































4
161




Less: Valuation
allowance











(11
295









































(7
134































Provision for (benefit
from) income taxes



8
318



6
588



(5
747































&#xA0;
The reconciliation of the
statutory federal income tax rate to the Company&#x2019;s effective
tax is presented below:

&#xA0;




















Fiscal&#xA0;Year&#xA0;Ended&#xA0;March&#xA0;31


















Tax at federal statutory
rate
















State income taxes
 net of
federal benefit
















Non-deductible permanent
difference
















Effect of tax rate
change
















Change in valuation
allowance




























































Provision for (benefit
from) income taxes












































2013
 the Company reduced its taxes payable by $8.1 million
 as a
result of the exercise of non-qualified stock options. The excess
tax benefit associated with stock-based compensation of $20.0
million for the fiscal year ended March&#xA0;31
 2013
 was recorded
in additional-paid-in-capital.


of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of
the deferred tax assets are presented below (in
thousands):

&#xA0;




















March&#xA0;31


















Deferred tax
assets
















Credits and net operating
loss carryforwards



3
749



3
975



4
804




Share-based compensation
expense



1
332



1
441



1
130




Accrued
compensation



1
211







1
004




Reserves and
allowances
















Capital loss
carryforward
















Other
 net











































Gross deferred tax
assets



7
801



7
527



7
898




Valuation
allowance











































Total deferred tax
assets



7
373



7
103



7
562































Deferred tax
liabilities
















Property
 plant and
equipment



(1
111







































Total deferred tax
liabilities



(1
111







































Net deferred tax
assets



6
262



6
645



7
134
































March&#xA0;31
 2013
 the Company has a $5.1 million state capital
loss carryforward resulting from the disposition of Fantastic Foods
in fiscal 2009
 for which a full valuation allowance is recorded
because management believes it is more likely than not that the
Company will not generate a capital gain needed to be able to
offset the state capital loss.
The Company had the
following net operating loss (&#x201C;NOL&#x201D;) carryforwards for
tax purposes (in thousands):

&#xA0;




















March&#xA0;31






















9
276



9
931



12
020








7
165



7
686



6
070





carryforwards are available to offset future federal and state
taxable income through 2028 and 2033
 respectively. Pursuant to
Section&#xA0;382 of the Internal Revenue Code
 if there is a change
in stock ownership of the Company exceeding 50% during a three-year
period
 the utilization of the Company&#x2019;s NOL carryforwards
may be limited. The business acquisitions in fiscal 2005 resulted
in a change in stock ownership and
 consequently
 the
Company&#x2019;s NOLs generated prior to these ownership changes are
subject to an annual limitation.

&#xA0;


files consolidated tax returns for federal income taxes as well as
for state income taxes in various state jurisdictions. In the
normal course of business
 the Company is subject to examination by
taxing authorities. These audits include questioning the timing and
amount of deductions
 the nexus of income among various tax
jurisdictions and compliance with federal
 state
 and local tax
laws. Due to net operating loss carryovers
 the Company is open for
U.S. federal
 state and local income tax examinations for fiscal
1998 until 2003 and then once again for U.S. federal income tax
examinations for fiscal 2010 and beyond and for state and local
income tax examinations for fiscal 2009 and beyond.


not have any unrecognized tax positions at March&#xA0;31
 2013
2012 and 2011 that if recognized would affect the annual effective
tax rate. During the years ended March&#xA0;31
 2013
 2012 and
2011
 the Company did not record any accrued interest or penalties
for federal and state income tax purposes. It is difficult to
predict the final timing and resolution of any particular uncertain
tax position. Based on the Company&#x2019;s assessment
 including
past experience and complex judgments about future events
 the
Company does not expect that changes in the liability for
unrecognized tax benefits during the next twelve months will have a
significant impact on its financial position or results of
operations.






        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
 -Paragraph 136
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 43
 44
 45
 46
 47
 48
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        


        

273
        


        
        
        


        

203
990

759
367



          

        
        


        
        
        


Exercise Price
 lower range limit
        
        


Exercise Price
 upper range limit
        
        


        

835
        


        
        
        


        

835
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Exercise Price
 lower range limit
        
        


Exercise Price
 upper range limit
        
        


        

501
        


        
        
        


        

501
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Exercise Price
 lower range limit
        
        


Exercise Price
 upper range limit
        
        


        

789
        


        
        
        


        

789
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Exercise Price
 lower range limit
        
        


Exercise Price
 upper range limit
        
        


        

101
        


        
        
        


        

101
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Exercise Price
 lower range limit
        
        


Exercise Price
 upper range limit
        
        


        

668
        


        
        
        


        

624
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Exercise Price
 lower range limit
        
        


Exercise Price
 upper range limit
        
        


        

379
        


        
        
        


        

925
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Exercise Price
 lower range limit
        
        


Exercise Price
 upper range limit
        
        


        
        
        


        

976
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Exercise Price
 lower range limit
        
        


Exercise Price
 upper range limit
        
        


        
        
        


        

239
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including vested options.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      






        
        


Stock options Vested and Expected to Vest
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value

000


Stock options Exercisable
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value

816


Stock options Vested and Expected to Vest
 Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Life
        


Stock options Exercisable
 Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Life
        


Beginning balance
 weighted average exercise price
        


Granted
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price
        


Canceled
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price
        


Exercised
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price
        


Ending Balance
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price
        


Stock options Vested and Expected to Vest
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price
        


Stock options Exercisable
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price
        


Beginning balance
 shares

759
367


Granted
 shares

239


Canceled
 shares

606)


Exercised
 shares

010)


Ending balance
 shares

203
990


        

823


        

273




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan or that expired.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including vested options.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the number of shares into which fully vested and expected to vest stock options outstanding can be converted under the option plan.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the weighted-average exercise price for outstanding stock options that are fully vested or expected to vest.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













