

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-15-009097
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		36
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20140331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150213
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150213
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Attitude Drinks Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001416183
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				650109088
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52904
		FILM NUMBER:		15615362
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		712 U.S. HIGHWAY 1
 SUITE #200
		CITY:			NORTH PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33408
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-227-2727
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		712 U.S. HIGHWAY 1
 SUITE #200
		CITY:			NORTH PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33408









     



UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION
Washington
 D.C.&nbsp;&nbsp;20549




15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended March 31
 2014




its charter)



    
    

    
    

    
    


712 U.S. Highway 1
 Suite 200
 North
Palm Beach
 Florida 33408 USA

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(Zip Code)

227-2727



    
    

    
Common Stock
 $.00001par value (Title of class)



issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.


    
    



file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.


    
    


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically &nbsp;and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No


Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-X (&sect;229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant's knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K 


filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated
filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (check
one)



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).


    
    



were $202
994.


stock held by non-affiliates of the issuer on February 2
 2015
 based upon the $.0004 per share close price of such stock on that
date
 was $301
099 based upon 752
746
659 shares held by non-affiliates of the issuer.&nbsp;&nbsp;The total number of issuer's
shares of common stock outstanding held by affiliates and non-affiliates as of January 5
 2015 was 752
777
229 shares.

Transitional
Small Business Disclosure Format (check one): Yes 
No 


    
    






    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

        

    
    
    

    
Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
    and Results of Operations
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





    
    





including statements about our prospects and strategies and our expectations about growth contained in this report
 are &quot;forward-looking
statements&quot; within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended.&nbsp;&nbsp;These forward-looking statements represent our present expectations or beliefs concerning
future events.&nbsp;&nbsp;We caution that such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other
factors which may cause our actual results
 performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 performance
or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include
 among other things
 the uncertainty
as to our future profitability; the accuracy of our performance projections and our ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms
to finance our operations until profitability.







&rdquo;
&ldquo;We
&rdquo; &ldquo;Company&rdquo; or &ldquo;Our&rdquo;) was formed in Delaware on May 10
 1988 under the name International
Sportfest
 Inc. In January 1994
 we acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding common stock of Pride Management Services Plc (&quot;PMS&quot;).
PMS was a holding company of six subsidiaries in the United Kingdom engaged in the leasing of motor vehicles throughout the United
Kingdom. Simultaneously with the acquisition of PMS
 we changed our name to Pride
 Inc. From January 1994 through October 1999
we engaged in the leasing of motor vehicles throughout the United Kingdom. On October 1
 1999
 we acquired all of the issued and
outstanding stock of Mason Hill &amp; Co. and changed our name to Mason Hill Holdings
 Inc. During the quarter ended June 30
 2001
our operating subsidiary
 Mason Hill &amp; Co.
 was liquidated by the Securities Investors Protection Corporation. As a result
we became a shell corporation whose principal business was to locate and consummate a merger with an ongoing business.


 2007
 we acquired Attitude
Drink Company
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (&ldquo;ADCI&rdquo;)
 under an Agreement and Plan of Merger among Mason Hill Holdings
Inc.
 MH 09122007
 Inc. and ADCI.&nbsp;&nbsp;Pursuant to the Merger Agreement
 each share of ADCI common stock was converted into
40 shares of Company common stock
 resulting in the issuance of 4
000
000 shares of our common stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;The acquisition
was accounted for as a reverse merger (recapitalization) with ADCI deemed to be the accounting acquirer
 and Attitude deemed to
be the legal acquirer.&nbsp;&nbsp;Accordingly
 the financial information presented in the financial statements is that of ADCI
as adjusted to give effect to any difference in the par value of the issuer&rsquo;s and the accounting acquirer&rsquo;s stock with
an offset to capital in excess of par value.&nbsp;&nbsp;The basis of the assets
 liabilities and retained earnings of ADCI
 the
accounting acquirer
 has been carried over in the recapitalization.&nbsp;&nbsp;On September 30
 2007
 we changed our name to Attitude
Drinks Incorporated. Our wholly owned subsidiary
 ADCI
 was incorporated in Delaware on June 18
 2007. Our principal executive
offices are located at 712 U.S. Highway 1
 North Palm Beach
 Florida 33408. The telephone number is 561-227-2727.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our
company&rsquo;s common stock shares (PINX: ATTD) began trading in June 2008. &nbsp;Our fiscal year ends on March 31.



 our plan of operation during
the next 12 months is to focus on the non-alcoholic single serving beverage business
 developing and marketing milk based products
in two fast growing segments: sports recovery and functional dairy. We do not directly manufacture our products but instead outsource
the manufacturing process to a third party contract packer



 we were a shell corporation
whose principal business was to locate and consummate a merger with an ongoing business which occurred on September 19
 2007.&nbsp;&nbsp;Once
the merger was completed
 we developed our first product which was a &ldquo;healthful&rdquo; energy drink called VisViva&trade;.
This particular product was formulated as a juice blend with our proprietary IQZOL&trade; energy formula in 12 ounce &ldquo;slim&rdquo;
cans.&nbsp;&nbsp;This additive blend provided a unique energy boost with low calories
 carbohydrates and caffeine levels
 thereby
revolutionizing the energy experience derived from energy drinks.&nbsp;&nbsp;Production began in January 2008 with the first generated
sales in late March 2008. Our initial co-packer for the VisViva &trade; product was Carolina Beer &amp; Beverage LLC in Mooresville
North Carolina. We stopped the production and sale of the VisViva&trade; product during 2010 and will consider reintroducing this
product as a &ldquo;focus drink&rdquo; in late 2014 or 2015. Our second product which is branded as &ldquo;Phase III&reg; Recovery&rdquo;
is a milk-based protein drink which is available in chocolate and vanilla flavors with expectation to produce a banana flavor in
2014. Our co-packer for our dairy based product is O-AT-KA Milk Products Cooperative
 Inc. in Batavia
 New York.&nbsp;&nbsp;As
our company grows and matures
 a disruption or delay in production of any of such products could significantly affect our revenues.


products is imprecise and may be less precise during periods of rapid growth
 particularly in new markets.&nbsp;&nbsp;If we materially
underestimate demand for our products or are unable to secure sufficient ingredients or raw materials
 we might not be able to
satisfy demand on a short-term basis. We completed development on our second product
 &ldquo;Phase III&reg; Recovery&rdquo;
 in
2010 which was introduced to address the growing need for sophisticated
 exercise recovery solutions while offering a natural protein/carbohydrate
ratio optimal for fitness recovery. This product contains 35 grams of protein that are naturally inherent in ultra filtered milk.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
product is packaged as retort processed shelf stable dairy-based 100% milk based sports recovery drink
 currently in both chocolate
and vanilla flavors
 in new state of the art
 eco-friendly convenient re-sealable 14.5 oz aluminum bottles. We began distribution
of this product in early 2010. Storage
 distribution and sale of this product can be done at room temperature while our current
retail presence is predominantly in coolers.


    
    



future will be Blenders&trade; &lsquo;Meal on the Move&rsquo; which will be a lactose free milk based meal replacement in various
flavors.&nbsp;&nbsp;This product is expected to be developed and marketed in 2015
 depending on available capital.



from the United States Patent and Trademark Office that was registered December 28
 2010.


for the dairy platform of functional drinks and protein delivery
 we were approached by the owners of the entire intellectual property
portfolio once developed and commercialized at Bravo Brands
 Inc. On August 8
 2008
 we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement
with RFC BB Holdings
 LLC (seller) with a $507
500 secured convertible promissory note to purchase the right
 title
 trademarks
and interest to this intellectual property portfolio
 notably &ldquo;Slammers&rdquo; and &ldquo;Blenders&rdquo;. As these particular
brands have been marketed and sold in the past
 it is anticipated that these products can be reintroduced into the market much
quicker and less expensive than developing a brand new product.



and are run directly by our subsidiary
 Attitude Drink Company
 Inc.&nbsp;&nbsp;On December 16
 2008
 the Company signed a manufacturing
co-packing agreement with O-AT-KA Milk Products Cooperative
 Inc. for the production of our latest product
 Phase III&reg; Recovery
and future new dairy-based products.&nbsp;&nbsp;The manufacturer shall manufacture
 package and ship such products.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Company pays for all shipping of the products F.O.B.
 the facility
 as title of the products is passed to the receiver once products
are delivered and received on premise.&nbsp;

Industry
Trends

company that was formed to exploit the accelerating shift in beverage consumption patterns of Americans. Consumers are embracing
two distinct trends which have redefined the ever-growing single serve beverage industry. First
 consumers representing all demographics
are purchasing fewer &ldquo;empty-calorie&rdquo;
 sugar sweetened
 carbonated beverages
 a trend that has continued for the last
ten years. Second
 and according to the CSP 2012 Category Management Handbook
 &ldquo;we&rsquo;ll definitely see more and more
functional beverages offering nutrient
 vitamins and probiotics&rdquo;. In our opinion
 consumers are demanding drinks with functionality
delivering either nutritional or experiential impact. During recent years
 our experience has indicated beverage consumers have
demonstrated growing enthusiasm to pay significant premiums for these functional beverages while exhibiting passionate brand loyalty
to the brands.


functional products and pioneered the milk-based platform of this beverage &ldquo;revolution&rdquo; previously at Bravo! Brands
Inc. During that time
 management worked with Coca-Cola Enterprises to launch branded milk beverages nationwide. We enjoy strategic
relationships
 know-how
 creativity and perspective in this space. We believe that the two platforms that we will address
 sports
recovery and functional dairy
 represent the fastest growing
 most innovative and highest priced drinks ever seen in the beverage
industry.



the most recent data that we have analyzed is informative. According to data from Chicago based Mintel
 the sports drink category
grew 30 percent from $5.4 billion to nearly $7 billion between 2008 and 2013. The growth was driven by advertising and new product
lines from brands between 2010 and 2012. Sports drinks face increasing competition from other beverage categories offering consumers
increasingly comparable functionality. Mintel stated that sports drinks carry a positive health perception
 with 39 percent of
sports drink consumers viewing the beverage as a healthy alternative to carbonated soft drinks (&ldquo;CSD&rsquo;s&rdquo;) or juices.
Twenty-four percent of parents also indicated giving their children sports drinks as a replacement for CSD&rsquo;s or juices. Functional
claims are expanding across food and drink categories as brands seek to differentiate themselves from the competition
 and consumers
seek added value for their shopping dollars. Look for many more variations in flavor claims
 packaging and messaging as ways for
brands in this category to grow.


U.S. sports drink market began to slow in 2012 and was essentially flat in 2013. The category has been subject to a confluence
of external pressures with consumers open to exiting the category&mdash; for other hydration-focused packaged beverages which favor
our Phase III&reg; Recovery products. Euromonitor International continued to report that consumers have shied away from high-sugar
high-calorie packaged beverages over the past two years but despite the pressure they are facing from these outside categories
sports drinks still have opportunities to re-engage consumers as there is considerable opportunity for &lsquo;natural&rsquo; alternative
recovery and hydration beverages.


 two brands
are synonymous with the category: Gatorade and Powerade. According to Siselk Purchasek
 New York based PepsiCo Inc.&rsquo;s Gatorade
brand and Atlanta-based The Coca Cola Co
&rsquo;s Powerade brand accounted for 96 percent of the category for the 52 weeks ending
November 3
 2013. For the non-aseptic sports drink segment
 the two accounted for 99 percent in IRI-measured channels ending March
23
 2014. Gatorade makes up 78 percent of that share. Although Gatorade makes up the majority
 Powerade has gained traction over
the years.


    
    



(RTD) beverages that consumers are turning to in order to support their active
 healthy lifestyles. According to Chicago-based
The NPB Group&rsquo;s &ldquo;Protein Perceptions and Needs&rdquo; report
 78 percent of U.S. consumers say that protein is important
for a healthy diet. However
 they are split on what the best sources of protein are
 with half naming non-meat sources and the
other half naming meat. Those non-meat sources included eggs
 yogurt
 nuts and seeds
 but consumers also are finding favor in protein
drinks. Smaller than the sports drinks category
 nutritional drinks
 including meal replacement beverages
 accounted for less than
half of the sales of sports drinks in 2013 at $3.2 billion
 according to Mintel&rsquo;s January report &ldquo;Nutritional and Performance
Drinks &ndash; US.&rdquo; Even smaller than that was protein drinks
 with $2.1 billion in sales in 2013; however
 this is a 51.2
percent increase from 2011 when sales were $1.4 billion the report notes: &ldquo;Protein RTDs within the sports nutrition category
are growing strongly
&rdquo; says Euromonitor&rsquo;s Chris Schmidt
 consumer health analyst. Their push into mainstream retailers
and an increasing focus on lifestyle and functional nutrition branding &ndash; as opposed to hardcore sports recovery &ndash; along
with the glowing praise heaped on protein by the popular media
 is driving growth in both relatively mature and emerging markets.&rdquo;
Schmidt notes that Euromonitor defines protein drinks as beverages that contain 20 or more grams of protein and are positioned
for sports performance and recovery. Schmidt notes that although RTD protein drinks have gained a bigger following n the past few
years
 the segment appeals more to everyday consumers versus hard-core athletes because of the price difference compared with protein
powders.


 we are not able
to purchase the most updated data
 but we consider the following information as very informative about the beverage industries.
The CSP (convenience store/petroleum) recently released their &ldquo;2012 Category Management Handbook.&rdquo; In their release
and according to the Nielsen Co. and Dr. Pepper Snapple Group
 Inc.
 the Sports Drinks category represented 9.2% of the nonalcoholic
beverages sector for the 52 weeks ended January 28
 2012. In addition and according to the Symphony/IRI Group
 the Sports Drinks
category reflected increases in unit sales in 2011 as follows: food &ndash; 9.6%; drug -10.4%; and convenience stores &ndash; 12.9%.
In fact the pace of sports-drink sales increases held steady in 2011
 with dollars up nearly 10% and units up almost 13%. In the
last quarter of the year
 the pace actually accelerated.


 findings from the Sports and Performance
Nutrition 2011 Conference as published by Multi-Sport Research Ltd. on May 26
 2011 indicated the following:


IM 70.3 and ITU (World Cup &amp; World Championship) events grew more than 20% on year in 2009 as this growth came amidst global
recession.


 notably
by ITU in 2010
 presents strong broadcast and revenue opportunities &ndash; particularly leading to 2012 and beyond.


retail rather than &lsquo;big box&rsquo; retail.


standard premium/mainstream/value pricing brands with some &lsquo;super-premium&rsquo; pricing across product sectors.


usage indicated that 16% of athletes and coaches use the products daily
 24% use the products 4+ times a week and 23% use the products
2-3 times a week.


four factors that influence choice of sports nutrition: availability near training facilities; results published in peer review
articles; research evidence and blind tests; and taste and consistency.



our future strategy will be to develop our products in the two fast growing segments: sports recovery and functional milk. We produced
our first product
 VisViva&trade; which is an energy drink; however
 that product has been tabled for now. Phase III&reg; Recovery
is our second product which is a protein sports recovery drink. We expect to develop two to three new products in the next two
to three fiscal years
 depending on available capital.


retailers of milk products are demanding new and more diverse refreshment drinks
 thus our response to consumer interest and demand
with our dairy based product
 &ldquo;Phase III&reg; Recovery&rdquo; that was introduced in early 2010.



The principal areas of competition are pricing
 packaging
 development of new products and flavors and marketing campaigns. Our
products will compete with a wide range of drinks produced by a relatively large number of manufacturers
 any of which have substantially
greater financial
 marketing and distribution resources than we do.


    
    



to compete successfully include taste and flavor of products
 trade and consumer promotions
 rapid and effective development of
new
 unique cutting edge products
 attractive and different packaging
 branded product advertising and pricing. We will also compete
for distributors who will concentrate on marketing our products over those of our competitors
 provide stable and reliable distribution
and secure adequate shelf space in retail outlets. Competitive pressures in the sports beverage market could cause our products
to be unable to gain market share
 or we could experience price erosion
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
and results. According to The Beverage Industry magazine for May 2012
 the domestic sports drink category is now estimated at approximately
$4.1 billion annual sales.


but for maximum marketing efforts by multi-brand licensed bottlers
 brokers and distributors
 many of which have a principal affiliation
with competing companies and brands. Certain large companies such as The Coca-Cola Company and Pepsico Inc. market and/or distribute
products in that market segment such as Muscle Milk&reg; and other protein beverages.



the internet and the enhanced communication systems that it has enabled have dramatically changed the way we live our lives today.
There is vastly improved access to information
 and the public is bombarded with messages that have diminished the value and impact
of traditional media advertising. There have been increases in interest in protein RTD &ldquo;ready to drink&rdquo; beverages.


 strong emphasis
will be placed on public relations initiatives in an effort to capture and maintain consumer awareness. Validation of the advanced
science behind each introduced brand will provide clear and reliable messaging behind each functional line. Carefully developed
and executed focus groups will also be conducted
 designed to raise awareness about the true functionality and lifestyle enhancement
offered with each innovative line.&nbsp;&nbsp;We plan to focus on gorilla and grass roots marketing programs
 investing in sponsorships
and spokespeople in venues of competitive sports activities.&nbsp;&nbsp;This strategy allows promoters to develop brand essence
communicate directly with spectators and participants and promote trial with consumers directly. This marketing approach
 best
executed by the Red Bull energy drink brand
 escapes the filters that consumers use to reduce messaging. When executed properly
as Red Bull has
 this technique defines the brand image while consumers embrace the branding as trend setting entertainment. In
addition
 we intend to continue participating in nationwide events and programs supporting the unique causes.



 distribution and sale in
the United States of many of our products are subject to the Federal Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act; the Dietary Supplement Health
and Education Act of 1994; the Occupational Safety and Health Act; various environmental statutes; and various other federal
 state
and local statutes and regulations applicable to the production
 transportation
 sale
 safety
 advertising
 labeling and ingredients
of such products.


and states that require that a deposit be charged for certain non-refillable beverage containers. The precise requirements imposed
by these measures vary. Other deposit
 recycling or product stewardship proposals have been introduced in certain states and localities
and in Congress
 and we anticipate that similar legislation and regulations may be proposed in the future at the local
 state and
federal levels
 both in the United States and elsewhere.


provisions will have a material adverse effect upon our capital expenditures
 net income or competitive position.



 2014
 we currently have
eight full time employees. Four of these individuals are employed at the corporate office with one sales representative in New
York and
 three sale representatives in Florida.




 the Company spent
approximately $5
205 and $2
425
 respectively
 on research and development activities related to the Phase III&reg; Recovery products.
All costs were borne by the Company.




 2013
 we moved to our current
office at 712 U.S. Highway 1
 Suite 200
 North Palm Beach
 Florida 33408 from our previous address at 10415 Riverside Drive
 Suite
101
 Palm Beach Gardens
 Florida 33410.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;We entered into a three-year lease that began on February 1
 2013 with
two (2) year renewable terms with a termination date of January 31
 2016.&nbsp;The minimum monthly base rent for the first year
is $1
602 plus operating expense of $2
670 for a total monthly amount of $4
272 (excluding certain variable operating expenses
and taxes)
 and the lease provides for annual 3% increases throughout its term. The lease covers 3
333 square feet and includes
our right of first refusal to contiguous space.


    
    





 2009
 F&amp;M Merchant Group
LLC commenced a lawsuit in the state of Texas to recover the balance owed by us under a Sales Agent Agreement entered by the parties
on November 1
 2008.&nbsp;&nbsp;This agreement requires us to pay $5
000 per month and a 5% commission on all net sales. On September
3
 2009
 a final judgment by default was approved by the district court in Denton County
 Texas for a total sum of $22
348. This
claim has been recorded on the Company&rsquo;s records. &nbsp;Due to the lack of adequate capital financing
 we have not been able
to make any payments.&nbsp;&nbsp;We expect to resolve this matter as soon as practical.


 2009
 Tuttle Motor Sports
 Inc.
commenced a lawsuit in the state of Florida to recover the balance owed by us under a Letter of Agreement to sponsor a Top Fuel
Dragster for the 2008 NHRA racing season in the amount of $803
750. Out of this total amount
 only $300
000 is required to be paid
in cash with the remainder to be paid in shares of common stock. This amount had already been recorded in our records.&nbsp; During
May
 2010
 Tuttle Motor Sports
 Inc. dismissed the lawsuit without prejudice. Prior to that time
 the parties went through mediation
but were unable to settle. The likelihood of an unfavorable outcome cannot be evaluated as another lawsuit possibly could be filed
against the Company.


 2009
 CH Fulfillment Services
LLC commenced a lawsuit in the state of Alabama to recover past due amounts owed by us under a contract to provide shipping and
fulfillment services. The claim is for $2
106 plus interest and legal costs. This amount was already recorded on our records as
well as projected interest costs of $682 and estimated court costs of $307 for a total of $3
095. A process of garnishment by the
district court in Mobile County
 Alabama was approved on September 25
 2009 for the total amount of $3
095. On October 26
 2009
the same court authorized a garnishment process to pay $657 which was done as part payment of the total due amount. Current outstanding
balance due is $2
438. No other payments have been made.


 2013
 James N. Fuller
Jr. commenced a lawsuit in the state of Florida to recover past due amounts owed by us for rendered independent sales contracting
services. The claim was for $18
300 plus filing fee of $460. The $18
300 was already recorded on our records. Due to lack of adequate
capital financing
 we have not been able to make any payments. We expect to resolve that matter as soon as practical.


 2013
 Beanpot Broadcasting
Corp. d/b/a WXRV-FM
 commenced a lawsuit in the state of Massachusetts to recover past due amounts owed by us for rendered independent
sales contracting services. The claim was for $15
500 for past due services
 $4
169 in service charges
 $363 for prejudgment interest
and $200 court costs for a total of $20
232. The total $20
232 amount was already recorded on our records. On November 15
 2013
the Trial Court of Massachusetts entered a judgment for the plaintiff (&ldquo;Beanpot&rdquo;) for the total $20
232. Due to the
lack of adequate capital financing
 we have not been able to make any payments. We expect to resolve this matter as soon as practical.


 2013
 we received an order
of the court from The Trial Court of Massachusetts Small Claims Session
 to attend a hearing on December 12 2013 about a small
claims amount of $5
000 from Marshfield Broadcasting Company
 Inc. to recover past due amounts. A total of $5
500 was already recorded
our records. On December 31
 2013
 a judgment in the amount of $5
238 was entered in favor of Marshfield Broadcasting Inc. No payments
have been made as we will resolve this matter as soon as practical.


 2014
 Philip Terrano commenced
a lawsuit in the state of Florida to recover past due amounts owed by us for past compensation in the amount of approximately $17
000.
We disagree with this amount as our records reflect a total amount owed of $6
974. On May 28
 2014
 we entered into a settlement
agreement with Terrano to pay him a total of $11
000
 to be remitted 60 days of the effective date of this agreement. Due to a
lack of capital financing
 we expect to address this matter as soon as we can.


 2014
 North Palm Beach Broadcasting
Company d/b/a/ WSVU-AM Radio filed a lawsuit in the state of Florida to recover past due services owed by us in the amount of $22
000
that is due with interest. We do not agree with that amount as we did make various payments in 2013 that totaled $8
000. We are
working with that party to arrive at a mutual agreeable outstanding amount if any. We do not have any other outstanding balance
that is recorded on our records. On August 6
 2014
 we received a Default Final Judgment from Palm Beach County Circuit Court in
Florida for a total amount of $23
 411. We are still contesting that amount and will resolve the matter as soon as possible.


 2014
 Innerworkings
 Inc. filed
a lawsuit in the state of Florida to recover past due services owed by us in the amount of $5
039 that is due with interest. This
same amount has already been recorded on our records. We expect to address this issue as soon as practical.


 2014
 C.A. Courtesy Demos
Inc. commenced a lawsuit in the state of Florida to recover past due amounts owed by us for rendered services. The claim was for
$5
803. We do not agree with this amount and have not recorded this amount on our records as services were supposed to be rendered
but a hurricane in the northeastern section of the United States occurred at that given time. We expect to resolve this matter
as soon as practical.


    
    




 2014
 Pavilion Law Center
 LLC filed a motion
in the circuit court of Palm Beach County
 Florida to enforce a settlement agreement for past due fees. We are contesting some
of the amounts and will resolve this matter as soon as practical.

TEM 4- Mine Safety Disclosures &ndash;
(None)



ITEM 5 - MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S
COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES



trading on the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board (ticker symbol ATTD.OB) on June 19
 2008. The approximate number of record holders
of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at October 31
 2014 was 6
678.


common stock transactions on the OTC Bulletin Board reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 markdown or commissions
and may not represent actual transactions. Source is NASDAQ.COM:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





entitled to receive
 pro rata
 such dividends and other distributions as and when declared by our board of directors out of
the assets and funds legally available therefore.&nbsp;&nbsp;We have not paid dividends on our common stock and do not
anticipate paying dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future.&nbsp;&nbsp;Management intends to retain
future earnings
 if any
 to finance working capital and to expand our operations.

Securities Authorized for Issuance
under Equity Compensation Plans


Quarter Ended March 31
 2014


 2014
 we issued a promissory
convertible note dated January 1
 2014 in the principal amount of $25
000 as payment of the January
 2014 consulting services provided
by Southridge Partners II
 LP pursuant to the Consulting Agreement entered on July 19
 2012. We received no cash proceeds. The
principal of this note is payable at the option of the holder at any time after the maturity date of May 31
 2015 in shares of
the Company&rsquo;s common stock. The note is not subject to interest and is convertible into shares of common stock in denominations
of ten thousand dollars ($10
000) and integral multiples thereof
 provided that the number of shares to be issued upon conversion
is a minimum of 3
000. The note may be converted into common stock at a conversion price equal to the current market price multiplied
by eighty percent (80%). Current market price means the average of the closing bid prices for the common stock as reported by Bloomberg
LP or
 if not so reported
 as reported on the over-the-counter market
 for the five (5) trading days ending on the trading day
immediately before the relevant conversion date. The holder of this note may not convert this note to the extent such conversion
would result in excess of 9.99% of the then issued and outstanding shares of common stock held by such holder. No conversions have
been made for this note.


    
    



 2014
 we issued a promissory
convertible note dated February 1
 2014 in the principal amount of $25
000 as payment of the February
 2014 consulting services
provided by Southridge Partners II
 LP pursuant to the Consulting Agreement entered on July 19
 2012. We received no cash proceeds.
The principal of this note is payable at the option of the holder at any time after the maturity date of June 30
 2015 in shares
of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. The note is not subject to interest and is convertible into shares of common stock in denominations
of ten thousand dollars ($10
000) and integral multiples thereof
 provided that the number of shares to be issued upon conversion
is a minimum of 3
000. The note may be converted into common stock at a conversion price equal to the current market price multiplied
by eighty percent (80%). Current market price means the average of the closing bid prices for the common stock as reported by Bloomberg
LP or
 if not so reported
 as reported on the over-the-counter market
 for the five (5) trading days ending on the trading day
immediately before the relevant conversion date. The holder of this note may not convert this note to the extent such conversion
would result in excess of 9.99% of the then issued and outstanding shares of common stock held by such holder. No conversions have
been made for this note.


 2014
 we entered into an
allonge number 16 to a secured note held by Alpha Capital Anstalt which was issued February 22
 2012 in the amount of $55
000 less
a finder&rsquo;s fee of $5
000 for net proceeds received in the amount of $50
000.


 2013
 we issued a promissory
convertible note dated March 1
 2014 in the principal amount of $25
000 as payment of the March
 2013 consulting services provided
by Southridge Partners II
 LP pursuant to the Consulting Agreement entered on July 19
 2012. We received no cash proceeds. The
principal of this note is payable at the option of the holder at any time after the maturity date of July 31
 2015 in shares of
the Company&rsquo;s common stock. The note is not subject to interest and is convertible into shares of common stock in denominations
of ten thousand dollars ($10
000) and integral multiples thereof
 provided that the number of shares to be issued upon conversion
is a minimum of 3
000. The note may be converted into common stock at a conversion price equal to the current market price multiplied
by eighty percent (80%). Current market price means the average of the closing bid prices for the common stock as reported by Bloomberg
LP or
 if not so reported
 as reported on the over-the-counter market
 for the five (5) trading days ending on the trading day
immediately before the relevant conversion date. The holder of this note may not convert this note to the extent such conversion
would result in excess of 9.99% of the then issued and outstanding shares of common stock held by such holder. No conversions have
been made for this note.


upon an exemption from registration under Section 4(2) and/or Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended. All of the
investors were accredited investors and/or had preexisting relationships with the Company
 there was no general solicitation or
advertising in connection with the offer or sale of securities and the securities were issued with a restrictive legend.


2014
 the Company did not issue any new shares of common stock
 mainly due to the Company&rsquo;s hold on conversions while the
Company was restating its Form 10-K for March 31
 2013 and its Form 10-Q for June 30
 2013.





ITEM 7 - MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION






months is to focus on the non-alcoholic single serving beverage business
 developing and marketing milk based products in two fast
growing segments: sports recovery and functional dairy. We do not directly manufacture our products but instead outsource the manufacturing
Our efforts were focused in our first full year operations
primarily on developing our first energy drink which is called VisViva&trade; which sales began in late March 2008.&nbsp;We have
since tabled that product.


 while the second highest beverage
consumed in America in terms of overall volume
 is still under-represented in the American single serve ready-to-drink beverage
industry. While known for generations by nutritionists and more recently identified by sports
 hydration
 metabolism and protein
professionals and scientists as &ldquo;mother nature&rsquo;s most perfect food&rdquo;
 milk has yet to be successfully branded
and commercialized.


    
    



in developing our latest dairy based product which is called &ldquo;Phase III&reg; Recovery&rdquo; and is designed for the third
phase of exercise
 the &ldquo;after phase&rdquo; of before
 during and after. This product is the first milk based protein drink
ever to be produced in America and is shelf-stable with a twelve (12) months long shelf life. We started to sell this new product
in February
 2010. Our co-pack partner
 O-AT-KA Milk Products
 is the largest retort milk processor in America
 located in Batavia
New York and has the most advanced retort processor and know-how to produce this product with state-of-the-art milk filtration
systems as well as the packaging of this product in new Ball Container aluminum eco-friendly re-sealable bottles. The primary target
for Phase III Recovery&reg; is active sports minded males and females from ages 15 to 35
 but we will target active sports and
exercise consumers at all levels. Gyms
 sports teams
 body builders and even high-endurance athletes are all beginning to focus
on sports recovery drinks which we consider the &ldquo;next generation&rdquo; sports drink. We anticipate the development of other
dairy based drink products in late 2014 or early 2015
 depending upon available capital.


of three well known experts that have extensive experience in sports nutrition. This board is helpful in communicating the scientific
benefits of our sports recovery drink as well as new functional milk drinks. Their contacts in the world of sports will be very
important in our sales efforts
 especially in the early days.


markets for beverages in the eastern United States. &nbsp;We intend to develop key working partnerships with regional direct store
delivery (DSD) beverage distributors in these markets and will support them
 based on available capital
 with field representatives
to assure sufficient shelf compliance.&nbsp;&nbsp;Regional distributors have lost four major beverage lines in the last couple
of years including Monster Energy (moved to Anheuser Bush)
 Fuze (purchased by Coca-Cola)
 Vitamin Water (purchased by Coca-Cola
and the V-8 brands (now distributed by Coca-Cola).&nbsp;&nbsp;We will develop regionally exclusive DSD agreements that are desperately
needed by the distributors to replace these losses as well as shipping direct to our customers via our own storage system.


grocery
 convenience
 drug and sports and gym specialty.&nbsp;&nbsp;Certain accounts like chained convenience stores
 grocery and
drug stores will require warehouse distribution.&nbsp;&nbsp;The shelf-stable and long shelf life attributes of our products will
accommodate any and all distribution and warehouse systems. To accommodate this business
 we will employ beverage brokers and work
with the &ldquo;tobacco &amp; candy&rdquo; and food service warehouse distributors like McLane Company and Sysco Foods.


the products will vary. Each product delivers different functionality and utilizes different types of packaging and package sizes.&nbsp;&nbsp;Without
exception
 these products will command premium pricing due to the functionality and value-added formulation and will therefore
be priced according to the nearest competitive brands in their respective spaces.&nbsp;&nbsp;The functional milk drinks are also
expected to command approximately the same percentage margin due to the premium pricing commanded by the experiential functionality.&nbsp;&nbsp;Singles
will obtain higher margin than multi-packs.




of financing to develop our business plan
 implement our sales and marketing plan and to meet other operational expense requirements.
Historically
 we have had to rely on convertible debt financings to cover operating costs. Based on the available cash
 we have
no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional funding to sustain our limited operations. If we do not obtain additional
funding
 we may need to cease operations until we do so and
 in that event
 may consider a sale of the rights to our product line(s)
and intangible assets such as our trademarks or a joint venture partner that will provide funding to the enterprise. However
 certain
of our convertible debt obligations totaling $5
991
182 are secured by our assets. Failure to fulfill our obligations under these
notes and related agreements could lead to the loss of these assets
 which would be detrimental to our operations.


upon obtaining additional funding. Past fundings have been subject to defaults by the company&rsquo;s inability to meet due dates
for certain notes payable
 thereby triggering anti-dilution rights which created the need to issue additional shares of common
stock and/or additional warrants to purchase additional shares of common stock in order to extend the applicable due dates for
certain notes payable. There can be no assurance that these defaults will not happen again in the future
 thereby creating the
potential need for additional issuances of shares of common stock and/or warrants
 assuming the holders agree to further extensions.


debt financings
 either or both of a private sale or a registered public offering of our common stock; however
 at this time and
with the current economy
 it seems unlikely that we can obtain an underwriter.


 depending on market
conditions and our plan of operations
 we may incur operating losses in the future based mainly on the fact that we may not be
able to generate enough gross profits from our sales to cover our operating expenses and to increase our sales and marketing efforts.
Our most recently developed &ldquo;Phase III&reg; Recovery&rdquo; drink product was introduced in early 2010 and based on historical
spending
 we anticipate a need of funding in the range of $1
500
000 to $1
900
000 for the next twelve months to meet our business
plan and operating needs only. This figure does not include any new product research and development activities.


financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements
 which have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles that are generally accepted in the United States of America.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our fiscal year end is March
31.


    
    


Increase in Authorized Shares and Reverse
Stock Split


30
 2013 the increase in our authorized shares of common stock from five billion (5
000
000
000) to twenty billion (20
000
000
000).
As such
 we are reflecting the twenty billion number in our financial statements for the year ended March 31
 2014 and March 31
2013.


split on July 1
 2013. This change occurred before the release of our March 31
 2013 audited financial statements. As such
 we
restated all applicable financial data throughout this report for the year ended March 31
 2013 for proper disclosure and comparability
purposes.




in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. The most critical estimates included in our financial statements are the following:




financial instruments that are required to be carried as liabilities at fair value pursuant to the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
for the period ended March 31
 2014
 we use all available information and appropriate techniques including outside consultants
to develop our estimates. However
 actual results could differ from our estimates.




instruments to hedge exposures to cash-flow
 market or foreign-currency risks.&nbsp;&nbsp;However
 we have and will frequently
enter into certain other financial instruments and contracts
 such as debt financing arrangements and freestanding warrants with
features that are either (i) not afforded equity classification
 (ii) embody risks not clearly and closely related to host contracts
or (iii) may be net-cash settled by the counterparty to a financing transaction.&nbsp;&nbsp;As required by the FASB Accounting
Standards Codification
 these instruments are required to be carried as derivative liabilities
 at fair value
 in our financial
statements.&nbsp;&nbsp;However
 in the past
 we were allowed to elect fair value measurement of the hybrid financial instruments
on a case-by-case basis
 rather than bifurcate the derivative for all of our previous convertible notes up to February 21
 2013
when we issued new consolidated exchange convertible notes under different terms and language.&nbsp;&nbsp;We believed that fair
value measurement of the hybrid convertible promissory notes arising from our various financing arrangements provided a more meaningful
presentation of that financial instrument; however
 as just previously mentioned on February 21 2013
 we consolidated all the past
outstanding convertible notes into new consolidated exchange notes that contained different language and eliminated many of the
toxic elements listed in the old convertible notes.


instruments using various techniques (and combinations thereof) that are considered to be consistent with the objective measuring
of fair values.&nbsp;&nbsp;In selecting the appropriate technique(s)
 we consider
 among other factors
 the nature of the instrument
the market risks that such instruments embody and the expected means of settlement.&nbsp;&nbsp;For less complex derivative instruments
such as free-standing warrants
 we generally use the Black-Scholes-Merton option valuation technique
 since it embodies all of
the requisite assumptions (including trading volatility
 estimated terms and risk free rates) necessary to fair value these instruments.&nbsp;&nbsp;For
complex hybrid instruments
 such as convertible promissory notes that include embedded conversion options
 puts and redemption
features embedded in them
 we generally use techniques that embody all of the requisite assumptions (including credit risk
 interest-rate
risk
 dilution&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;and exercise/conversion behaviors) that are necessary to fair value these more complex instruments.&nbsp;&nbsp;For
forward contracts that contingently require net-cash settlement as the principal means of settlement
 we project and discount future
cash flows applying probability-weightage to multiple possible outcomes. After consulting with a new outside valuation firm
 we
found that many companies are using other valuation models
 primarily the lattice model to bifurcate the derivative and record
the derivatives at fair value. We elected to use this new valuation model for the new consolidated notes because that model would
value all convertible notes based on a probability weighted scenario model and future projections of the various potential outcomes
on all assumptions
 observable inputs and inherent valuation of risk
 The embedded derivatives that were analyzed and incorporated
into our model included the conversion feature with the variable market based conversion and the default provisions. This lattice
model analyzed the underlying economic factors that influenced which of these events would occur
 when they were likely to occur
and the specific terms that would be in effect at the time (i.e. interest rates
 stock price
 conversion price
 etc.). Projections
were then made on these underlying factors which led to a set of potential scenarios. Probabilities were assigned to each of these
scenarios based on management projections. This led to a cash flow projection and a probability associated with that cash flow.
A discounted weighted average cash flow over the various scenarios was completed
 and it was compared to the discounted cash flow
of the 2 year 4% instrument without the embedded derivatives
 thus determining a value for the compound embedded derivatives at
the point of issue. These derivative liabilities need to be marked-to-market each reporting period with the change in fair value
to be recorded in the profit/loss statement. Fair value is defined as the amount for which an asset (or liability) could be exchanged
in a current transaction between knowledgeable
 unrelated willing parties when neither party is acting under compulsion.


    
    



instruments requires the development of significant and subjective estimates that may
 and are likely to
 change over the duration
of the instrument with related changes in internal and external market factors.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 option-based techniques
are highly volatile and sensitive to changes in the trading market price of our common stock
 which has a high-historical volatility.&nbsp;




of intangible assets
 and to a much lesser extent
 furniture and equipment.&nbsp;&nbsp;We evaluate the carrying value and recoverability
of our long-lived assets when circumstances warrant such evaluation by applying the provisions of the FASB Accounting Standards
Codification which requires that long-lived assets be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable through the estimated undiscounted cash flows expected to result from
the use and eventual disposition of the assets.&nbsp;&nbsp;Whenever any such impairment exists
 an impairment loss will be recognized
for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value. We did record an expense of $18
722 for the year ended March
31
 2013 for old trademarks that are not currently used.




 the Financial
Accounting Standards Board issued an Accounting Standards Update (&ldquo;ASU&rdquo;) that provides amendments for disclosures about
offsetting assets and liabilities.&nbsp; The amendments require an entity to disclose information about offsetting and related
arrangements to enable users of its financial statements to understand the effect of those arrangements on its financial position.
Entities are required to disclose both gross information and net information about both instruments and transactions eligible for
offset in the statement of financial position and instruments and transactions subject to an agreement similar to a master netting
arrangement. This scope would include derivatives
 sale and repurchase agreements and reverse sale and repurchase agreements
 securities
borrowing and securities lending arrangements.&nbsp; The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or
after January 1
 2013
 and interim periods within those annual periods. Disclosures required by the amendments should be provided
retrospectively for all comparative periods presented. For the Company
 the amendment is effective for fiscal year 2014. The Company&rsquo;s
evaluation determined that there is no restatement impact on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements.


 2012
 the Financial
Accounting Standards Board issued an ASU that contained amendments that affect a wide variety of topics in the Codification and
represent changes to clarify the Codifications
 correct unintended application of guidance or make minor improvements to the Codification
that are not expected to have a significant effect on current accounting practice or create a significant administrative cost to
most entities. These amendments will be effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15
 2012. The effect of adoption
will have a minimum impact on the Company.


 2013
 the Financial
Accounting Standards Board issued an ASU that contained amendments to apply to derivatives accounted for in accordance with Topic
815
 Derivative and Hedging
 including bifurcated embedded derivatives
 repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements
and securities borrowing and securities lending transactions that are either offset or subject to an enforceable master netting
arrangement or similar agreement. These amendments should be applied for fiscal years beginning on or after January 1
 2013 and
interim periods within those annual periods. The Company has implemented such procedures for its convertible notes issued at February
21
 2013 and any other issued convertible notes payable subsequent to that date.


 2013
 the
Financial Accounting Standard Board issued an ASU that contained amendments that provide guidance for the recognition
 measurement
and disclosure of obligations resulting from joint and several liability arrangements for which the total amount of the obligation
is fixed at the reporting date. Examples of obligations within the scope of this ASU include debt arrangements
 other contractual
obligations and settled litigation and judicial rulings. These amendments will be effective for fiscal periods and interim periods
within those years beginning after December 15
 2013. The effect of adoption will have a minimum impact on the Company.


    
    










    


    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
202
994
445
488
(242
494
    

    
    
(2
625
1
750
    

    
(11
535
(37
961
26
426
    

    
(8
002
(15
085
7
083
    

    
182
582
389
817
(207
235
    



States. The decrease in our revenues for the year ended March 31
 2014 as compared to the prior year ended March 31
 2013 is the
result of decreased customer accounts mainly for our Phase III&reg; Recovery products in the Florida Walgreens&rsquo; stores.


channels and represent cash payments made for rights to place our products on customer retail shelves for a stipulated period of
time.&nbsp;&nbsp;A component of our growth plan includes increasing penetration in the large store channel which may be subject
to future slotting fees.&nbsp; We recorded a total of $875 for slotting fees for the year ended March 31
 2014 and $2
625 for slotting
fees for the year ended March 31
 2013.


 we plan to
increase our revenues during the next twelve months by implementing marketing and sales promotion programs to introduce our &ldquo;Phase
III&reg; Recovery&rdquo; drink to new markets in the 2014 calendar year
 increasing our internal sales force
 securing additional
national distributors
 expanding our products offering
 increasing our volume per outlet and implementing new grass roots marketing
and sample programs.



    


    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
137
373
307
907
(170
534
    

    
22
119
38
164
(16
045
    

    
4
999
8
874
(3
875
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
164
639
355
832
(191
193
    



to revenues is not meaningful at this time and is not representative of expected future operations.


ended March 31
 2014 were less than the year ended March 31
 2013 mainly due to the lower sales of the Phase III&reg; Recovery
product.



    


    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 taxes and employee benefit costs
883
306
1
220
287
(336
981
    

    
52
659
205
036
(152
377
    

    
312
500
202
111
110
389
    

    
196
071
247
082
(51
011
    

    
30
632
58
198
(27
566
    

    
5
205
2
425
2
780
    

    
26
997
99
504
(72
507
    

    
257
990
362
861
(104
871
    

    
1
765
360
2
397
504
(632
144
    


Salaries
 taxes and employee benefit
costs

 2014
 total
expenses of $883
306 were lower by $336
981 over last year&rsquo;s comparable figures of $1
220
287 mainly due to fewer employees
and no further corrections for prior years&rsquo; salary lock-out agreements.


    
    




 2014
 we incurred
total marketing and promotion costs of $52
659 as compared to $205
036 for the year ended March 31
 2013 for a decrease of $152
377
or 74.3%. This decrease was due primarily to the decision to spend fewer marketing dollars for the year ended March 31
 2014 due
to limited resources and capital.



500 for the year
ended March 31
 2014 were $110
389 or 54.6% higher than last year&rsquo;s figures mainly due to the use of an outside financial
services consulting firm for a full year ended March 31
 2014 as compared to a partial year for the year ended March 31
 2013.



legal
 accounting and auditing firms. Total costs for the year ended March 31
 2014 of $196
071 were $51
011 lower than the previous
year&rsquo;s comparable costs of $247
082 mainly due to lower legal requirement costs.



ending March 31
 2013 by $27
566 mainly due to decreased travel activities by fewer sales employees and consultants due to limited
capital and promotional spending for new markets.



 2014
 we recorded
stock compensation expense of $26
997 for the issuance of 10
000
000 fully vested non-qualified common stock options as compared
to $99
504 for the issuance of common stock mainly for services rendered by professional athletes to promote our products for the
year ended March 31
 2013.



by $104
871 or 28.9% over the prior year mainly due to decreased investor relations costs and lower office rent expense due to
the move to a new office location. The other main components in this category represent insurance expense and Board of Directors&rsquo;
fees.





changes in the fair value of our derivative financial instruments and
 in rare instances
 day-one losses when the fair value of
embedded and freestanding derivative financial instruments issued or included in financing transactions exceed the proceeds or
other basis.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 the fair value of our financial instruments that are recorded at fair value will change in
future periods based upon changes in our trading market price and changes in other assumptions and market indicators used in the
valuation techniques.&nbsp;&nbsp;Future changes in these underlying internal and external market conditions will have a continuing
effect on derivative income/expense associated with our derivative financial instruments.


on our income (expense) associated with changes in the fair values of our financial instruments that are carried at fair value
from the twelve months ended March 31
 2014 and the twelve months ended March 31
 2013:



    
    
    

    

 2014

 2013

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
(43
918

    
    
(97
317

    
    
(141
235

    
    
    

    
3
426
344
3
105
515

    
(1
890
942
(787
320

    
1
535
402
2
318
195



    
    



change in future periods based upon changes in our trading market price and changes in other assumptions and market indicators
used in the valuation techniques.



debt for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013 for $2
838
522 as these costs represent the changes caused to common stock equivalents
from certain modifications of terms normally associated with extending the due dates of certain debts
 especially for the consolidation
of various previous note financings into one set of notes with same terms and a new extension of the due dates to February 21
2015. There was no loss on extinguishment of debt for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2014 due to no term modifications of existing
debt instruments.



year ended March 31
 2014 for $1
535
402 and interest income for $2
318
195 for the year ended March 31
 2013 in connection with
our debt obligations at interest rates from 10% to 15%.&nbsp;&nbsp;The change of $782
793 over the prior fiscal year was attributed
to the recording of debt instruments at fair value (debt discount expense) due to the changes in the stock price. We recorded the
amortization of debt discounts for $1
492
964 and $513
301for the years ended March 31
 2014 and March 31
 2013
 respectively.



March 31
 2014 of $212
015 and a net loss of $3
025
279 for the year ended March 31
 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;The majority of the expenses
for the year ended March 31
 2014 related to salary related costs
 consulting fees
 professional and legal fees and recognition
of interest income reflecting the changes in the fair value of the convertible debts. Most of the costs incurred in the prior year
ended March 31
 2013 related to salary related costs
 marketing and promotion costs for promotion of our Phase III&reg; Recovery
drink
 consulting fees
 professional and legal fees and recognition of interest income reflecting changes in the fair value of
the convertible debts.

Loss per Common Share Applicable to
Common Stockholders

per common share applicable to common stockholders for the period ended March 31
 2014 was $(0.00)
 and the basic and diluted loss
per common share for the period ended March 31
 2013 was $(0.56). Because the Company experienced a net loss for the period ended
March 31
 2014
 all potential common share conversions existing in our financial instruments would have an anti-dilutive impact
on earnings per share; therefore
 diluted loss per common share equals basic loss per common share for this period.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
weighted average common shares outstanding for the period ended March 31
 2014 and 2013 were 102
827
957 and 5
374
096
 respectively
for the basic and diluted loss calculation.




of operations
 we have yet to achieve any substantial revenues or profitability
 and our ability to continue as a going concern
will be dependent upon receiving additional third party financings to fund our business at least throughout the next twelve months
in our new fiscal year.&nbsp;&nbsp;Ultimately
 our ability to continue is dependent upon the achievement of profitable operations.&nbsp;
We anticipate that
 depending on market conditions and our plan of operations
 we may incur operating losses in the future based
mainly on the fact that we may not be able to generate enough gross profits from our sales to cover our operating expenses and
to increase our sales and marketing efforts. &nbsp;There is no assurance that further funding will be available at acceptable terms
if at all
 or that we will be able to achieve profitability or receive adequate funding for new product research and development
activities.&nbsp;&nbsp;These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
accompanying financial statements do not reflect any adjustments that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Working Capital Needs and Major Cash
Expenditures


needs of approximately $125
000 to $160
000.&nbsp;&nbsp;This amount is
 however
 expected to increase in the next fiscal year
primarily due to the following factors:

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Increased
employees and related travel costs
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Required interest payments on our convertible promissory notes payable
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Increased
product development costs for new products
 packaging and marketing materials

External Sources of Liquidity-External
Debt Financing and Use of Common Stock for the last two years:




 2012
 we entered into two promissory
notes
 one for $100
000 with Alpha Capital Anstalt with receipt of payment on June 27
 2012 and the other one for $40
000 with
Whalehaven Capital Fund
 Ltd with receipt of payment on July 9
 2012. These notes are subject to an interest rate of ten percent
(10%) and are due the sooner of (i) October 14
 2012 or (ii) from the proceeds of the next funding. As these notes are still outstanding
the interest rate is now 18%. The Company plans to transfer these amounts into long-term convertible notes.


    
    



 2012
 we entered into a promissory
note of $110
000 with Centaurian Fund LP with receipt of payment on June 28
 2012. We agreed to pay a finder&rsquo;s fee of $10
000
as we received the net payment of $100
000 on June 28
 2012. The note is subject to an interest rate of ten percent (10%) and is
due the sooner of (i) October 14
 2012 or (ii) from the proceeds of the next funding. As this note is still outstanding
 the interest
rate is now 18%. The Company plans to transfer this amount into a long-term convertible note.


 2012
 we executed a $75
000
allonge #1 with Alpha Capital Anstalt to a secured convertible note for $175
000 dated February 22
 2012 in which we received the
full $75
000 amount on the same date. The total outstanding amount including the allonge is $250
000.


 2012
 we executed a $150
000
allonge #2 with Alpha Capital Anstalt to a secured convertible note for $175
000 dated February 22
 2012 in which we received $135
000
as $15
000 was paid as a finder&rsquo;s fee. The total outstanding amount including all allonges is $400
000.


 2012
 we executed a $135
000
allonge #3 with Alpha Capital Anstalt to a secured convertible note for $175
000 dated February 22
 2012 in which we received $125
000
as $10
000 was paid as a finder&rsquo;s fee. The total outstanding amount including all allonges is $535
000.


 2012
 we executed a $165
000
allonge #4 with Alpha Capital Anstalt to a secured convertible note for $175
000 dated February 22
 2012 in which we received $150
000
as $15
000 was paid as a finder&rsquo;s fee. The total outstanding amount including all allonges is $700
000.


 2012
 we executed a $165
000
allonge #5 with Alpha Capital Anstalt to a secured convertible note for $175
000 dated February 22
 2012 in which we received $150
000
as $15
000 was paid as a finder&rsquo;s fee. The total outstanding amount including all allonges is $865
000.


 2013
 we executed a $220
000
allonge #6 with Alpha Capital Anstalt to a secured convertible note for $175
000 dated February 22
 2012 in which we received $200
000
as $20
000 was paid as a finder&rsquo;s fee. The total outstanding amount including all allonges is $1
085
000.


 2013
 we executed a $40
000
allonge #7 with Alpha Capital Anstalt to a secured convertible note for $175
000 dated February 22
 2012 in which we received $35
000
as $5
000 was paid as a finder&rsquo;s fee. The total outstanding amount including all allonges is $1
125
000.


 2013
 we executed a $71
500
allonge #8 with Alpha Capital Anstalt to a secured convertible note for $175
000 dated February 22
 2012 in which we received $65
000
as $6
500 was paid as a finder&rsquo;s fee. The total outstanding amount including all allonges is $1
196
500.


 2013
 we executed an $88
000
allonge #9 with Alpha Capital Anstalt to a secured convertible note for $175
000 dated February 22
 2012 in which we received $80
000
as $8
000 was paid as a finder&rsquo;s fee. The total outstanding amount including all allonges is $1
284
500.


 2013
 we entered into a promissory
note with conversion rights with outside legal counsel (Jeffrey Stein) for past due services in the amount of $37
000. This note
is not subject to any interest rate and is payable on June 7
 2014. The note maybe converted into shares of common stock after
a six month holding period at a conversion price to equal the current market price multiplied by eighty percent (80%). Current
market price means the average of the closing bid prices for the common stock for the five (5) trading days ending on the trading
day immediately before the relevant conversion date. No conversions have been made on this convertible note payable.


 2013
 we executed an $88
000
allonge #10 with Alpha Capital Anstalt to a secured convertible note for $175
000 dated February 22
 2012 in which we received
$80
000 as $8
000 was paid as a finder&rsquo;s fee. The total outstanding amount including all allonges is $1
372
500.


 2013
 we executed an $82
500
allonge #11 with Alpha Capital Anstalt to a secured convertible note for $175
000 dated February 22
 2012 in which we received
$75
000 as $7
500 was paid as a finder&rsquo;s fee. The total outstanding amount including all allonges is $1
455
000.


 2013
 we executed an $110
000
allonge #12 with Alpha Capital Anstalt to a secured convertible note for $175
000 dated February 22
 2012 in which we received
$100
000 as $10
000 was paid as a finder&rsquo;s fee. The total outstanding amount including all allonges is $1
565
000.


    
    



 2013
 we executed an $110
000
allonge #13 with Alpha Capital Anstalt to a secured convertible note for $175
000 dated February 22
 2012 in which we received
$100
000 as $10
000 was paid as a finder&rsquo;s fee. The total outstanding amount including all allonges is $1
675
000.


 2013
 we executed a $55
000
allonge #14 with Alpha Capital Anstalt to a secured convertible note for $175
000 dated February 22
 2012 in which we received
$50
000 as $5
000 was paid as a finder&rsquo;s fee. The total outstanding amount including all allonges is $1
730
000.


 2013
 we executed a $55
000
allonge #15 with Alpha Capital Anstalt to a secured convertible note for $175
000 dated February 22
 2012 in which we received
$50
000 as $5
000 was paid as a finder&rsquo;s fee. The total outstanding amount is $1
785
000.


 2013 through December
24
 2013
 we entered into four non-convertible promissory notes with the following accredited investors: Centaurian Fund - $12
500;
Alpha Capital - $15
005; Tarpon Bay Partners - $5
000; and Whalehaven Capital - $13
000. These amounts are due December 31
 2014
and are not subject to any interest rates. These notes are exchangeable for equal aggregate amounts of notes of different authorized
denominations
 as requested by the holders surrendering the same. No service charge will be made for such registration or transfer
or exchange.


 2014
 we executed a $55
000
allonge #16 with Alpha Capital Anstalt to a secured convertible note for $175
000 dated February 22
 2012 in which we received
$50
000 as $5
000 was paid as a finder&rsquo;s fee. The total outstanding amount including all allonges is $1
840
000.


 2014
 we entered into three
non-convertible promissory notes with the following accredited investors: Centaurian Fund - $15
000; Southridge Partners II LP
- $20
000; and Whalehaven Capital - $15
000. These amounts are due February 28
 2015 and are not subject to any interest rates.
These notes are exchangeable for equal aggregate amounts of notes of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the holders
surrendering the same. No service charge will be made for such registration or transfer or exchange.


new financings were used for working capital purposes.


reliance upon an exemption from registration under Section 4(2) and/or Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.
All of the investors were accredited investors and/or had preexisting relationships with the Company
 there was no general solicitation
or advertising in connection with the offer or sale of securities and the securities were issued with a restrictive legend.

Commitments for Common Stock for the
last two years (not reflective for the 1 for 500 reverse stock split):


of convertible notes payable are not listed.


 2012
 we issued 363
056 shares
of common stock for a cashless exercise of 1
000
000 warrants.


 2012
 we issued 4
950
000
shares of common stock to outside professional athletes as part of an endorsement athletic contract.





    
    

    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(732
940
(1
223
677

    
    
    

    
(4
365
(11
028

    
    
    

    
750
505
1
110
000



    
    



 2014
 we reported
a net loss of $212
015 which was affected by recording the fair value adjustment of the convertible notes for $3
359
968
 offset
by the amortization of debt discount for $990
842 as well as changes in accounts payable and accrued expenses for $1
426
981. Cash
flows generated from our operating activities were inadequate to cover our cash disbursement needs as we had to rely on new convertible
debt financings and bridge loans to cover operating costs. Cash used by investing activities were attributed mainly to the purchase
of a company vehicle. Cash provided by financing activities increased due to the proceeds from the issuance of additional convertible
debt financings and short-term bridge loans payable for gross proceeds of $810
505.


 2013
 we reported
a net loss of $3
025
279 which was caused by recording the fair value adjustment of the convertible notes for $3
105
515 offset
by derivative expense of $141
235
 loss on debt extinguishment for $2
838
522
 recording of $99
504 for compensatory stock and
changes in accounts payable and accrued expenses for $752
947. Cash flows generated from our operating activities were inadequate
to cover our cash disbursement needs as we had to rely on new convertible debt financings and bridge loans to cover operating costs.
Cash used by investing activities were attributed mainly to the purchase of a company vehicle. Cash provided by financing activities
increased due to the proceeds from the issuance of additional convertible debt financings and short-term bridge loans payable for
proceeds of $1
200
000.


Loans for the Year Ended March 31
 2014:


 2014
 two short-term
bridge notes for a total of $115
000 were past due. One of these notes is held by one of our Board of Directors and will extend
the due date once we locate the other debt holder.


    
    



details of all convertible notes and short-term bridge loans including applicable interest and default rates for the period ended
March 31
 2014:




    
    

    
    

FOR THE TWELVE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31
 2014
    





    
5
020
944

    
121
327

    
350
000

    
5
492
271




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

25
000

 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    

25
000

 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    

6
207
271

 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    

25
000

 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    

25
000

 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    

25
000

 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    

25
000

 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    

25
000

 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    

37
000

 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    

25
000

 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    

25
000

 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    

25
000

 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    

25
000

 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    

25
000

 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    

25
000

 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    

25
000

 2014
    
    
    
    
    
    

25
000

 2014
    
    
    
    
    
    

25
000

 2014
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

6
644
271
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

60
000

 2008
    
    
60
000
    
    
    
    
    
43
857

55
000

 2008
    
    
55
000
    
    
    
    
    
56
848

115
000
    
    
115
000
    
    
    
    
    
100
705



Notes indicated in default are in default because they
are past due. One of the debt holders is a Board Director and will extend the maturity date as soon as we can locate the other





Investing in our securities involves
a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risk factors discussed below
 together with all the other information
contained or incorporated by reference in this report and in our filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
or the Exchange Act
 before deciding whether to purchase any of our securities. Each of the risk factors could adversely affect
our business
 operating results and financial condition
 as well as adversely affect the value of an investment in our securities
and the occurrence of any of these risks might cause you to lose all or part of your investment.


    
    




We have a history of operating losses.
If we continue to incur operating losses
 we eventually may have insufficient working capital to maintain or expand operations
according to our business plan.


 2014
 we had a total shareholders&rsquo;
deficit of $12
335
519 and a working capital deficit of $12
266
740
 compared to a total shareholders&rsquo; deficit of $12
855
297
and a working capital deficit of $12
264
236 at March 31
 2013. Cash and cash equivalents were $20
615 as of March 31
 2014 as
compared to $7
415 at March 31
 2013. The main contributing factor to the working capital deficit was primarily attributable to
the changes in the fair value calculations for the valuation of our convertible notes payable as well as changes in the derivative
liabilities.




any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern.


 we will have
to fund all of our operations and capital expenditures from the net proceeds of equity or debt offerings we may have and cash on
hand.&nbsp;&nbsp;Although we plan to pursue additional financing
 there can be no assurance that we will be able to secure financing
when needed or obtain such financing on terms satisfactory to us
 if at all
 or that any additional funding we do obtain will be
sufficient to meet our needs in the long term. Obtaining additional financing may be more difficult because of the uncertainty
regarding our ability to continue as a going concern.&nbsp;&nbsp;If we are unable to secure additional financing in the future
on acceptable terms
 or at all
 we may be unable to complete planned development of certain products.


 we have generated no material
product revenues. Our operating losses have negatively impacted our liquidity
 and we are continuing our efforts to develop new
products
 while focusing on increasing net sales. However
 changes may occur that would consume our existing capital at a faster
rate than projected
 including
 among others
 the progress of our research and development efforts and hiring of additional key
employees. If we continue to suffer losses from operations
 our working capital may be insufficient to support our ability to expand
our business operations as rapidly as we would deem necessary at any time
 unless we are able to obtain additional financing. There
can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such financing on acceptable terms
 or at all. If adequate funds are not available
or are not available on acceptable terms
 we may not be able to pursue our business objectives and would be required to reduce
our level of operations
 including reducing infrastructure
 promotions
 personnel and other operating expenses. These events could
adversely affect our business
 results of operations and financial condition. If adequate funds are not available or if they are
not available on acceptable terms
 our ability to fund the growth of our operations
 take advantage of opportunities
 develop products
or services or otherwise respond to competitive pressures
 could be curtailed or significantly limited. Any additional sources
of financing will likely involve the sale of our equity securities
 which will have a dilutive effect on our stockholders. If we
are unable to achieve profitability
 the market value of our common stock will decline
 and there would be a material adverse effect
on our financial condition.

At March 31
 2014
 we were in default
on certain of our short-term bridge notes.


 2014
 we were in default on
short term bridge notes totaling $115
000 in principal. One of the two note holders is on our Board of Directors and will extend
the due date once we locate the other note holder which we have been doing for some time. The remedy for default under the notes
is acceleration of principal and interest due thereunder. Further
 we have secured convertible notes outstanding totaling $5
991
182
in principal face value at March 31
 2014. Although we have been able to extend the maturity dates of the consolidated convertible
notes payable to February 21
 2015
 there is no assurance that we will be able to continue to extend these obligations. Penalties
for default under our convertible notes include but are not limited to acceleration of principal and interest and default interest
rates up to 20%. As of March 31
 2014
 we are not in default in our convertible notes payable as most of them have a maturity date
of February 21
 2015.


adversely affect our business operating results and financial condition to such extent that we may be forced to restructure
 file
for bankruptcy
 sell assets or cease operation. Further
 certain of these obligations are secured by our assets. Failure to fulfill
our obligations under these notes and related agreements could lead to the loss of these assets
 which would be detrimental to
our operations.

We may not be able to develop successful new beverage
products which are important to our growth.


increase our sales through the development of new beverage products. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to develop
market and distribute future beverage products that will have market acceptance. The failure to continue to develop new beverage
products that gain market acceptance could have an adverse impact on our growth and materially adversely affect our financial condition.
Further
 we may have higher obsolescent product expense if new products fail to perform as expected due to the need to write off
excess inventory of the new products.


    
    



in various ways by the introduction of new products
 even if they are successful
 including the following:


sales of new products could adversely impact sales of






we may incur higher cost of goods sold and selling
 general
and administrative expenses in the periods when we introduce new products due to increased costs associated with the introduction
and marketing of new products






when we introduce new platforms and bottle sizes
 we






industries are highly competitive. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial
 marketing
 personnel and other
resources than we do. Competitors in these industries include bottlers and distributors of nationally advertised and marketed products
as well as chain store and private label drinks. The principal methods of competition include brand recognition
 price and price
promotion
 retail space management
 service to the retail trade
 new product introductions
 packaging changes
 distribution methods
and advertising. We also compete for distributors
 shelf space and customers primarily with other premium beverage companies. As
additional competitors enter the field
 our market share may fail to increase or may decrease.

The growth of our revenues is dependent on acceptance
of our products by mainstream consumers.


our products to the mainstream consumer. As such
 we will need to increase our sales force and execute agreements with distributors
who
 in turn
 distribute to mainstream consumers at grocery stores
 club stores and other retailers. If our products are not accepted
by the mainstream consumer
 our business could suffer.

Our failure to accurately estimate demand for our products
could adversely affect our business and financial results.


our products. Our ability to estimate demand for our products is imprecise
 particularly with new products
 and may be less precise
during periods of rapid growth
 particularly in new markets. If we materially underestimate demand for our products or are unable
to secure sufficient ingredients or raw materials including
 but not limited to
 containers
 labels
 flavors or packing arrangements
we might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis. Moreover
 industry-wide shortages of certain ingredients have been
and could
 from time to time in the future
 be experienced
 which could interfere with and/or delay production of certain of our
products and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. We do not use hedging agreements or alternative
instruments to manage this risk.

The loss of our third-party distributors could impair
our operations and substantially reduce our financial results.


of our products by entering into distribution arrangements with regional bottlers or other direct store delivery distributors having
established sales
 marketing and distribution organizations. Many distributors are affiliated with and manufacture and/or distribute
other beverage products. In many cases
 such products compete directly with our products.


are important for our success. If our brands prove to be less attractive to our existing distributors and/or if we fail to attract
additional distributors and/or our distributors do not market and promote our products above the products of our competitors
 our
business
 financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Inability to secure co-packers for
our products could impair our operations and substantially reduce our financial results.


 called co-packers
in our industry
 to produce our products.&nbsp; We currently have only one co-packing agreement for our products and at this time
have only one milk-based product commercially available (Phase III&reg; Recovery). Our co-packing agreement with our principal
co-packer was signed on December 16
 2008 and had an initial term of three (3) years which has now expired. This agreement shall
automatically renew for consecutive one (1) year periods (next renewal date of December 16
 2014) unless either party provides
notice of cancellation at least one hundred twenty (120) calendar days prior to the end of the initial term or subsequent extension
period. Our dependence on one co-packer puts us at substantial risk in our operations. If we lose this relationship and/or require
new co-packing relationships for other products
 we may be unable to establish such relationships on favorable terms
 if at all.
Further
 co-packing arrangements with potential new companies may be on a short term basis
 and such co-packers may discontinue
their relationship with us on short notice.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our dependence on co-packing arrangements exposes us to various risks
 including:


if any of those co-packers were to terminate our co-packing
arrangement or have difficulties in producing beverages for us
 our ability to produce our beverages would be adversely affected




    
    



our business reputation would be adversely affected if



We compete in an industry that is
brand-conscious so brand name recognition and acceptance of our products are critical to our success.


upon awareness and market acceptance of our products and brands by our targeted consumers. In addition
 our business depends on
acceptance by our independent distributors of our brands as beverage brands that have the potential to provide incremental sales
growth rather than reduce distributors&rsquo; existing beverage sales. We believe that the success of our product name brands will
also be substantially dependent upon acceptance of our product name brands. Accordingly
 any failure of our brands to maintain
or increase acceptance or market penetration would likely have a material adverse affect on our revenues and financial results.

We compete in an industry characterized
by rapid changes in consumer preferences and public perception so our ability to continue to market our existing products and develop
new products to satisfy our consumers&rsquo; changing preferences will determine our long-term success.


their beverages. Our future success will depend
 in part
 upon our continued ability to develop and introduce different and innovative
beverages. In order to retain and expand our market share
 we must continue to develop and introduce different and innovative beverages
and be competitive in the areas of quality and health
 although there can be no assurance of our ability to do so. There is no
assurance that consumers will continue to purchase our products in the future. Additionally
 many of our products are considered
premium products and to maintain market share during recessionary periods
 we may have to reduce profit margins
 which would adversely
affect our results of operations. Product lifecycles for some beverage brands and/or products and/or packages may be limited to
a few years before consumers&rsquo; preferences change. The beverages we currently market are in their early lifecycles
 and there
can be no assurance that such beverages will become or remain profitable for us. The beverage industry is subject to changing consumer
preferences
 and shifts in consumer preferences may adversely affect us if we misjudge such preferences. We may be unable to achieve
volume growth through product and packaging initiatives. We also may be unable to penetrate new markets. If our revenues decline
our business
 financial condition and results of operations will be materially and adversely affected.

Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly
because of the seasonality of our business.


 there
may be seasonality issues that could cause our financial performance to fluctuate. In addition
 beverage sales can be adversely
affected by sustained periods of bad weather.

Our business is subject to many regulations
 and noncompliance
is costly.


 marketing and sale of our
unique beverages
 including contents
 labels
 caps and containers
 are subject to the rules and regulations of various federal
provincial
 state and local health agencies. If a regulatory authority finds that a current or future product or production run
is not in compliance with any of these regulations
 we may be fined
 or production may be stopped
 thus adversely affecting our
financial conditions and operations. Similarly
 any adverse publicity associated with any noncompliance may damage our reputation
and our ability to successfully market our products. Furthermore
 the rules and regulations are subject to change from time to
time and while we closely monitor developments in this area
 we have no way of anticipating whether changes in these rules and
regulations will impact our business adversely. Additional or revised regulatory requirements
 whether labeling
 environmental
tax or otherwise
 could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

We face risks associated with product liability claims
and product recalls.


have experienced product liability litigation and product recalls arising primarily from defectively manufactured products or packaging.
Our co-packer maintains product liability insurance insuring our operations from any claims associated with product liability.
This insurance may or may not be sufficient to protect us. We do not maintain product recall insurance. In the event we were to
experience additional product liability or product recall claim
 our business operations and financial condition could be materially
and adversely affected.


    
    


Our intellectual property rights are critical to our success;
the loss of such rights could materially
 adversely affect our business.


trade dress and trade secrets as critical to our future success. We have registered our trademarks in the United States that are
very important to our business. We also own the copyright in and to portions of the content on the packaging of our products. We
regard our trademarks
 copyrights and similar intellectual property as critical to our success and attempt to protect such property
with registered and common law trademarks and copyrights
 restrictions on disclosure and other actions to prevent infringement.
Product packages
 mechanical designs and artwork are important to our success
 and we would take action to protect against imitation
of our packaging and trade dress and to protect our trademarks and copyrights
 as necessary. We also rely on a combination of laws
and contractual restrictions
 such as confidentiality agreements
 to establish and protect our proprietary rights
 trade dress
and trade secrets. However
 laws and contractual restrictions may not be sufficient to protect the exclusivity of our intellectual
property rights
 trade dress or trade secrets. Furthermore
 enforcing our rights to our intellectual property could involve the
expenditure of significant management and financial resources. There can be no assurance that other third parties will not infringe
or misappropriate our trademarks and similar proprietary rights. If we lose some or all of our intellectual property rights
 our
business may be materially and adversely affected.

If we are not able to retain the
full time services of our management team
 including Roy G. Warren
 it will be more difficult for us to manage our operations and
our operating performance could suffer.


 to a large extent
upon the services of our management team
 including Roy G. Warren
 our founder and Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the
Board. We depend on our management team
 but especially on Mr. Warren&rsquo;s creativity and leadership in running or supervising
virtually all aspects of our day-to-day operations. We do not have a written employment agreement with any member of our management
team or Mr. Warren. In addition
 we do not maintain key person life insurance on any of our management team or Mr. Warren. Therefore
in the event of the loss or unavailability of any member of the management team to us
 there can be no assurance that we would
be able to locate in a timely manner or employ qualified personnel to replace him. The loss of the services of any member of our
management team or our failure to attract and retain other key personnel over time would jeopardize our ability to execute our
business plan and could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition.

We need to manage our growth and
implement and maintain procedures and controls during a time of rapid expansion in our business.


 such
expansion would place a significant strain on our management
 operational and financial resources.&nbsp;&nbsp;Such expansion would
also require improvements in our operational
 accounting and information systems
 procedures and controls.&nbsp;&nbsp;If we fail
to manage this anticipated expansion properly
 it could divert our limited management
 cash
 personnel
 and other resources from
other responsibilities and could adversely affect our financial performance.

Our business may be negatively impacted
by a slowing economy or by unfavorable economic conditions or developments in the United States and/or in other countries in which
we may operate.


United States or unfavorable economic conditions or other developments may result in decreased consumer demand
 business disruption
supply constraints
 foreign currency devaluation
 inflation or deflation. A slowdown in the economy or unstable economic conditions
in the United States or in the countries in which we operate could have an adverse impact on our business results or financial
condition. Currently we do not have any international operations.



There has been a very limited public
trading market for our securities
 and the market for our securities may continue to be limited and be sporadic and highly volatile.


for our common stock. Our common stock has been listed for trading on the OTC Pink. We cannot assure you that an active market
for our shares will be established or maintained in the future. Holders of our common stock may
 therefore
 have difficulty selling
their shares
 should they decide to do so. In addition
 there can be no assurances that such markets will continue or that any
shares
 which may be purchased
 may be sold without incurring a loss. Any such market price of our shares may not necessarily bear
any relationship to our book value
 assets
 past operating results
 financial condition or any other established criteria of value
and may not be indicative of the market price for the shares in the future.


the market price of our common stock may be volatile
 which could cause the value of our common stock to decline. Securities markets
experience significant price and volume fluctuations. This market volatility
 as well as general economic conditions
 could cause
the market price of our common stock to fluctuate substantially. Many factors that are beyond our control may significantly affect
the market price of our shares. These factors include:&nbsp;








changes in our revenues and earnings or other variations






any shortfall in revenue or increase in losses from levels










    
    



operating performance of companies comparable to us;










stockholders may have to sell their shares at prices substantially lower than the price they paid for it or might otherwise receive
than if a broad public market existed.

Future financings could adversely
affect common stock ownership interest and rights in comparison with those of other security holders.


issue additional shares of common or preferred stock without stockholder approval. If additional funds are raised through the issuance
of equity or convertible debt securities
 the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders will be reduced
 and these newly
issued securities may have rights
 preferences or privileges senior to those of existing stockholders. In addition
 as of March
31
 2014
 we had issued and outstanding options and warrants that may be exercised into 10
058
376 shares of common stock
 9
000
000
shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and 51 shares of Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock that may be converted into
54
000
306 shares of common stock
 outstanding principal convertible notes totaling $5
991
182 and accrued interest payable of
$1
254
729 which together may be converted into 5
661
645
817shares of common stock (subject to 4.99-9.99% beneficial ownership
limitations) at a maximum conversion cap rate of $.02 per share. The Series A and A-1 Preferred Stock vote with the common stock
on an as converted basis. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding Series A and Series A-1 Preferred
Stock
 the conversion rate and the voting rights of the Series A and A-1 will not adjust as a result of any reverse stock split.
Further
 the authorized but unissued Series A will not adjust as a result of any reverse split. As a result
 in the event of a
reverse split of our common stock
 the voting power would be concentrated with the Series A holder.


 if we issue any additional common
stock or securities convertible into common stock
 such issuance will reduce the proportionate ownership and voting power of each
other stockholder. In addition
 such stock issuances might result in a reduction of the book value of our common stock.

A substantial number of our shares are available for sale
in the public market
 and sales of those shares could adversely affect our stock price and our ability to obtain financing.


of common stock into the public market
 or the perception that such sales could occur
 could substantially reduce our stock price
in the public market for our common stock and could impair our ability to obtain capital through a subsequent financing of our
securities. We have 181
714
134 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 31
 2014 of which 181
683
564 shares are held by
non-affiliates. Further
 the Company has outstanding convertible notes in the face value of $5
991
182 which may be converted into
4
677
544
706 shares of common stock. Generally
 the holders of the securities convertible or exercisable into our common stock
may be able to sell the common stock issued upon conversion or exercise after a six month holding period under Rule 144 adopted
under the Securities Act of 1933 (as amended
 the &ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo;). As such
 you should expect a significant number
of such shares of common stock to be sold. Depending upon market liquidity at the time our common stock is resold by the holders
thereof
 such re-sales could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. In addition
 the sale of a substantial number
of shares of our common stock
 an anticipation of such sales
 could make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related
securities in the future at a time and at a price that we might otherwise wish to effect sales. On June 14
 2013
 the Company approved
a reverse stock split of 1-500 shares of common stock that became effective for trading on July 1
 2013.




material effect on our net sales and results of operations.




the years ended March 31
 2014 and 2013 are contained on Pages F-1 to F-35 which follows.

ITEM 9 - CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE




    
    




Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures


 as
defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
 are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms
and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


 under the
supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 of
the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of March 31
 2014. Based upon such evaluation
the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that
 as of the end of such period
 the Company&rsquo;s
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as required under Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act.

Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting


and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management
including our chief executive officer
 we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
using framework similar to criteria referenced in the initial steps of the Internal Control&mdash;Integrated Framework issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;). Based on this evaluation
 management
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of the year ended March 31
 2014.


(as defined in the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board&rsquo;s Auditing Standard No.&nbsp;2)
 or a combination of significant
deficiencies
 that results in reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements
will not be prevented or detected&nbsp;on a timely basis. In its assessment of the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal
controls over financial reporting
 management determined that there were control deficiencies as of the year ended March 31
 2014
that constituted material weaknesses
 as described below.


noted that there may be an insufficient quantity of dedicated resources and experienced personnel involved in reviewing and designing
internal controls. As a result
 a material misstatement of the interim and annual financial statements could occur and not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis.


have an audit committee or an independent audit committee financial expert. While not being legally obligated to have an audit
committee or independent audit committee financial expert
 it is the management&rsquo;s view that to have an audit committee
 comprised
of independent board members and an independent audit committee financial expert
 is an important entity-level control over the
Company's financial statements. Currently
 the Board does not have sufficient independent directors to form such an audit committee.
Also
 the Board of Directors does not have an independent director with sufficient financial expertise to serve as an independent
financial expert.


the complex nature of recording derivatives and similar financial instruments
 we noted a need for increased coordination and review
of techniques and assumptions used in recording derivatives to ensure accounting in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles.


attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s
report is not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide
only management&rsquo;s report in this annual report.

Remediation Efforts to Address Deficiencies
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting


conducted of the effectiveness of our internal control over financing reporting as set forth above
 management intends to take
practical
 cost-effective steps in implementing internal controls
 including the following remedial measures:


and potentially hiring outside consultants that are experts in designing internal controls over financial reporting based on criteria
established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by COSO.


has hired an outside consultant to assist with controls over the review and application of derivatives to ensure accounting in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.


    
    



review and make recommendations to shareholders concerning the composition of the Board of Directors
 with particular focus on
issues of independence. The Board of Directors to consider nominating an audit committee and audit committee financial expert
which may or may not consist of independent members as funds allow.


 the Company
has not hired any outside experts to design additional internal controls over financial reporting or recommended a new board director
that is a financial expert.


 no matter how well conceived
and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further
the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be
considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide
absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within the Company have been detected. Because of the
inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system
 misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting


control over financial reporting occurred during the quarter ended March 31
 2014
 that materially affected
 or is reasonably likely
to materially affect
 the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.







ITEM 10 &ndash; DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT


of March 31
 2014 are as follows. Our directors serve until their successors are elected and qualified.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Chairman
 Chief Executive Officer and President
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


but rejoined the Company in April 2010.&nbsp;


directors
 executive officers and significant employees follow:

 &ndash; Chairman
Chief Executive Officer and President since September
 2007


Board
 Chief Executive Officer and President.&nbsp;&nbsp;As Chief Executive Officer
 Mr. Warren provides overall company leadership
and strategy.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr. Warren also serves as a director of our wholly owned subsidiary
 Attitude Drink Company
 Inc.&nbsp;&nbsp;For
15 years from 1981 through 1996
 Mr. Warren was in the securities brokerage industry.&nbsp;&nbsp;During those years
 Mr. Warren
acted as executive officer
 principal
 securities broker and partner with brokerage firms in Florida
 most notably Kemper Financial
Companies
 Alex Brown &amp; Sons and Laffer Warren &amp; Company.&nbsp;&nbsp;From 1999 to 2007
 Mr. Warren was Chief Executive
Officer of Bravo! Brands
 Inc. in Florida
 a public company which was a beverage brand-development company
 similar to Attitude
Drinks Incorporated. This experience in the beverage industry as well as with a public company led to the conclusion that he should
serve as a director of the Company.

 &ndash; Director
since 2007


currently is the sole proprietor of a chain of automobile car washes in Martin County
 Florida.&nbsp;&nbsp;Prior to this
 he served
as Chief Revenue Officer for Bravo! Brands
 Inc. for over five years in which he led the sales team force for introduction and
sales of the company&rsquo;s various developed beverage brands and products. This expertise in the development and sales of beverage
products led to the conclusion that he should serve as a director of the Company. &nbsp;Prior to that time
 he worked for 5 years
in beverage marketing research for Message Factors
 Inc.
 a Memphis
 Tennessee marketing research firm.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr. Edwards
has a BS degree from Florida State University in Management and Marketing and spent 13 years in the banking industry
 leaving CitiBank
to join Message Factors in 1995.


    
    


&ndash; Director
since 2007


is a principal and majority shareholder of Buckman
 Buckman and Reid
 a licensed broker-dealer co-founded by Mr. Buckman in 1988.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr.
Buckman also joined the Board of Center for Vocational Rehabilitation (CVR) in 1994 and was a member for ten years.&nbsp;&nbsp;Presently
Mr. Buckman is President of the Board of Directors for Asian Youth Ministries in New Jersey. His many years of broker-dealer experience
which provide valuable direction in the Company&rsquo;s interactions in the securities market as well as his management and director
experience
 supports his role as director of the Company.

 &ndash;Chief Financial
Officer since 2007


2007 as Chief Financial Officer.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr. Kee was previously the Chief Accounting Officer of Bravo! Brands
 Inc.&nbsp;&nbsp;He
graduated with an MBA from the University of Memphis and a BS degree in accounting from the University of Tennessee.&nbsp;&nbsp;Before
joining us
 he served for several years as CFO for Allied Interstate
 Inc. in the West Palm Beach area.&nbsp;&nbsp;Prior to that
Mr. Kee served as CFO and Treasurer for Hearx Ltd. a West Palm Beach
 Florida public company.&nbsp;&nbsp;He also served 18 years
as International Controller and Financial Director with the Holiday Inns Inc. organization in Memphis and Orlando.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr.
Kee gave his letter of resignation as CFO
 effective July 10
 2009 but rejoined the Company in April
 2010.

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 


Forms 3
 4 and 5 and any amendments to such forms filed pursuant to Section 16(a) during the most recent fiscal year
 there are
no late filings.




 2009
 the Board of Directors
approved and ratified a Code of Ethics that is applicable to all directors
 officers and employees.&nbsp;&nbsp;A copy of the Code
of Ethics was attached an Exhibit 14 in the Form 10-K/A-2 that was filed for the fiscal year that ended March 31
 2009.&nbsp;The
.&nbsp;&nbsp;Furthermore
 a copy of
the code is available to any person free of charge upon request by writing to our company at 712 U.S. Highway 1
 Suite 200
 North
Palm Beach
 Florida 33408.




directors
 we do not have a separately designated audit committee
 nominating committee
 compensation committee or a person designated
as an audit committee member financial expert.&nbsp;&nbsp;We do not have a separately designated audit committee or an audit committee
member financial expert because the cost of identifying
 interviewing
 appointing
 educating
 and compensating such persons would
outweigh the benefits to our stockholders at the present time.&nbsp;&nbsp;If we are successful in our efforts to secure additional
capital
 the resources may be available to appoint additional directors
 have a separately designated audit committee
 nominating
committee
 compensation committee and a person designated as an audit committee member financial expert. All directors participate
in nominations of directors
 and there is no formal nomination charter or policy in regard to recommendation of directors by shareholders
due to the Company&rsquo;s size and operations.


    
    







earned during the last two fiscal years by our executive officers as well as any unpaid compensation for the applicable years with
the company.&nbsp;&nbsp;Please note that the company did not have sufficient capital to make regular compensation payments to these
officers
 and unpaid amounts have been accrued and reflected as expense:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Consulting
    $
Bonus
    $
Awards
    $
Awards
    $
    
Earnings
    $
Comp.
    $
Total
    $

    
    
    
220
373
    
    
1
350
    
    
13
459
235
182

    
    
    
215
662
    
    
    
    
    
15
668
231
330

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
173
644
    
    
4
877
    
    
6
760
185
281

    
    
    
99
851
    
    
    
    
    
11
745
111
596



 2014
Roy Warren
 CEO
 earned a salary of $208
373 plus annual director&rsquo;s fees of $12
000 for a total of $220
373. His base salary
is now accrued at the same $208
373 amount
 although there is no assurance the Company will have sufficient capital to pay this
amount. Of the total $220
373 amount
 a total amount of $71
079 was not paid.


 2013
 Roy
Warren
 CEO
 received 51 shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock for past due services as the value of the stock is less than $1.00
(51 preferred shares converted at 6 common shares per preferred share = 306 shares of common stock x market price of $.0003 = $0.09).


 2013
Roy Warren
 CEO
 earned an income of $165
113. The $215
662 amount reflects his just mentioned earned income plus additional compensation
of $38
549 and unpaid annual director&rsquo;s fees of $12
000. His base salary was accrued at $180
000
 although there is no assurance
the Company will have sufficient capital to pay this amount.


 2014
Tommy Kee
 CFO
 earned an annual base salary of $173
644 which is the same amount that is used for his accrual. There is no assurance
the Company will have sufficient capital to pay this amount. Of the total earned amount of $173
644
 a total amount of $125
289
was not paid.


 2013
Tommy Kee
 CFO
 earned an annual base salary of $99
851. His 2013 base salary was accrued at $120
000
 although there is no assurance
the Company will have sufficient capital to pay this amount. The $99
851 amount reflects his salary in which $65
208 was not paid.



grant date fair value that was computed in accordance with FASB Topic 718 for the grant of non-qualified stock options to Roy Warren
CEO and Tommy Kee
 CFO. These options were granted in September
 2013 and have an exercise price of $.004 and vest immediately
with an expiration life of five (5) years. The stock options were valued at $.0027 per stock option for Roy Warren (500
000 stock
options at $.0027 = $1
350) and the same value of $.0027 per stock option for Tommy Kee (1
806
426 stock options at $.0027 = $4
877).


has an employment or a consulting agreement. The Company intends to pay accrued but unpaid amounts either by conversions of certain
past due amounts in the Company&rsquo;s common stock and/or cash once the Company&rsquo;s fundings and financial position will
allow such payments. Since the Company was not able to consistently make salary payments to these two named executives
 the Company
had to treat some of these payments as consulting fees.


company paid medical insurance for the above named executives.


    
    


Outstanding Equity Awards at March 31
2014



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Shares
 Units
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Roy Warren
 CEO (a) (c)
500
000
500
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Tommy Kee
 CFO (b)
1
817
739
1
817
739
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
2
317
739
2
317
739
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



000 stock options were granted
during September
 2013.

11
313 stock options during December
 2011 and 1
806
426 stock options during September
 2013.

Series A-1 Preferred Stock during the year ended March 31
 2013.

granted 500
000 non-qualified stock options at an exercise price of $.004 with an expiration date of September 16
 2018.

 Tommy Kee was granted
11
313 non-qualified stock options at an exercise price of $10.00 with an expiration date of December 31
 2016 and 1
806
426 non-qualified
stock options at an exercise price of $.004 with an expiration date of September 16
 2018.




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
12
000
1
350
    
    
    
    
13
350

    
    
12
000
    
    
    
    
    
12
000

    
    
12
000
1
350
    
    
    
    
13
350

    
    
12
000
    
    
    
    
    
12
000



 CEO
 is the Chairman of
the Board of Directors. His director compensation is reported in the Summary Compensation Table.


$1
000 per month for their role as directors; however
 no cash payments have been made for the year ended March 31
 2014. Roy G.
Warren is the only non-independent director. The Company intends to pay these past due amounts either by issuing shares of the
Company&rsquo;s common stock and/or cash once the Company&rsquo;s financial position will allow such payments. Total past due director
fees are $66
000 for H. John Buckman and $62
792 for Mike Edwards.


    
    



a Director
 he also is an investor and debt holder of the Company whereas the Company issued him a note payable at face value of
$55
000. He also received 22 shares of restricted stock that related to his note payable
 2 shares were issued to him in 2009 for
his Director services
 and he received 300 shares of restricted stock in November 2009 for his efforts in a financing during that
month (total of 324 restricted shares). In September
 2013
 he received 500
000 non-qualified stock options at an exercise price
of $.004 with immediate vesting. The stock options have a life of five (5) years. We recorded the value of these stock options
at $1
350 (500
000 options x $.0027 = $1
350).

In September
 2013
 Mike Edwards
received 500
000 non-qualified stock options at an exercise price of $.004 with immediate vesting. The stock options have a life
of five (5) years. We recorded the value of these stock options at $1
350 (500
000 options x $.0027 = $1
350).

ITEM 12 - SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT


ownership of our company&rsquo;s common stock as of March 31
 2014 as to:


each
person known to beneficially own more than 5% of our issued and outstanding common stock


each
of our directors


each
executive officer


all
directors and officers as a group



 the named beneficial
owners have direct ownership of the stock and have sole voting and

shown





    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
315
189
428
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    

 Lichetenstein
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
61
328
988
    

    

 Suite 206
    
    

    

 Connecticut 06877
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
54
530
548
    

    

 Suite 200
    
    

    

 Florida 33408
    
    





Ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or
investment power with respect to securities.


&#9;Percentage calculated from base of 181
714
134 shares of common stock outstanding at March 31
 2014 plus shares subject
to convertible debt
 convertible accrued interest
 or preferred stock currently exercisable or convertible within 60 days of
March 31
 2014 that are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of the person holding such convertible instrument but
are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person.


contractually limited to a beneficial ownership of our equity not to exceed 9.99%. Equity listed consists of common stock
 convertible
notes and convertible accrued interest.


listed consists of common stock
 preferred stock and stock options to purchase common stock. Due to the Company&rsquo;s stockholders&rsquo;
deficit
 conversion of the preferred stock cannot be converted at this time.


    
    






    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
54
530
548
    

    

 Suite 200
    
    

    

 Florida 33408
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
1
817
741
    

    

 Suite 200
    
    

    

 Florida 33408
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
&nbsp;500
324
    

    

 Suite 200
    
    

    

 Florida 33408
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
&nbsp;500
002
    

    

 Suite 200
    
    

    

 Florida 33408
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
57
348
615
    



Beneficial Ownership is determined in accordance with
the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities.
Shares of common stock subject to options currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of&nbsp;March 31
 2014 are deemed
outstanding for computing the percentage of the person holding such option or warrant but are not deemed outstanding for computing




Percentage calculated from base of 181
714
134 shares
of common stock outstanding at March 31
 2014 plus shares subject to options or preferred stock currently exercisable or convertible
within 60 days of March 31
 2014 that are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of the person holding such option but




The total amount relates to 30
242 shares of common stock
500
000 non-qualified stock options and 54
000
306 shares of common stock from the potential conversion of 9
000
000 Series A




Represents 1
817
739 non-qualified stock options and




Includes 324 shares of common stock and 500
000 non-qualified




Represents 2 shares of common stock and 500
000 non-qualified







ITEM 13 - CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND
RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE


000
($50
000 in October 2007 and $50
000 in February 2008) to Roy Warren
 the Company&rsquo;s CEO
 an accredited investor with whom
the Company entered into subscription agreements for 10% convertible notes. Roy Warren assigned the $100
000 notes to another party.
During the quarter ended September 30
 2009
 9
000
000 shares of Series A Preferred
 convertible into 54
000
000 shares of common
stock at the option of the holder
 were granted to Roy Warren for services rendered. We recorded a non-cash expense for $1
620
000
which is based on the then market price of $0.03 per common share times the convertible stock equivalents (9
000
000 preferred
shares x 6 = 54
000
000 common stock equivalents). These shares vote with the common stock at a rate of 6 votes per share (54
000
000
total votes). During the quarter ended March
 31
 2013
 51 shares of Series A-1 Preferred
 convertible into 306 shares of common
stock at the option of the holder
 were granted to Roy Warren for services rendered. We recorded a non-cash expense for $0.09 which
is based on the then market price of $0.0003 per common share times the convertible stock equivalents (51 preferred shares x 6
= 306 common stock equivalents).


    
    



the company and is a debt holder of the company of a note payable at the face value of $55
000.&nbsp;&nbsp;He also received 22
shares of restricted stock that related to this note payable
 3 shares of restricted stock for being a Director and 300 shares
of restricted stock for his services related to a November 2009 financing (total of 325 shares of restricted stock). He also received
500
000 non-qualified stock options at an exercise price of $.004 with full vestment as the life of the stock options is five (5)
years.




directors as defined by Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act under NASDAQ rules. Roy G. Warren is not independent as he is an officer
of the Company.

ITEM 14 - PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES
AND SERVICES




ended March 31
 2014 for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the review of financial statements included
in our Form 10-Q&rsquo;s were approximately $36
000.. We have accrued expected audit fees for the year ended March 31
 2014 in
the amount of $40
000.&nbsp;&nbsp;Total audit fees for the previous year ended March 31
 2013 were approximately $56
000.
















and therefore the board considers and has approval authority over all engagements of the independent auditors. All of the engagements
resulting in the fees disclosed above for fiscal 2013-2014 were approved by the Chairman of the Board prior to the engagement.


    
    





(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Form
10-K:




Item 8 of this Form 10-K:









by reference and are filed as part of this Form 10-K





    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Agreement and Plan of Merger dated September 14
2007
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form of Note dated January 8
 2008 - Exhibit A in Exhibit (10)(8)-(b)
    
    
    
    

    
    
Subscription Agreement for Securities dated October 23
 2007
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Escrow Agreement dated October 23
 2007 - Exhibit C in Exhibit (10)((1)-(a)
    
    
    
    

    
    
Security Agreement dated October 23
 2007-Exhibit D in Exhibit (10)(1))-(a)
    
    
    
    

    
    
Subsidiary Guaranty dated October 23
 2007-Exhibit E in Exhibit (10)(1)-(a)
    
    
    
    

    
    
Collateral Agent Agreement dated October 23
 2007-Exhibit F in Exhibit (10)(1)-(a)
    
    
    
    

    
    
Office Lease Agreement dated December 15
 2007
    
    
    
    

    
    
Subscription Agreement for Securities dated January 8
 2008
    
    
    
    

    
    
Funds Escrow Agreement dated January 8
 2008 - Exhibit B in Exhibit (10)(8)-(b)
    
    
    
    

    
    
Waiver and Consent January 8
 2008
    
    
    
    




    
    





    
    
Notice of Waiver of Certain Conditions effective February 15
 2008
    
    
    
    

    
    
Notice of Waiver effective February 15
 2008
    
    
    
    

    
    
Notice of Waiver of Conditions effective April 8
 2008
    
    
    
    

    
    
Modification and Waiver Agreement dated June 30
 2008
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Sublicense Agreement
 Termination Agreement
 Promissory Note with Nutraceutical Discoveries
 Inc. - August
 2008 and February
 2010
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form of Modification Waiver and Consent Agreement
 September 2008
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Manufacturing Agreement dated December 16
 2008 with O-AT-KA Milk Products Cooperative
 Inc.
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form of Note and Warrant and Modification
 Waiver and Consent Agreement December 2008
    
    
    
    

    
    
Subscription Agreement
 Form of Note and Warrant
 Funds Escrow Agreement
 Form of Legal Opinion and Second Modification Waiver and Consent Agreement 
 January 2009 (d)
    
    
    
    

    
    
Amendment
 Waiver and Consent Agreement Form of Allonge No. 1 to January 09 Notes
 Form of Warrant February 2009
    
    
    
    

    
    
Subscription Agreement
 Funds Escrow Agreement
 Form of Note and Warrant and Legal Opinion
 March 2009
    
    
    
    

    
    
Third Modification
 Waiver and Consent Agreement
 Form of Allonge No. 1 to March 09 Notes
 Form of Warrant July 2009
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form of Note
 November 2009
    
    
    
    

    
    
Modification and Amendment Letters
 Form of Warrant January 2010
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Warrant and Allonge to March 2009 Note dated May 13
 2010
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory Note
 dated June 17
 2010
    
    
    
    

    
    
Warrants to extend short-term bridge loan June 30
 2010
    
    
    
    

    
    
Subscription Agreement dated July 15
 2010 ((Exhibits A-B (Form of Note and Warrant) filed with Form 8-K dated July 21
 2010
 Exhibit C (Escrow Agreement) filed as Exhibit 10.38 to Form 10-Q as amended for quarter ended September 30
 2010 filed June 1
 2011))
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form of Convertible Promissory Note dated July 15
 2010
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form of Class A Warrant dated July 15
 2010
    
    
    
    

    
    
First Amendment and Consent Agreement dated July 15
 2010
    
    
    
    

    
    
Escrow Agreement dated July 15
 2010
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory Note dated December 21
 2010
    
    
    
    

    
    
Placement Agent Agreement dated December 21
 2010 for January 2011 Financing
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form of Bridge Loan Extension Letter and Form of Warrant dated January 11
 2011
    
    
    
    

    
    
Subscription Agreement dated January 21
 2011 to include cap table
 all exhibits (forms of note and warrant
 escrow agreement
 forms of legal opinions and lockup agreements) and other schedules
    
    
    
    

    
    
Second Amendment and Consent Agreement dated January 21
 2011
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form of Note with previous Landlord dated January 26
 2011
    
    
    
    




    
    





    
    
Subscription Agreement dated February 1
 2011 to include cap table
 all exhibits (forms of note and warrant)
 escrow agreement
 forms of legal opinion and lockup agreements) and other schedules
    
    
    
    

    
    
Placement Agent Agreement dated March 8
 2011
    
    
    
    

    
    
Subscription Agreement dated March 17
 2011 to include cap table
 all exhibits (forms of note and warrant)
 escrow agreement
 forms of legal opinion and lockup agreements) and other schedules
    
    
    
    

    
    
Third Amendment and Consent Agreement dated March 17
 2011
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form of Promissory Note dated June 3
 2011
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form of Promissory Note dated June 30
 2011
    
    
    
    

    
    
Placement Agent Agreement dated June 22
 2011
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form of Debt Exchange Agreement dated June 30
 2011
    
    
    
    

    
    
Subscription Agreement dated July 15
 2011 to include cap table
 all exhibits (forms of note and warrant
 escrow agreement
 forms of legal opinion) and other schedules
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form of Promissory Note dated October 7
 2011 (Alpha)
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form of Promissory Note dated October 7
 2011 (Centaurian)
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form of Promissory Note with conversion rights November 3
 2011
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form of Promissory Note dated December 1
 2011 (Centaurian)
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form of Promissory Note dated December 1
 2011 (Alpha)
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form of Note dated December 28
 2011 (Alpha)
    
    
    
    

    
    
Cause Marketing Endorsement Partnership Agreement dated October 13
 2011
    
    
    
    

    
    
Commission Agreement dated June 29
 2011
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form of Approval of Grant of Stock Options at December 21
 2011
    
    
    
    

    
    
Subscription Agreement dated February 22
 2012 to include cap table
 all exhibits (forms of note and warrant
 escrow agreement
 forms of legal Opinion) and other schedules
    
    
    
    

    
    
Fifth Amendment and Consent Agreement dated February 22
 2012
    
    
    
    

    
    
Placement Agent Agreement dated February 6
 2012
    
    
    
    

    
    
Extension Agreement and Form of Note dated March 31
 2012
    
    
    
    

    
    
Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation May 1
 2012
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory Notes June
 2012
    
    
    
    

    
    
First Amendment to Lease Agreement May 31
 2012
    
    
    
    

    
    
Equity Financing and Debt Retirement Agreement dated July 19
 2012
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form of Assignment and Escrow Agreement dated August 15
 2012
    
    
    
    

    
    
Allonge No. 1 to Secured Note Issued March
 2009
    
    
    
    

    
    
Copy of Form of Note Referenced as Exhibit A in the above Form of Assignment and Escrow Agreement dated August 15
 2012 ((see exhibit (10)(72))
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form of Convertible Promissory Note for $125
000 dated August 31
 2012
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form of Registration Rights Agreement dated August 31
 2012
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form of Convertible Promissory Note for $75
000 dated September 26
 2012
    
    
    
    

    
    
Extension Agreement Dated September 30
 2012
    
    
    
    

    
    
Securities Transfer Agreement dated October 12
 2012
    
    
    
    

    
    
Allonge No. 2 dated October 18
 2012 to Secured Note Issued March
 2009
    
    
    
    

    
    
Assignment and Escrow Agreement dated October 26
 2012
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory Note November 1
 2012
    
    
    
    

    
    
Allonge No. 3 dated November 9
 2012 to Secured Note Issued March
 2009
    
    
    
    

    
    
Assignment and Escrow Agreement dated November 28
 2012
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory Note December 1
 2012
    
    
    
    




    
    





    
    
Assignment and Escrow Agreement dated December 13
 2012
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory Note January 1
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Assignment and Escrow Agreement dated January 8
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to the Certificate of Designation of the Relative Rights and Preferences of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock January 9
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders to Approve Increase in Authorized Shares for Common Stock to Twenty Billion Shares and to Decrease Par Value of Common Stock and Preferred Stock from $.001 to $.00001 plus Ratification of the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan-January 29
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation January 30
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory Note February 1
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form of New Office Lease Agreement
 Commencing February 1
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Allonge No. 4 dated December 6
 2012 to Secured Note Issued March
 2009
    
    
    
    

    
    
Allonge No. 5 dated December 13
 2012 to Secured Note Issued March
 2009
    
    
    
    

    
    
Allonge No. 6 dated January 14
 2013 to Secured Note Issued March
 2009
    
    
    
    

    
    
Allonge No. 7 dated February 15
 2013 to Secured Note Issued March
 2009
    
    
    
    

    
    
Allonge No. 8 dated April 11
 2013 to Secured Note Issued February 22
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form of Exchange Agreement (Surrendered Notes) February 21
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form of Exchange Agreement (Surrendered Warrants) February 21
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form of Consolidated Note at February 21
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Convertible Note for Services Provided at February 21
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory Note March 1
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory Note April 1
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Assignment and Escrow Agreement April 9
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders on April 30
 2013 that Approved the Amendment of the Company's Certificate of Incorporation to Effect a Reverse Stock Split of a ratio of One-For-500 Subject to Regulatory Approval (to be effective July 1
 2013)
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory Note May 1
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory Note June 1
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Allonge No. 9 dated June 5
 2013 to Secured Note Issued February 22
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Assignment and Escrow Agreement June 5
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory Note June 7
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Allonge No. 10 dated June 21
 2013 to Secured Note Issued February 22
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory Note July 1
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Debt amendments for extension of maturity dates to December 31
 2014
    
    
    
    

    
    
Allonge No. 11 dated July 23
 2013 to Secured Note Issued February 22
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory Note August 1
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Allonge No. 12 dated August 8
 2013 to Secured Note Issued February 22
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory Note September 1
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form of Approval of Grant of Stock Options at September 13
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Allonge No. 13 dated September 18
 2013 to Secured Note Issued February 22
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory Note October 1
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Allonge No. 14 dated October 28
 2013 to Secured Note Issued February 22
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory Note November 1
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Allonge No. 15 dated November 15
 2013 to Secured Note Issued February 22
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory Note December 1
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form of Promissory Notes between December 23 and 24
 2013
    
    
    
    




    
    





    
    
Promissory
    Note January 1
 2014
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory
    Note February 1
 2014
    
    
    
    

    
    
Allonge
    No. 16 dated February 11
 2014 to Secured Note Issued February 22
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory
    Note March 1
 2014
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Promissory Note March 24
 2014
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory
    Note April 1
 2014
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory
    Note April 30
 2014
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory
    Note May 1
 2014
    
    
    
    

    
    
Allonge
    No. 17 dated May 2
 2014 to Secured Note Issued February 22
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Convertible
    Note dated May 13
 2014 issued to LG Capital Funding LLC
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory
    Note June 1
 2014
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Promissory Note dated June 11
 2014 - four investors
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory
    Note July 1
 2014
    
    
    
    

    
    
Allonge
    No. 18 dated July 11
 2014 to Secured Note Issued February 22
 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory
    Note July 31
 2014
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory
    Note August 1
 2014
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory
    Note August 21
 2014
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory
    Note August 29
 2014
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory
    Note September 1
 2014
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory
    Note September 17. 2014
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Promissory Note September 30. 2014 - two investors
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory
    Note October 1
 2014
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory
    Note November 1
 2014
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory
    Note November 19
 2014
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory
    Note December 1
 2014
    
    
    
    

    
    
Class
    A Common Stock Purchase Warrant-Attitude Drinks Incorporated
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Convertible Note
    
    
    
    

    
    
Non-Circumvention-No-Shop
    Agreement
    
    
    
    

    
    
Confidentiality
    Non-solicitation and Noncompetition Agreement
    
    
    
    

    
    
West
    Hartford WOB
 LLC Amended &amp; Restated Operating Agreement
    
    
    
    

    
    
Joint
    Venture Agreement
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Secured Convertible Note-Attitude Beer Holding Co.
    
    
    
    

    
    
Escrow
    Agreement
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Class A Common Stock Purchase Warrant-Attitude Beer Holding Co.
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Security Agreement
    
    
    
    

    
    
Securities
    Purchase Agreement
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory
    Note January 1
 2015
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form of Convertible Note January 14
 2015
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form of Convertible Note&nbsp;&nbsp;and Class A Purchase Warrant dated January 23
 2015
    
    
    
    

    
    
Promissory Note dated February 1
 2015
    
    
    
    

    
    
Code
    of Ethics
    
    
    
    




    
    





    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14 (a)
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
    
    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14 (a)
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
    
    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
    
    
    
    




previously filed with the Commission on December 13



previously filed with the Commission on August 14
 2009 as an exhibit to Form 10-K (SEC




previously filed with the Commission on April 11
 2008



previously filed with the Commission on February 14



previously filed with the Commission on November 19



previously filed with the Commission on March 5
 2009



previously filed with the Commission on November 23



previously filed with the Commission on August 14
 2009



previously filed with the Commission on May 25
 2010



previously filed with the Commission on July 14
 2010



previously filed with the Commission on July 7
 2010



previously filed with the Commission on July 21
 2010



previously filed with the Commission on April 21
 2011



previously filed with the Commission on May 9
 2011 as



previously filed with the Commission on May 10
 2011



previously filed with the Commission on June 1
 2011



previously filed with the Commission on July 6
 2011



previously filed with the Commission on July 14
 2011



previously filed with the Commission on July 20
 2011



previously filed with the Commission on August 22
 2011



previously filed with the Commission on November 21



previously filed with the Commission on February 21



previously filed with the Commission on February 24



previously filed with the Commission on April 5
 2012



previously filed with the Commission on July 13
 2012



previously filed with the Commission on August 28
 2012



previously filed with the Commission on November 19



previously filed with the Commission on January 10
 2013



previously filed with the Commission on January 28
 2013



previously filed with the Commission on January 30
 2013



previously filed with the Commission on February 19



previously filed with the Commission on May 14
 2013



previously filed with the Commission on July 1
 2013



previously filed with the Commission on July 15
 2013



previously filed with the Commission on August 19
 2013



previously filed with the Commission on March 19
 2014



previously filed with the Commission on April 15
 2014



previously filed with the Commission on December 31




    
    



This exhibit is referenced in the October 23
 2007 Subscription



This exhibit is referenced in the January 8
 2008 Subscription



This exhibit is referenced n the September 29
 2008 Subscription



Schedule 9(s) for Lockup Agreement Providers
 referenced
in the exhibit index to the Subscription Agreement
 was not included in this Subscription Agreement because this schedule was
not assembled or produced although Exhibit E
 Form of Lock Up Agreement






required or are not applicable
 or the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements or notes described
in Item 15(a)(1) above.




Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly
authorized.





    
    

    
    
    

Date: February 13
 2015
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated
 &nbsp;



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
s/
        Tommy E. Kee
        
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
s/
        Mike Edwards
        
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



    
    








    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    
    


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM


Attitude Drinks Incorporated


sheet of Attitude Drinks Incorporated as of March 31
 2014 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 changes in stockholders&rsquo;
deficit and cash flows for the year then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.


the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.
The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.
Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test
basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe
that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the financial statements
referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Attitude Drinks Incorporated at March 31
2014
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.


been prepared assuming that Attitude Drinks Incorporated will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 2
 the
Company had an accumulated deficit at March 31
 2014
 a net loss and net cash used in operating activities for the fiscal year
then ended. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. Management&rsquo;s
plans in regards to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect
the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities
that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

/s/
John Scrudato CPA


 New Jersey
January 5
 2015


    
    


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM




 Florida


of Attitude Drinks Incorporated and subsidiary (the Company) as of March 31
 2013
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
stockholders&rsquo; deficit and cash flows for the year ended March 31
 2013. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based
on our audit.


Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have
nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of
internal controls over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal controls over financial reporting.
Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our
opinion.


 the consolidated financial statements referred
to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Attitude Drinks Incorporated and subsidiary as of
March 31
 2013
 and the results of their operations and cash flows for the year ended March 31
 2013
 in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As shown in the financial statements and discussed in Note
2 of the accompanying financial statements
 the Company has incurred significant recurring losses from operations since inception
and is dependent on outside sources of financing for continuation of its operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about
the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern.



 Florida

 2014


    
    








    

2014

 2013

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
20
615
7
415


007 at March 31
 2013
1
422
27
092


107 at March 31
 2014
30
090
101
721

    
2
873
25
110

    
55
000
161
338

    
    
    


 NET
25
491
28
858

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net
4
834
4
786

    
    
5
896

    
5
730
10
682

    
    
    

    
86
221
200
878

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
667
615
1
632
378

    
5
733
308
5
008
571

    
1
993
393
5
232
150

    
115
000
115
000

    
5
891
182
100
000

    
(3
511
738
    

    
411
517
316
012

    
21
463
21
463

    
12
321
740
12
425
574

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
100
000
5
310
290

    
    
(4
679
689

    
100
000
630
601

    
    
    

    
    
    


 20
000
000 shares authorized
 9
000
051 shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2014 and March 31
 2013
 respectively
    
    


 par value $0.00001
 20
000
000
000 shares authorized and 181
714
134 and 18
414
546 shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2014 and March 31
 2013
 respectively
1
817
    

    
19
416
418
18
686
258

    
(31
753
844
(31
541
829

    
(12
335
519
(12
855
297

    
    
    

    
86
221
200
878


See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial
statements


    
    








    
    
    

    
    
    

    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
182
582
389
817

    
(164
639
(355
832

    
17
943
33
985

    
    
    

    
    
    


 taxes and employee benefits
883
306
1
220
287

    
52
659
205
036

    
312
500
202
111

    
196
071
247
082

    
30
632
58
198

    
5
205
2
425

    
26
997
99
504

    
257
990
362
861

    
1
765
360
2
397
504

    
    
    

    
(1
747
417
(2
363
519

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
(141
235

    
    
(2
838
522

    
    
    

    
1
535
402
2
318
195

    
1
535
402
(661
760

    
    
    

    
(212
015
(3
025
279

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(212
015
(3
025
279

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
102
827
957
5
374
096

    
    
    

    
102
827
957
5
374
096


See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements


    
    


ATTITUDE
DRINKS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARY

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo;
DEFICIT
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31
 2014 AND
2013



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 March 31
 2012
9
000
000
9
000
854
047
952
854
048
13
634
608
(28
516
550
(14
018
894

    
    
    
8
348
275
282
8
348
275
(4
258
399
    
4
089
876

    
    
    
4
950
000
4
950
94
050
    
99
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
(8
910
    
(9
115
200
9
124
110
    
    

    
    
    
(9
188
858
688
(91
889
91
889
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
025
279
(3
025
279


 March 31
 2013
9
000
051
    
18
414
546
    
18
686
258
(31
541
829
(12
855
297

    
    
    
163
299
588
1
633
703
163
    
704
796

    
    
    
    
    
26
997
    
26
997

    
    
    
    
    
    
(212
015
(212
015


 March 31
 2014
9
000
051
    
181
714
134
1
817
19
416
418
(31
753
844
(12
335
519





    
    










    
    
    

    
    
    

    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(212
015
(3
025
279

    
    
    

    
7
685
27
118

    
26
997
99
504

    
262
000
325
000

    
(16
007
15
190

    
    
141
235

    
(3
359
968
(3
105
515

    
    
2
838
522

    
990
842
513
301

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
41
677
1
613

    
27
237
43
375

    
71
631
156
775

    
    
(7
661

    
1
426
981
752
947

    
(732
940
(1
223
677

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(3
910
(10
902

    
    
    

    
(4
365
(11
028

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
715
000
950
000

    
95
505
250
000

    
(60
000
(90
000

    
750
505
1
110
000

    
    
    

    
13
200
(124
705

    
    
    

    
7
415
132
120

    
    
    

    
20
615
7
415



    
    




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASHFLOWS
(CONTINUED)



    
    
    

    
    
    

    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
325
000


See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements


    
    






Note 1 &ndash;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Organization and Nature of Business:


 a Delaware
corporation
 and subsidiary (&ldquo;the Company&rdquo;) is engaged in the development and sale of functional beverages
 primarily
in the United States.


plan of operation during the next twelve months is to focus on the non-alcoholic single serving beverage business
 developing and
marketing products in two fast growing segments: sports recovery and functional dairy.


30
 2013 the increase in our authorized shares of common stock from five billion (5
000
000
000) to twenty billion (20
000
000
000).
As such
 we are reflecting the twenty billion number in our financial statements for the year ended March 31
 2013.


split on July 1
 2013. We have restated all applicable financial information for both years ended March 31
 2014 and 2013.

Note 2 -&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Going
Concern and Management&rsquo;s Plans:


financial statements
 the Company has incurred accumulated operating losses of $31
753
844 and negative cash flows from operations
and has a significant working capital deficiency in the amount of $12
266
740&nbsp;at March&nbsp;31
 2014. The Company has been
dependent upon third party financing and will continue to depend on additional financing for at least the next twelve months.&nbsp;These
conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern.


 the Company plans to file
a registration statement to provide working capital as needed to increase operations and sales efficiencies through the need to
implement sales and marketing programs to increase awareness of the Company&rsquo;s products as well as to pay for slotting fees
for certain retail channels of revenues. The Company plans to increase its sales
 primarily by significantly increasing its sales
force and partnering with new distributors
 as well as offering new products in the next twelve months.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company&rsquo;s
margins are expected to improve as a result of increased sales
 expected economies of scale due to anticipated lower product costs
based on increased volumes per production run and lower transportation costs from the expected shipment of full truck loads.&nbsp;&nbsp;However
the Company expects to reduce its dependency on third party financing during the next twelve months.&nbsp;&nbsp;There is no assurance
that further funding will be available at acceptable terms
 if at all
 or that the Company will be able to achieve profitability.&nbsp;&nbsp;Ultimately
the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the achievement of profitable operations. The accompanying
financial statements do not reflect any adjustments that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Note 3 -&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Significant
Accounting Policies:

(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Principles
of Consolidation:


statements include the accounts of Attitude Drinks Incorporated and its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Attitude Drink Company
 Inc. All
material intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.

(b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Use
of Estimates:


in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
most significant estimate included in the Company&rsquo;s financial statements is the following: Fair value of the Company&rsquo;s
financial instruments that are required to be carried at fair value. The Company uses all available information and appropriate
techniques to develop its estimates
 including the use of outside consultants. However
 actual results could differ from the Company&rsquo;s
estimates.


    
    


Note 3 -&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Significant
Accounting Policies (continued):

(c)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Business
Segment and Geographic Information:


industry segment that it has defined as the sports-recovery drink industry.&nbsp;&nbsp;However
 its next two products will enter
into the functional milk category. Presently
 there is no international business
 although the Company may pursue the sale of its
products in international markets during the next fiscal year.

(d)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Cash
and Cash Equivalents:


investments purchased with a remaining maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.




 which consist of finished
goods and raw materials
 are stated at the lower of cost on the first in
 first-out method or market.&nbsp;&nbsp;Further
 the Company&rsquo;s
inventories are perishable.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company estimates for each fiscal quarter any unsalable inventory reserves based upon
a specific identification basis.&nbsp;&nbsp;The components of inventories as of March 31
 2014 and March 31
 2013 are below:




    

 2014

 2013

    
    
    

    
30
090
101
721

    
    
    

    
30
090
101
721


107 for March 31
2014

(f)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Fixed
Assets:


is computed using the straight-line method over a period of ten years for furniture
 three years for computer equipment and three
years for purchased software. Maintenance
 repairs and minor renewals are charged directly to expenses as incurred. Additions and
betterments to property and equipment are capitalized.&nbsp;&nbsp;When assets are disposed of
 the related cost and accumulated
depreciation thereon are removed from the accounts
 and any resulting gain or loss is included in the statement of operations.




on a straight-line basis over fifteen years.&nbsp;&nbsp;The following table summarizes the components of the Company&rsquo;s trademarks:



    

 2014

 2013

    
    
    

    
32
151
31
696

    
(27
317
(26
910

    
4
834
4
786



$20
620 for the years ended March 31
 2014 and March 31
 2013
 respectively. We recorded an additional $18
723 in trademark amortization
expense in the total $20
620 expense for the impairment of unamortized trademarks that are currently not used for the year ended
March 31
 2013.




    
    


Note 3 -&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Significant
Accounting Policies (continued):

(h)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets:



 furniture
and equipment. We evaluate the carrying value and recoverability of our long-lived assets when circumstances warrant such evaluation
by applying the provisions of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification which requires that long-lived assets be reviewed for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable through
the estimated undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets. Whenever any such
impairment exists
 an impairment loss will be recognized for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value. See
the note above (g) for further explanation.


(i)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Financial
Instruments:


 as defined in the
FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 consist of cash
 evidence of ownership in an entity and contracts that both (i) impose
on one entity a contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial instrument to a second entity
 or to exchange other
financial instruments on potentially unfavorable terms with the second entity
 and (ii) conveys to that second entity a contractual
right (a) to receive cash or another financial instrument from the first entity
 or (b) to exchange other financial instruments
on potentially favorable terms with the first entity. Accordingly
 our financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents
accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 notes payable
 derivative financial instruments
 convertible debt and
redeemable preferred stock that we have concluded the notes payable and derivative financial instruments are more akin to debt
than equity.


 as defined
in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 consist of financial instruments or other contracts that contain a notional amount
and one or more underlying (e.g. interest rate
 security price or other variable)
 require no initial net investment and permit
net settlement. Derivative financial instruments may be free-standing or embedded in other financial instruments. Further
 prior
to February 21
 2013
 derivative financial instruments were measured at fair value and recorded as liabilities or
 in rare instances
assets. Fair value represents the price at which the property would change hands between a hypothetical willing and able buyer
and a hypothetical willing and able seller acting at arm&rsquo;s length in an open and unrestricted market
 when neither is under
compulsion to buy or sell and when both have reasonable knowledge of the relevant facts.


instruments to hedge exposures to cash-flow
 market or foreign-currency risks. However
 we have entered into certain other financial
instruments and contracts
 such as debt financing arrangements
 redeemable preferred stock arrangements and freestanding warrants
with features that are either (i) not afforded equity classification
 (ii) embody risks not clearly and closely related to host
contracts
 or (iii) may be net-cash settled by the counterparty. As required by the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 these
instruments
 prior to February 21
 2013
 were required to be carried as derivative liabilities
 at fair value
 in our financial
statements as we were allowed to elect fair value measurement of the hybrid financial instruments
 on a case-by-case basis
 rather
than bifurcate the derivative. We believed that fair value measurement of the various hybrid convertible promissory notes financing
arrangements prior to February 21
 2013 provided a more meaningful presentation of that financial instrument


- Our financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses. We
believe that the carrying amounts of the financial instruments approximate their respective current fair values due to their relatively
short maturities.


Value Measurements and Disclosures Topic of the FASB Codification
 the Company&rsquo;s financial assets and liabilities measured
at fair value on a recurring basis are classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories:


instruments with unadjusted quoted prices listed on active market exchanges.


lacking unadjusted
 quoted prices from active market exchanges
 including over the counter traded financial instruments. The prices
for the financial instruments are determined using prices for recently traded financial instruments with similar underlying terms
as well as directly or indirectly observable inputs
 such as interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted
intervals.


instruments that are not actively traded on a market exchange. This category includes situations where there is little
 if any
market activity for the financial instrument. The prices are determined using significant unobservable inputs or valuation techniques.


Level 1 measurements for all periods presented. We do not have any financial instruments classified as Level 2. We have recorded
a conversion feature liability in regards to a convertible note issued in the twelve months ended March 31
 2013
 which are Level
3 and are further described below in note 6.


    
    


Note 3 -&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Significant
Accounting Policies (continued)

(i)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Financial
Instruments (continued):


inventory
 and accounts payable and accrued expense at historical cost which approximates the fair value because of the short-term
nature of these instruments.

(j)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Revenue
Recognition:


with the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Revenue is recognized when there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement
 delivery
has occurred or services have been rendered
 the sales price is determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured.&nbsp;&nbsp;Revenues
are recognized pursuant to formal revenue arrangements with the Company&rsquo;s customers
 at contracted prices
 when the Company&rsquo;s
product is delivered to their premises
 and collectability is reasonably assured. The Company extends merchantability warranties
to its customers on its products but otherwise does not afford its customers with rights of return. Warranty costs have been insignificant
to date. In determining revenue recognition for products shipped to this customer
 the Company follows the guidance in ASC 605
&ldquo;Revenue Recognition&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASC 605&rdquo;). For any products which are shipped are under a &ldquo;pay on scan&rdquo;
model (none for 2014 and 2013)
 revenue is deferred by the Company until such time as the customer sells through such products
to the end consumer. .


often provide for industry-standard slotting fees where the Company makes cash payments to the respective customer to obtain rights
to place the Company&rsquo;s products on their retail shelves for a stipulated period of time. We did record slotting fees for
$875 and $2
625 for the years ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 which are recorded as reductions to the reported revenues.
The Company also engages in other promotional discount programs in order to enhance its sales activities. The Company believes
its participation in these arrangements is essential to ensuring continued volume and revenue growth in the competitive marketplace.
These payments
 discounts and allowances are recorded as reductions to the Company&rsquo;s reported revenue and were $8
002 and
$53
046 for the year ended March 31
 2014 and March 31
 2013
 respectively.




deliver products to our customers are included as a component of cost of sales.&nbsp;&nbsp;These costs amounted to $22
267 and
$38
164 for the year ended March 31
 2014 and March 31
 2013
 respectively.

(l)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Income
Taxes:


for income taxes.&nbsp;&nbsp;Under the liability method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences
between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of the assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates
and laws that will be in effect
 when the differences are expected to reverse.&nbsp;&nbsp;An allowance against deferred tax assets
is recognized
 when it is more likely than not
 that such tax benefits will not be realized.&nbsp;&nbsp;We have recorded a 100%
valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets due to uncertainty of their realization. The Company&rsquo;s open tax years
are from 2009 through 2014.


penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense.&nbsp;&nbsp;For the year ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 we had no
accrued interest or penalties related to income taxes. We currently have no federal or state tax examinations in progress.

(m)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Loss
Per Common Share:


by dividing loss applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the reporting
period. Diluted loss per common share is computed similar to basic loss per common share except that diluted loss per common share
includes dilutive common stock equivalents
 using the treasury stock method
 and assumes that the convertible debt instruments
were converted into common stock upon issuance
 if dilutive. For the year ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 potential
common shares arising from the our stock warrants
 stock options
 convertible preferred stock and convertible debt and accrued
interest payable amounted to 5
725
704
499 shares for 2014 and 814
506 shares for 2013 and were not included in the computation
of diluted loss per share because their effect was anti-dilutive.


    
    


Note 3 -&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Significant
Accounting Policies (continued)

(n)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Recent
Accounting Pronouncements Affecting the Company:


the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an Accounting Standards Update (&ldquo;ASU&rdquo;) that provides amendments
for disclosures about offsetting assets and liabilities.&nbsp; The amendments require an entity to disclose information about
offsetting and related arrangements to enable users of its financial statements to understand the effect of those
arrangements on its financial position. Entities are required to disclose both gross information and net information about
both instruments and transactions eligible for offset in the statement of financial position and instruments and transactions
subject to an agreement similar to a master netting arrangement. This scope would include derivatives
 sale and repurchase
agreements and reverse sale and repurchase agreements
 securities borrowing and securities lending arrangements.&nbsp; The
amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1
 2013
 and interim periods within those
annual periods. Disclosures required by the amendments should be provided retrospectively for all comparative periods
presented. For the Company
 the amendment is effective for fiscal year 2014. The Company&rsquo;s evaluation determined that
there is no restatement impact on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements.


 2012
 the Financial
Accounting Standards Board issued an ASU that contained amendments that affect a wide variety of topics in the Codification and
represent changes to clarify the Codifications
 correct unintended application of guidance or make minor improvements to the Codification
that are not expected to have a significant effect on current accounting practice or create a significant administrative cost to
most entities. These amendments will be effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15
 2012. The effect of adoption
will have a minimum impact on the Company.


 2013
 the Financial
Accounting Standards Board issued an ASU that contained amendments to apply to derivatives accounted for in accordance with Topic
815
 Derivative and Hedging
 including bifurcated embedded derivatives
 repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements
and securities borrowing and securities lending transactions that are either offset or subject to an enforceable master netting
arrangement or similar agreement. These amendments should be applied for fiscal years beginning on or after January 1
 2013 and
interim periods within those annual periods. The effect of adoption will have a minimum impact on the Company.


 2013
 the
Financial Accounting Standard Board issued an ASU that contained amendments that provide guidance for the recognition
 measurement
and disclosure of obligations resulting from joint and several liability arrangements for which the total amount of the obligations
is fixed at the reporting date. Examples of obligations within the scope of this ASU include debt arrangements
 other contractual
obligations and settled litigation and judicial rulings. These amendments will be effective for fiscal periods and interim periods
within those years beginning after December 15
 2013. The effect of adoption will have a minimum impact on the Company.




when incurred and are included in operating expenses. Advertising costs for the years ended March 31
 2014 and 2013 were $17
732
and $7
135
 respectively.

(p)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Concentration of Sales to
Certain Clients


 the Company had
sales to one client that represented 45% of total revenues in the amount of $93
093. There were no outstanding receivables from
this entity at March 31
 2014.


    
    


Note 4 &ndash;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Fixed
Assets:


are comprised of the following as of March 31
 2014 and 2013:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
23
580
19
669

    
12
837
12
837

    
24
382
24
382

    
    
    

    
61
626
57
715

    
(36
135
(28
857

    
25
491
28
858



278
and $6
498&nbsp;for the year ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. During the year ended March 31
 2013
 we moved our office
to another location and wrote off the leasehold improvement of the old office location for gross assets of $3
954 less accumulated
depreciation of $3
756 for a net loss of $198 due to abandonment.

Note 5 &ndash;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Accrued
Liabilities:


the following as of March 31
 2014 and 2013:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
261
045
2
770
580

    
580
000
580
000

    
98
000
74
950

    
1
456
904
1
221
671

    
206
792
170
792

    
130
567
190
578

    
    
    

    
5
733
308
5
008
571


Note 6 &ndash;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Convertible Notes Payable:


at fair value as prescribed by the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (see Note 9 for more details). Convertible debt carrying
values consist of the following:&nbsp;



    
    
    

    
    





    
    
    
    

6
207
271

 2015 (a)
 (1)
5
554
182
5
310
290

400
000

 2014 (b)
 (2)
400
000
100
000

37
000

 2014 (c)
 (3)
37
000
    

    
    
(3
511
738
(4
679
689

6
644
271
    
2
479
444
730
601



to February 21
 2013 were surrendered to the Company through a February 21
 2013 exchange agreement whereas the Company issued
new face value consolidated notes per debt holder for a total amount of $5
020
944
 $350
000 face value in new notes for the surrender
of 425
003 (after reverse stock split) Class A warrants plus $121
327 in a new note for work rendered
for this consolidated financing for a grand total of $5
492
271.


    
    


Note 6 &ndash;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Convertible Notes Payable (continued):



000 face
value for December
 2012 through March 31
 2014 (total of $400
 000)


000 face value
issued June 7
 2013


lattice valuation model that required the recording of a discount that will be amortized (accretion) over the life of the convertible
notes payable.


new language as compared to the previous notes
 we needed to use a different valuation model for applicable valuations
 derivatives
and fair market value. In order to determine the fair market value
 we analyzed the various securities agreements and exchange
agreements
 compared the Company to comparable companies to determine industry factors for volatility
 growth and future financing
developed a lattice model that valued the convertible notes on a probability weighted scenario model as well as future projections
of the various potential outcomes and valued the convertible notes at issuance and at the end of the reporting period to account
for the derivative liability. Based on our analysis in determining the proper accounting treatment and valuation as set forth in
the Statement of Financial Accounting Standard ASC 820-10-35-37 (Fair Value in Financial Instruments)
 Statement of Financial Accounting
Standard ASC 815 (Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities)
 Emerging Issues Task (&ldquo;EITF&rdquo;) For
Issue No. 00-10 and EITF 07-05
 the embedded derivatives are bundled and valued as a single
 compound embedded derivative
 bifurcated
from the debt host and treated as a liability. The single compound embedded derivative features valued include the variable conversion
feature
 and the value of these embedded derivatives for the convertible notes is treated as a liability. These derivative liabilities
are marked-to-market each quarter with the change in fair value recorded in the Statement of Operations.




convertible debt (face value) as of March 31
 2014 are as follows:



    
    



    

    
5
891
182

    
100
000

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
5
991
182



    
    


Note 6 &ndash;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Convertible Notes Payable (continued):

&#9;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;February
21
 2013 Consolidated Convertible Notes


 2013
 all previous
convertible notes payable with outstanding balances totaling $5
020
944 were surrendered by the debt holders to the Company
through exchange agreements whereas the Company issued one consolidated note to each debt holder for the total outstanding
convertible note amounts. In addition and on the same date
 all outstanding Class A warrants associated with these
convertible note payables totaling 425
003 Class A warrants were surrendered by the debt holders to the Company in which the
Company issued additional convertible notes payable for the total amount of $350
000. All applicable 364 Class B warrants
were cancelled as well. Both the surrendered convertible notes payable for $5
020
944 and warrants for $350
000 were combined
into one new convertible note payable per debt holder for a grand total of $5
370
944. All of these consolidated notes
contain the same terms
 maturity dates and conversion criteria and replace all terms
 conditions and conversion criteria
contained in the surrendered notes. These notes have a maturity date of February 21
 2015 and an interest rate of 4%. The
conversion price per share shall be equal to seventy-five percent (75%) of the average of the three lowest closing bid prices
for the Common stock as reported by Bloomberg L.P. for the principal market for the twenty trading days preceding a
conversion date but in no event greater than $10.00. Each conversion submitted by a holder must be at least the lesser of (i)
$10
000 of principal and interest or (ii) the balance due on the note. In addition
 another new convertible note was issued
for $121
327 to one of the accredited debt holders for their efforts in assisting the Company with these consolidated notes
warrants and modifications. The amount was determined at 5% of the then outstanding balance of all the convertible notes
payable held by the debt holder. This note is identical to the above notes for the terms
 conversion criteria and maturity
date. No accrued interest payable amounts were added to these new notes. A total of $652
606 in principal and $153
881 in
accrued interest were converted into shares of common stock from February 21
 2013 through March 31
 2014. In addition
 nine
allonges (allonge #8 for $71
500 dated April 11
 2013
 allonge #9 for $88
000 dated June 5
 2013
 allonge #10 for $88
000
dated June 21
 2013
 allonge #11 for $82
500 dated July 23
 2013
 allonge #12 for $110
000 dated August 8
 2013
 allonge #13
for $110
000 dated September 18
 2013
 allonge #14 for $55
000 dated October 28
 2013
 allonge #15 for $55
000 dated
November 15
 2013 and allonge #16 for $55
000 dated February 11
 2014 ) were added into these consolidated notes.


another debt- holder $100
000 on April 9
 2013 and another $100
000 on June 5
 2013 from these February 21
 2013 notes. These new
replacement notes contain the same terms as in the February 21
 2013 consolidated convertible notes. A total of $27
970 to date
was converted from the original $100
000 balance
 but no conversions have been made on the second $100
000 note.


(b) Monthly $25
000 Retainer Fee Convertible Notes


for $25
000 to SC Advisors as part of their consulting fees. Previously issued convertible notes from August
 2012 through November
2012 were consolidated in the above February 21
 2013 convertible note. From December
 2012 through March
 2014
 we issued $25
000
monthly convertible notes for a total of $400
000. All of these notes have maturity dates from December 31
 2014 to July 31
 2015.
The notes can be converted into shares of Common Stock after six months of holding at a conversion price to equal the current market
price multiplied by eighty percent (80%). Current market price means the average of the closing bid prices for the common stock
for the five (5) trading days ending on the trading day immediately before the relevant conversion date. No conversions have been
made on these notes.

(c) June 7
 2013 Convertible Note


000 convertible note on
June 7
 2013 for past due services. The maturity date of this note is June 7
 2014. The note maybe converted into shares of common
stock after a six month holding period at a conversion price to equal the current market price multiplied by eighty percent (80%).
Current market price means the average of the closing bid prices for the common stock for the five (5) trading days ending on the
trading day immediately before the relevant conversion date. No conversions have been made on these notes.

Note 7 &ndash;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Short
Term Bridge Loans:


bridge loan balances is as follows:



    

&nbsp;2014

&nbsp;2013

    
    
    


 2008 (a)
60
000
60
000


 2008 (b)
55
000
55
000

    
    
    

    
115
000
115
000





    
    


Note 7 &ndash;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Short
Term Bridge Loans (continued):

April 14
 2008 financing


 2008
 the Company entered into a
financing arrangement that provided for the issuance of a $60
000 face value short-term bridge loan note payable due July 15
2008 plus warrants to purchase (i) 5
000 shares of our common stock and (ii) additional warrants to purchase 5
000 shares of
our common stock
 representing an aggregate 10
000 shares. We determined that the warrants issued in this financing
arrangement meet the conditions for equity classification so we allocated the proceeds of the debt between the debt and the
detachable warrants based on the relative fair value of the debt security and the warrants in accordance with the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification as the exercise date for these warrants has now expired.


related to the April 14
 2008 financing:&nbsp;



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Extend maturity to July 19
 2008
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Extend maturity to December 15
 2008
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Extend maturity date to April 30
 2009
    
    
        
        



extinguishment of $171
622 in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Codification. On December 15
 2008
 we were in
default on the notes for non-payment of the required principal payment.&nbsp;&nbsp;The remedy for event of default was acceleration
of principal and interest so they were recorded at face value. As of March 31
 2013
 this April 14
 2008 note was considered in
default for non-payment. The Company is trying to find the debt holder to extend the due date of the note as the previous address
is no longer valid. It was determined that the extension warrants required liability accounting and are being recorded at fair
value with changes in fair value being recorded in derivative (income) expense. The exercise dates for all warrants other than
12 warrants granted on January 27
 2009 have expired. The exercise price of the 12 warrants was changed again to $500 when the
Company issued additional convertible instruments with a lower conversion rate on January 27
 2009.&nbsp;&nbsp;Associated warrants
are recorded at fair value for each reporting period.

August 5
 2008 financing


 2008
 the Company entered
into a financing arrangement that provided for the issuance of a $55
000 face value short term bridge loan
 due September 5
 2008
plus warrants to purchase (i) 5
000 shares of our common stock
 and (ii) additional warrants to purchase 5
000 shares of our common
stock
 representing an aggregate of 10
000 shares (before any reverse stock splits) as the exercise dates for these warrants have
now expired.&nbsp;&nbsp;The due date of the loan was extended to December 15
 2008 with 11 restricted shares of common stock issued
as consideration. On December 15
 2008
 we were in default on the notes for non-payment of the required principal payment. Remedies
for an event of default are acceleration of principal and interest. There were no incremental penalties for the event of default;
however the notes were recorded at face value. Remedies for an event of default are acceleration of principal and interest.


 2009
 we extended the term
on the note from December 15
 2008 to April 30
 2009
 and we issued investor warrants to purchase 11 shares of our common stock
and 11 shares of restricted common stock as consideration for the extension.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;We recorded a loss on extinguishment
of debt of $2
112 in accordance with the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. As of December 31
 2012
 this note was considered
in default for non-payment. The debt holder is a board director and will extend the note once we locate the debt holder of the
above April 14
 2008 debt.


adjusted to $1
650 when the Company issued additional convertible instruments with a lower conversion rate on December 18
 2008.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
exercise price of the warrants was adjusted again to $500 when the Company issued additional convertible instruments with a lower
conversion rate on January 27
 2009.&nbsp;&nbsp;Associated warrants are recorded at fair value for each reporting period.



    
    



Note 8 -&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9; Non-convertible
Notes Payable:


 2011
 we entered into a
promissory note with our previous landlord in the principal amount of $75
762. This amount was due June 30
 2011 together with
interest of 10% computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed over a 360-day year on the unpaid balance. The default
rate shall be a per annum interest rate equal to the maximum amount permitted by applicable law as we currently use 15%. Although
we have not paid this note yet
 we anticipate making a payment pending a future financing. On October 12
 2012
 the previous landlord
sold $20
000 of the promissory note to another accredited investor resulting in an outstanding amount of $55
762. The sold $20
000
note has since been fully converted into shares of common stock.


 2012
 we entered into two promissory
notes for $100
000 and $40
000
 respectively
 with two current accredited investors. These notes are subject to an interest rate
of ten percent (10%) and are due the sooner of (i) October 14
 2012 or (ii) from the proceeds of the next funding. We received
the $100
000 payment on June 27
 2012 and the $40
000 payment on July 9
 2012. The amounts are still outstanding.


 2012
 we entered into a promissory
note of $110
000 with a current accredited investor. We agreed to pay a finder&rsquo;s fee of $10
000 as we received the net payment
of $100
000 on June 28
 2012. The note is subject to an interest rate of ten percent (10%) and is due the sooner of (i) October
14
 2012 or (ii) from the proceeds of the next funding. The amount is still outstanding.


 2013
 we entered into promissory
notes with four current investors in the total principal amount of $45
505. These amounts are due December 31
 2014 and are not
subject to any interest rates. These notes are exchangeable for equal aggregate amounts of notes of different authorized denominations
as requested by the holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be made for such registration or transfer or exchange.


 2014
 we entered into promissory
notes with three current investors in the total principal amount of $50
000. These amounts are due February 28
 2015 and are not
subject to any interest rates. These notes are exchangeable for equal aggregate amounts of notes of different authorized denominations
as requested by the holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be made for such registration or transfer or exchange.

Note 9 &ndash;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Derivative
Liabilities:






 &ldquo;Fair Value Measurements
and Disclosures
&rdquo; establishes a valuation hierarchy for disclosure of the inputs to valuation used to measure fair value.
This hierarchy prioritizes the inputs into three broad levels as follows. Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active
markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 inputs are quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
or inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly through market corroboration
 for substantially
the full term of the financial instrument. Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs based on the Company&rsquo;s own assumptions
used to measure assets and liabilities at fair value. A financial asset or liability&rsquo;s classification within the hierarchy
is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement.


carried at fair value measured on a recurring basis as of March 31
 2014:



    
    

&nbsp;2014

    
 March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
    
    
    

    
1
993
393
    
    
1
993
393



 accounts
receivable
 prepaid expenses
 accounts payable
 and accrued liabilities approximate their fair value due to their short maturities.
The Company measures the fair value of financial assets and liabilities based on the exchange price that would be received for
an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability
in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The Company maximizes the use of observable inputs
and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value.



    
    


Note 9 &ndash;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Derivative
Liabilities (continued):


                                                                                        unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of the derivative
                                                                                        liabilities. For fair value measurements categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy
 the Company&rsquo;s
                                                                                        accounting department
 who reports to the Principal Financial Officer
 determines its valuation policies and procedures. The
                                                                                        development and determination of the unobservable inputs for Level 3 fair value measurements and fair value calculations
                                                                                        are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s accounting department and are approved by the Principal Financial Officer.



the conversion feature liability for which there is no current market for these securities such that the determination of fair
value requires significant judgment or estimation. Changes in fair value measurements categorized within Level 3 of the fair value
hierarchy are analyzed each period based on changes in estimates or assumptions and recorded as appropriate. A significant decrease
in the volatility or a significant decrease in the Company&rsquo;s stock price
 in isolation
 would result in a significantly lower
fair value measurement.


 2014
 there were no transfers
in or out of level 3 from other levels in the fair value hierarchy. Starting with the consolidated convertible notes payable as
of February 21
 2013
 we used a new lattice valuation model which required the embedded derivatives to be bundled and valued as
a single compound embedded derivative
 bifurcated from the debt host and treated as a liability at fair value.

Note 10 &ndash;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Transactions with Related Parties:


Note 1)
 we assumed $47
963 in advances payable to the officers of MHHI in which we paid $1
500 in January
 2009 and issued 50
shares of common at $500.00 per share or $25
000
 resulting in an outstanding balance of $21
463 that is due.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;These
advances are non-interest bearing and payable upon demand.


2009
 9
000
000 shares of Series A Preferred
 convertible into 54
000
000 shares of common stock at the option of the holder
 were
granted to Roy Warren (see Note 11). During the quarter ended March
 31
 2013
 51 shares of Series A-1 Preferred
 convertible into
306 shares of common stock at the option of the holder
 were granted to Roy Warren for services rendered (see Note 11(a)).


the company and is a debt holder of the company whereas the Company issued him a note payable at the face value of $55
000.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;He
also received 22 shares of restricted stock that related to this note payable
 3 shares of restricted stock for being a Director
and 300 shares of restricted stock for his services related to a November
 2009 financing (total of 325 shares of restricted stock).

Note 11 &ndash;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Stockholders&rsquo;
Deficit:




authorize the issuance of 20
000
000 shares of preferred stock which the Company has designated as Series A Preferred (&ldquo;Series
A&rdquo; and &ldquo;Series A-1&rdquo;)
 $.00001 par value.&nbsp;&nbsp;Each share of Series A and A-1 is convertible into six shares
of the Company&rsquo;s common stock for a period of five years from the date of issue.&nbsp;&nbsp;The conversion basis is not adjusted
for any stock split or combination of the common stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company must at all times have sufficient common shares
reserved to effect the conversion of all outstanding Series A and A-1 Preferred. The holders of the Series A and A-1 Preferred
shall be entitled to receive common stock dividends when
 as
 if and in the amount declared by the directors of the Company to
be in cash or in market value of the Company&rsquo;s common stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company is restricted from paying dividends or
making distributions on its common stock without the approval of a majority of the Series A and A-1 holders.&nbsp;The Series A
and A-1 shall be senior to the Common Stock and any other series or class of the Company&rsquo;s Preferred Stock. The Series A
and A-1 has liquidation rights in the event of any liquidation
 dissolution
 or winding up of the Company
 whether voluntary or
involuntary
 the holders of the Series A and A-1 then outstanding shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company
available for distribution to its shareholders
 before any payment or declaration and setting apart for payment of any amount shall
be made in respect of any outstanding capital stock of the Company
 an amount equal to $.00001 per share
 The Company
 at the option
of its directors
 may at any time or from time to time redeem the whole or any part of the outstanding Series A. Upon redemption
the Company shall pay for each share redeemed the amount of $2.00 per share
 payable in cash
 plus a premium to compensate the
original purchaser(s) for the investment risk and cost of capital equal to the greater of (a) $2.00 per share
 or (b) an amount
per share equal to fifty percent (50%) of the market capitalization of the Company on the date of notice of such redemption divided
by 2
000
000. We have evaluated our Series A Preferred Stock and determined these shares required equity classification because
the number of shares convertible into common stock is fixed and reserved. Redemption of these preferred shares cannot be affected
because of the Company&rsquo;s stockholders&rsquo; deficit.


    
    


Note 11 &ndash;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Stockholders&rsquo;
Deficit (continued):




30
 2009
 9
000
000 shares of Series A Preferred were granted to Roy Warren. We recorded a non-cash expense for $1
620
000
which is based on the then market price of $0.03 per common share times the convertible stock equivalents (9
000
000
preferred shares x 6 = 54
000
000 common stock equivalents). These shares have specific voting power in that Roy Warren has
voting rights for the 54
000
000 common stock equivalents. The Board of Directors on September 4
 2009 approved an amendment
whereas Section 2(A) of the Certificate of Designation is hereby declared in its entirety
 and the following shall be
substituted in lieu thereof-Rights
 Powers and Preferences: The Series A shall have the voting powers
 preferences and
relative
 participating
 optional and other special rights
 qualifications
 limitations and restrictions as follows:
Designation and Amount &ndash; Out of the Twenty Million (20
000
000) shares of the $0.00001 par value authorized preferred
stock
 all Twenty Million (20
000
000) shares shall be designated as shares of &ldquo;Series A.&rdquo;


 31
 2013
51 shares of Series A-1 Preferred
 convertible into 306 shares of common stock at the option of the holder
 were granted to Roy
Warren for services rendered. We recorded a non-cash expense for $0.09 which is based on the then market price of $0.0003 per common
share times the convertible stock equivalents (51 preferred shares x 6 = 306 common stock equivalents).




 2014
 the Company did not
have any outstanding warrants as all of the warrants expired. No warrants were exercised during the fiscal year ended March 31
2014.




 2014
 we had issued and outstanding
181
714
134 shares of common stock of which 30
244 shares are owned by our two officers.&nbsp;&nbsp;Holders of shares of common
stock are entitled to one vote for each share on all matters to be voted on by the shareholders.&nbsp;&nbsp;Holders of common stock
have no cumulative voting rights.&nbsp;&nbsp;In the event of liquidation
 dissolution or winding down of the Company
 the holders
of shares of common stock are entitled to share
 pro rata
 all assets remaining after payment in full of all liabilities.&nbsp;&nbsp;Holders
of common stock have no preemptive rights to purchase our common stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;There are no conversion rights or redemption
or sinking fund provisions with respect to the common stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;All of the outstanding shares of common stock are validly
issued
 fully paid and non-assessable.

Common Stock Issued for the Year Ended
March 31
 2014:


are reflected at the values after the reverse stock split.


 2013
 we issued 300
000 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $11
250 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of
$.0375.


 2013
 we issued 438
400 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $16
440 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of
$.0375.


 2013
 we issued 1
166
667 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $43
750 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of
$.0375.


 2013
 we issued 400
000 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $15
000 accrued interest of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion
price of $.0375.


 2013
 we issued 179
093 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $6
716 accrued interest of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion
price of $.0375.


 2013
 we issued 439
067 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $16
465 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of
$.0375.


 2013
 we issued 320
000 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $12
000 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of
$.0375.


    
    


Note 11.&#9; Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit
(Continued):

(c) Common Stock Issued For the Year
Ended March 31
 2014 (Continued):


 2013
 we issued 400
000 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $15
000 accrued interest of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion
price of $.0375.


 2013
 we issued 1
273
333
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $47
750 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.0375.


 2013
 we issued 124
867 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
675 accrued interest of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion
price of $.0375.


 2013
 we issued 400
000 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $15
000 accrued interest of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion
price of $.0375.


 2013
 we issued 500
000 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $18
750 accrued interest of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion
price of $.0375.


 2013
 we issued 320
000 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $12
000 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of
$.0375.


 2013
 we issued 1
918
462 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $62
350 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of
$.0325.


 2013
 we issued 524
154 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $17
035 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of
$.0325.


 2013
 we issued 609
756 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $10
000 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of
$.0164.


 2013
 we issued 1
353
000 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
412 of accrued interest at a conversion price of $.004.


 2013
 we issued 2
686
667 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $10
075 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of
$.00375.


 2013
 we issued 2
352
941
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $10
000 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.00425.


 2013
 we issued 1
183
908
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $2
575 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.002175.


 2013
 we issued 1
498.851
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $3
260 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.002175.


 2013
 we issued 2
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
350 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.002175.


 2013
 we issued 1
500
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $3
300 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.0022.


 2013
 we issued 1
702
529
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $3
703 of accrued interest at a conversion price of $.002175.


 2013
 we issued 3
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $6
525 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.002175.&nbsp;



    
    


Note 11.&#9; Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit
(Continued):

(c) Common Stock Issued During the Year
Ended March 31
 2014 (Continued):


 2013
 we issued 1
818
182
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
000 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.0022.


 2013
 we issued 1
818
182
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
000 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.0022.


 2013
 we issued 4
256
098
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $8
725 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.00205.


 2013
 we issued 2
500
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
250 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.0021.


 2013
 we issued 2
500
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
000 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.002.


 2013
 we issued 3
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
850 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.002.


 2013
 we issued 2
500
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
000 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.002.


 2013
 we issued 2
500
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
000 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.002.


 2013
 we issued 2
500
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
000 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.002.


 2013
 we issued 4
256
410
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $8
300 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.00195.


 2013
 we issued 3
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $6
300 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.0021.


 2013
 we issued 3
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $6
000 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.002.


 2013
 we issued 2
500
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
000 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.002.


 2013
 we issued 2
500
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
750 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.0019.


 2013
 we issued 3
286
842
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $6
245 of accrued interest at a conversion price of $.0019.


 2013
 we issued 2
600
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
940 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.0019.


 2013
 we issued 2
481
579
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
715 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.0019.


 2013
 we issued 3
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
700 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.0019.


    
    


Note 11&#9; Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit
(Continued):

(c) Common Stock Issued During the Year
Ended March 31
 2014 (Continued):


 2013
 we issued 4
326
316
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $8
220 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.0019.


 2013
 we issued 8
500
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $15
300 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.0018.


 2013
 we issued 3
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
800 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.0016.


 2013
 we issued 3
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $3
600 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.0012.


 2013
 we issued 3
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $3
600 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.0012.


 2013
 we issued 9
150
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $9
150 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.001.


 2013
 we issued 5.000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
500 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.0009.


 2013
 we issued 8.000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $7
200 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.0009.


 2013
 we issued 5.000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
500 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.0009.


 2013
 we issued 5.000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
500 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.0009.


 2013
 we issued 11
777
778
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $10
600 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.0009.


 2013
 we issued 6
935
556
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $6
242 of accrued interest at a conversion price of $.0009.


 2013
 we issued 8.000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $7
200 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.0009.


 2013
 we issued 6.000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
800 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price
of $.0008.

(c) Common Stock Issued During the Year
Ended March 31
 2013:

These figures were not restated for
the reverse stock split that occurred July 1
 2013.


 2012
 we issued 6
000
000 shares
of common stock pursuant to two conversions of January
 2011 convertible notes for $10
443 and accrued interest for $2
877 at a
conversion price of $.00222.


 2012
 we issued 663
800 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2010 convertible notes for $1
444 at a conversion price of $.002175.


 2012
 we issued 62
332 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March
 2011 convertible notes for $132 at a conversion price of $.002123.


    
    


Note 11&#9; Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit
(Continued):

(c) Common Stock Issued During the Year
Ended March 31
 2013 (Continued):


 2012
 we issued 2
843
146 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion of January
 2011 convertible notes for

163 accrued interest at a conversion
price of $.002123.


 2012
 we issued 23
809
524
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2010 convertible notes for $50
000 at a conversion price of $.0021.


 2012
 we issued 3
225
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of January
 2011 convertible notes for $6
702 at a conversion price of $.002078.


 2012
 we issued 3
225
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March
 2011 convertible notes for $6
702 at a conversion price of $.002078.


 2012
 we issued 3
250
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March
 2011 convertible notes for $6
347 at a conversion price of $.002603.


 2012
 we issued 1
900
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June
 2011 convertible notes for $3
178 at a conversion price of $.0016725.


 2012
 we issued 5
800
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June
 2011 convertible notes for $7
076 at a conversion price of $.00122.


 2012
 we issued 2
000
000 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June
 2011 convertible notes for $2
536 at a conversion price of $.001268.


 2012
 we issued 6
500
000 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2010 convertible notes accrued interest for $8
242 at a conversion price of $.001268.


 2012
 we issued 60
000
000 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February
 2008 convertible notes for $76
140 at a conversion price of $.001269.


 2012
 we issued 44
970
414 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June
 2011 convertible notes accrued interest for $57
000 at a conversion price of
$.0012675.


 2012
 we issued 3
000
000 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March
 2011 convertible notes for $3
285 at a conversion price of $.001095.


 2012
 we issued 46
728
972 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion of November
 2011 convertible notes for $50
000 at a conversion price of $.00107.


 2012
 we issued 2
500
000 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March
 2011 convertible notes for $2
588 at a conversion price of $.001035.


 2012
 we issued 363
056 shares
of common stock pursuant to a cashless exercise of 1
000
000 warrants from the March
 2011 financing.


 2012
 we issued 5
100
000 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June
 2011 convertible notes for $4
549 and accrued interest for $806 at a conversion
price of $.00105.


 2012
 we issued 4
900
000 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2010 convertible notes for $5
145 at a conversion price of $.00105.


 2012
 we issued 40
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February
 2008 convertible notes for $40
000 at a conversion price of $.001.


 2012
 we issued 6
900
000 shares
of common stock pursuant to conversion of July
 2010 accrued interest for $8
211 at a conversion price of $.00119.


    
    


Note 11.&#9; Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit
(continued):

(c) Common Stock
Issued for the Year Ended March 31
 2013 (continued):


 2012
 we issued 5
000
000 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March
 2011 convertible notes for $4
000 at a conversion price of $.0008.


 2012
 we issued 36
000
000 shares
of common stock pursuant to two conversions of July
 2010 convertible notes for a total of $24
000 and $4
800 accrued interest
at a conversion price of $.0008.


 2012
 we issued 50
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February
 2008 convertible notes for $29
300 at a conversion price of $.000586.


 2012
 we issued 4
950
000
shares of common stock pursuant to terms of certain athlete contracts valued at $99
000 with conversion at the contracted $.02
conversion price.


 2012
 we issued 8
853
333
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March
 2011 debt for $805 and $3
179 accrued interest at a conversion price
of $.00045.


 2012
 we issued 16
626
267
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2010 debt of $7
482 at a conversion price of $.00045.


 2012
 we issued 4
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March
 2011 debt of $1
720 at a conversion price of $.00043.


 2012
 we issued 40
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February
 2008 debt of $16
000 at a conversion price of $.0004.


 2012
 we issued 60
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2011 debt that was purchased in August
 2012 by another accredited investor
of $24
000 at a conversion price of $.0004.


 2012
 we issued 60
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2010 debt of $24
000 at a conversion price of $.0004.


 2012
 we issued 10
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March
 2011 debt of $4
000 at a conversion price of $.0004.


 2012
 we issued 15
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March
 2011 debt of $10
125 at a conversion price of $.000675.


 2012
 we issued 5
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2010 debt of $3
375 at a conversion price of $.000675.


 2012
 we issued 60
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2011 debt that was purchased in August
 2012 by another accredited investor
of $22
500 at a conversion price of $.000375.


 2012
 we issued 10
666
667
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2010 accrued interest for $4
000 at a conversion price of $.000375.


 2012
 we issued 64
733
333
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2011 debt that was purchased in August
 2012 by another accredited investor
of $24
275 at a conversion price of $.000375.


 2012
 we issued 26
246
627
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of November
 2011 debt of $9
360 and accrued interest of $1
926 at a conversion
price of $.00043.


 2012
 we issued 50
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February
 2008 debt of $20
000 at a conversion price of $.0004.


 2012
 we issued 20
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June
 2011 debt of $8
000 at a conversion price of $.0004.


    
    


Note 11.&#9; Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit
(continued):

(c) Common Stock Issued for the Year
Ended March 31
 2013 (continued):


 2012
 we issued 75
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February
 2008 debt of $30
000 at a conversion price of $.0004.


 2012
 we issued 15
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March
 2011 debt of $6
375 at a conversion price of $.000425.


 2012
 we issued 9
941
176
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2011 debt that was purchased in August
 2012 by another accredited investor
of $4
225 at a conversion price of $.000425.


 2012
 we issued 10
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June
 2011 debt of $5
250 at a conversion price of $.000525.


 2012
 we issued 86
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2010 debt of $51
600 at a conversion price of $.0006.


 2012
 we issued 50
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February
 2008 debt of $21
334 at a conversion price of $.00042667.


 2012
 we issued 44
444
444
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of an October
 2012 purchase of a non-convertible note of $20
000 at a conversion
price of $.00045.


 2012
 we issued 130
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February
 2008 debt of $38
376 and accrued interest of $24
024 at a conversion
price of $.00048.


 2012
 we issued 15
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June
 2011 debt of $6
750 at a conversion price of $.00045.


 2012
 we issued 155
520
833
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of November
 2009 debt that was purchased in October
 2012 by another accredited
investor of $74
650 at a conversion price of $.00048.


 2012
 we issued 104
895
833
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of November
 2009 debt that was purchased in November
 2012 by another accredited
investor of $50
350 at a conversion price of $.00048.


 2012
 we issued 25
900
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2010 debt of $11
137 at a conversion price of $.00043.


 2012
 we issued 100
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February
 2008 accrued interest of $45
300 at a conversion price of $.000453.


 2012
 we issued 32
468
244
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March
 2011 debt of $10
450 and $4
160 accrued interest at a conversion price
of $.00045.


 2012
 we issued 32
997
040
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March
 2011 debt of $8
969 and accrued interest of $3
405 at a conversion price
of $.000375.


 2012
 we issued 25
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June
 2011 debt of $7
500 at a conversion price of $.0003.


 2012
 we issued 150
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of November
 2009 debt that was purchased in November
 2012 by another accredited
investor of $36
000 at a conversion price of $.00024.


 2012
 we issued 30
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June
 2011 debt of $6
750 at a conversion price of $.000225.


 2012
 we issued 100
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February
 2008 accrued interest of $24
000 at a conversion price of $.00024.


 2012
 we issued 95
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2010 debt of $21
375 at a conversion price of $.000225.


    
    


Note 11.&#9; Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit
(continued):

(c) Common Stock Issued for the Year
Ended March 31
 2013 (continued):


 2012
 we issued 100
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February
 2008 accrued interest of $24
000 at a conversion price of $.00024.


 2012
 we issued 82
568
075
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February
 2008 accrued interest of $17
587 at a conversion price of $.000213.


 2012
 we issued 205
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of November
 2009 debt that was purchased in November
 2012 by another accredited
investor of $32
800 at a conversion price of $.00016.


 2013
 we issued 331
875
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of November
 2009 debt that was purchased in November
 2012 by another accredited
investor of $53
100 at a conversion price of $.00016.


 2013
 we issued 125
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of September
 2008 debt of $20
000 at a conversion price of $.00016.


 2013
 we issued 175
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of January
 2009 debt of $28
000 at a conversion price of $.00016.


 2013
 we issued 42
812
500
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of November
 2009 debt that was purchased in November
 2012 by another accredited
investor of $6
850 at a conversion price of $.00016.


 2013
 we issued 223
125
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of December
 2009 debt that was purchased in December
 2012 by another accredited
investor of $35
700 at a conversion price of $.00016.


 2013
 we issued 50
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of September
 2008 debt of $7
500 at a conversion price of $.00015.


 2013
 we issued 200
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of September
 2008 debt of $32
000 at a conversion price of $.00016.


 2013
 we issued 87
420
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2010 accrued interest of $13
113 at a conversion price of $.00015.


 2013
 we issued 190
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to two conversions of July
 2010 debt totaling $28
500 at a conversion price of $.00015.


 2013
 we issued 155
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of September
 2008 debt that was purchased in December
 2012 by another accredited
investor of $24
800 at a conversion price of $.00016.


 2013
 we issued 255
312
500
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of September
 2008 debt that was purchased in December
 2012 by another accredited
investor of $40
850 at a conversion price of $.00016.


 2013
 we issued 37
160
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February
 2012 debt of $5
574 at a conversion price of $.00015.


 2013
 we issued 165
468
750
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of September
 2008 debt that was purchased in December
 2012 by another accredited
investor of $26
475 at a conversion price of $.00016.


 2013
 we issued 200
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of January
 2009 debt of $32
000 at a conversion price of $.00016.


 2013
 we issued 138
593
750
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of September
 2008 debt that was purchased in December
 2012 by another accredited
investor of $22
175 at a conversion price of $.00016.


 2013
 we issued 200
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of January
 2009 debt of $32
000 at a conversion price of $.00016.


 2013
 we issued 70
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March
 2011 debt of $10
500 at a conversion price of $.00015.


    
    


Note 11.&#9; Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit
(continued):

(c) Common Stock Issued for the Year
Ended March 31
 2013 (continued):


 we issued 87
146
666
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2010 debt for $4
837 and accrued interest for $8
233 at a conversion price
of $.00015.


 2013
 we issued 100
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June
 2011 debt of $7
500 at a conversion price of $.000075.


 we issued 593
533
333
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of September
 2008 debt that was purchased in January
 2013 by another accredited
investor of $44
515 at a conversion price of $.000075.


 2013
 we issued 190
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to two conversions of July
 2010 debt totaling $14
250 at a conversion price of $.000075.


 2013
 we issued 138
593
750
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of September
 2008 debt that was purchased in December
 2012 by another accredited
investor of $22
175 at a conversion price of $.00016.


 2013
 we issued 100
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February
 2012 debt of $7
500 at a conversion price of $.000075.


 2013
 we issued 250
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2010 accrued interest of $18
750 at a conversion price of $.000075.


 we issued 100
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June
 2011 debt of $7
500 at a conversion price of $.000075.


 2013
 we issued 593
666
667
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of September
 2008 debt that was purchased in January
 2013 by another accredited
investor of $44
525 at a conversion price of $.000075.


 we issued 200
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of January
 2009 debt of $6
834 and accrued interest of $8
166 at a conversion
price of $.000075.


 2013
 we issued 593
600
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of September
 2008 debt that was purchased in January
 2013 by another accredited
investor of $44
520 at a conversion price of $.000075.


 we issued 402
960
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2010 accrued interest of $30
222 at a conversion price of $.000075.




 2010
 our Board of Directors
approved the issuance of 100 stock options to our Scientific Advisory Board at an exercise price of $300.00 that will expire in
five (5) years on March 11
 2015. We recorded the full compensation cost of $41
100 for these options in March
 2010. None of these
stock options have been exercised. In addition and on the same date
 we issued 150 stock options as a retainer for future services
from our outside legal counsel at an exercise price of $500.00 in which the options will expire in five (5) years on March 11
2015. We recorded the full compensation cost of $57
450 for these options in March
 2010. None of these options have been exercised.


 2010
 a registration that covers
the offering of an aggregated 7
500 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock was approved by the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors.
As such
 the 2010 Stock Compensation and Incentive Plan was created for employees
 directors
 consultants and other persons associated
with the Company in which awards of common stock and/or non-qualified stock options may be granted. During the fiscal year ended
March 31
 2011
 we issued 6
578 shares of common stock for a total of $161
000 for past due professional services and payroll in
which 3
000 shares were returned back to the plan
 leaving an available 3
922 shares to be issued in the future


 2011
 the Company&rsquo;s
Board of Directors approved the issuance of 54
204 non-qualified stock options to certain employees for the return of previously
issued shares of common stock that were issued for payment of past due expenses to be effective at December 31
 2011. The stock
options have an exercise price of $10.00
 full vesting rights and a life of five years. The Board of Directors intends to approve
a registration to cover an offering to include these stock options as well as certain other stock options (see below) in 2014/2015.
We recognized the full compensation expense of $12
656 at December 31
 2011 by using the Black-Scholes valuation model (27
102
009
-before stock split of 1 for 500 - x $.000467). No options have been exercised.


    
    


Note 11.&#9; Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit
(continued):

 Compensation and Incentive Plan
(continued):


 2013
 the stockholders holding
a majority voting rights of our Common Stock approved the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan by written consent without a meeting in accordance
with Delaware Law. This plan provides for the grant of stock awards to employees
 directors and consultants of the Company and
its affiliates covering an aggregate of 1
000
000 shares of its common stock. The number of shares of common stock available for
 of each year for a period of 9 years commencing
January 1
 2014 in an amount equal to the lesser of 5% of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on December 31
of the preceding calendar year or 30
000 shares. Revised number is now 1
030
000 as of March 31
 2014. No stock awards have been
granted as of March 31
 2014.


 the Company&rsquo;s
Board of Directors approved the issuance of 10
000
000 non-qualified stock options to certain employees and the two independent
Board Directors. The stock options have an exercise price of $.004
 full vesting rights and a life of five years. The Board of
Directors intends to approve a registration to cover an offering to include these stock options in 2014/2015. We recognized the
full compensation expense of $26
997 by using the Black-Scholes valuation model (10
000
000 x $.0026997). No options have been
exercised.




compensation cost over the requisite service period for the entire award in accordance with the provisions.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;As
all stock options were fully vested
 no estimate of forfeitures was required
 and compensation cost is fully recognized at the
time of grant and full vesting.&nbsp;&nbsp;We estimated the fair value of these stock options on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes-Merton
(BSM) option-pricing formula
 applying the following assumptions (before and after reverse stock split):


stock option plans for the year ended March 31
 2014 is presented below:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
60
180
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
60
180
    
    
    

    
10
000
000
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(1
804
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
10
058
376
    
    
    



    
    


Note 11 &ndash;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Stockholders&rsquo;
Deficit (continued)

 Compensation and Incentive Plan
(continued):


of the stock options are outstanding
 fully vested and exercisable for the year ended March 31
 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;As such
 all compensation
expense for the above options has been recognized
 and there is no unrecognized compensation expense to be recorded in the future.

Note 12 &ndash;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Income
Taxes:


benefit for its taxable losses during the period ending March 31
 2014 because there is no certainty that the Company will realize
those benefits. The components of the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities as of &nbsp;March 31
 2014 and 2013 are as
follows:



    
    
    

    
5
999
692
5
814
628

    
10
691
33
831

    
38
808
25
483

    
    
1
442

    
6
049
191
5
875
384

    
(6
049
191
(5
875
384

    
    
    

    
    
    



 2014 the Company has a
net tax operating loss of $20
614
000 that will be available to offset future taxable income
 if any. The use of net operating
loss carryforwards to reduce future income tax liabilities is subject to limitations
 and these amounts will begin to expire in
2028.


of the tax benefit at the federal statutory rate to the Company's&nbsp;effective rate for the period ending March 31
 2014 and
2013:



    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of federal deficit
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



tax returns for U.S. Federal and State of Florida purposes. The Company is not currently under any tax examination
 but the statute
of limitations has not yet expired because no federal or state tax returns have been filed since 2007. Therefore
 the Company generally
remains subject to examination of its U.S. Federal income tax returns for 2008 and subsequent years by the Internal Revenue Service.
In addition
 the Company also remains subject to examinations of its State of Florida tax returns for 2008 and subsequent years.


    
    


Note 13 &ndash;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Commitments
and Contingencies:




3
333 square feet at our new office in North Palm Beach
 Florida on January 3
 2013 with a lease term of three years with two years
as renewable terms. Starting February 1
 2013
 the minimum starting monthly base rent without sales tax was $1
602 plus monthly
operating expense for $2
670 for a monthly total of $4
272. The lease provides for annual 3% increases throughout its term.


new office lease
 based on the current adjusted minimum monthly amount of $4
320 and excluding variable common area maintenance
charges
 as of March 31
 2014
 are as follows:





    

    
    

    
51
940

    
52
540

    
53
146

    
44
730

    
    

    
202
356



 which also includes maintenance
and parking fees
 for the period ended March&nbsp;31
 2014 was $55
599.




 2008
 we signed a manufacturing
agreement with O-AT-KA Milk Products Cooperative
 Inc. for the production of future new products that are in the development stage.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
manufacturer shall manufacture
 package and ship such products.&nbsp;&nbsp;All products shall be purchased F.O.B.
 the facility
by the company.




 2009
 F&amp;M Merchant Group
LLC commenced a lawsuit in the state of Texas to recover the balance owed by us under a Sales Agent Agreement entered by the parties
on November 1
 2008.&nbsp;&nbsp;This agreement requires us to pay $5
000 per month and a 5% commission on all net sales. On September
3
 2009
 a final judgment by default was approved by the district court in Denton County
 Texas for a total sum of $22
348. This
claim has been recorded on the Company&rsquo;s records. &nbsp;Due to the lack of adequate capital financing
 we have not been able
to make any payments.&nbsp;&nbsp;We expect to resolve this matter as soon as practical.


 2009
 Tuttle Motor Sports
 Inc.
commenced a lawsuit in the state of Florida to recover the balance owed by us under a Letter of Agreement to sponsor a Top Fuel
Dragster for the 2008 NHRA racing season in the amount of $803
750. Out of this total amount
 only $300
000 is required to be paid
in cash with the remainder to be paid in shares of common stock. This amount had already been recorded in our records.&nbsp; During
May
 2010
 Tuttle Motor Sports
 Inc. dismissed the lawsuit without prejudice. Prior to that time
 the parties went through mediation
but were unable to settle. The likelihood of an unfavorable outcome cannot be evaluated as another lawsuit possibly could be filed
against the Company.


 2009
 CH Fulfillment Services
LLC commenced a lawsuit in the state of Alabama to recover past due amounts owed by us under a contract to provide shipping and
fulfillment services. The claim is for $2
106 plus interest and legal costs. This amount was already recorded on our records as
well as projected interest costs of $682 and estimated court costs of $307 for a total of $3
095. A process of garnishment by the
district court in Mobile County
 Alabama was approved on September 25
 2009 for the total amount of $3
095. On October 26
 2009
the same court authorized a garnishment process to pay $657 which was done as part payment of the total due amount. Current outstanding
balance due is $2
438. No other payments have been made.


 2013
 James N. Fuller
Jr. commenced a lawsuit in the state of Florida to recover past due amounts owed by us for rendered independent sales contracting
services. The claim was for $18
300 plus filing fee of $460. The $18
300 was already recorded on our records. Due to the lack of
adequate capital financing
 we have not been able to make any payments.&nbsp;&nbsp;We expect to resolve this matter as soon as
practical.


    
    


Note 13 &ndash;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Commitments
and Contingencies (continued):




 2013
 Beanpot Broadcastng
Corp.
 d/b/a WXRV-FM. commenced a lawsuit in the state of Massachusetts to recover past due amounts owed by us for rendered independent
sales contracting services. The claim was for $15
500 for past due services
 $4
169 in service charges
 $363 for prejudgment interest
and $200 court costs for a total of $20
232. The total $20
232 amount was already recorded on our records. On November 15
 2013
the Trial Court of Massachusetts entered a judgment for the plaintiff (&ldquo;Beanpot&rdquo;) for the total $20
232. Due to the
lack of adequate capital financing
 we have not been able to make any payments.&nbsp;&nbsp;We expect to resolve this matter as
soon as practical.


 2013
 we received an order
of the court from The Trial Court of Massachusetts
 Small Claims Session
 to attend a hearing to be scheduled on December 12
 2013
about a small claims amount of $5
000 from Marshfield Broadcasting Company
 Inc. to recover past due amounts. A total of $5
500
was already recorded on our records. On December 31
 2013
 judgment in the total amount of $5
238 was entered in favor of Marshfield
Broadcasting Inc. We expect to resolve this matter as soon as practical.


 2014
 Philip Terrano commenced
a lawsuit in the state of Florida to recover past due amounts owed by us for past compensation in the amount of approximately $17
000.
We disagree with this amount as our records reflect a total amount owed of $6
974. On May 28
 2014
 we entered into a settlement
agreement with Terrano to pay him a total of $11
000
 to be remitted 60 days of the effective date of this agreement. Due to a
lack of capital financing
 we expect to resolve this matter as soon as we can.


 2014
 North Palm Beach Broadcasting
Company d/b/a/ WSVU-AM Radio filed a lawsuit in the state of Florida to recover past due services owed by us in the amount of $22
000
that is due with interest. We do not agree with that amount as we did make various payments in 2013 that totaled $8000. We are
working with that party to arrive at a mutual agreeable outstanding amount if any. We do not have any other outstanding balance
that is recorded on our records. On August 6
 2014
 we received a Default Final Judgment from Palm Beach County Circuit Court in
Florida for a total amount of $23
 411. We are still contesting that amount and will resolve the matter as soon as possible.


 2014
 Innerworkings
 Inc. filed
a lawsuit in the state of Florida to recover past due services owed by us in the amount of $5
039 that is due with interest. This
same amount has already been recorded on our records. We expect to address this issue as soon as practical.


 2014
 C.A. Courtesy Demos
Inc. commenced a lawsuit in the state of Florida to recover past due amounts owed by us for rendered services. The claim was for
$5
803. We do not agree with this amount and have not recorded this amount on our records as services were supposed to be rendered
but a hurricane in the northeastern section of the United States occurred at that given time. We expect to resolve this matter
as soon as practical.


 2014
 Pavilion
Law Center
 LLC filed a motion in the circuit court of Palm Beach County
 Florida to enforce a settlement agreement for past
due fees. We are contesting some of the amounts and will resolve this matter as soon as practical.

Note 14 &ndash;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Subsequent
Events


 2014
 we issued a convertible
note to Southridge Partners II LP for $25
000 for their April
 2014 consulting services.


 2014
 we issued 15
912
500
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $6
365 at a conversion
price of $.004.


 2014
 we issued 8
000
000 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $3
200 at a conversion
price of $.004.


 2014
 we issued 12
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $4
800 at a conversion
price of $.004.


 2014
 we issued 9
067
500 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion of accrued interest payable for $3
627 at a conversion price of $.004.


 2014
 we issued a promissory
note for $12
000 with no interest with a maturity date of March 31
 2015.


 2014
 we issued a convertible
note to Southridge Partners II LP for $25
000 for their May
 2014 consulting services.&nbsp;



    
    


Note 14 &ndash;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Subsequent
Events (continued)


 2014
 we entered into an allonge
number 17 to a secured note issued February 21
 2013 in the amount of $27
500 less a finder&rsquo;s fee of $2
500 for net
proceeds received in the amount of $25
000.


 2014
 we issued 10
000
000 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $5
000 at a conversion
price of $.0005.


 2014
 we issued another 10
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $5
000 at a conversion
price of $.0005.


 2014
 we issued 22
441
780 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $6
925 at a conversion
price of $.0005.


 2014
 we issued 11
312
000 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion of accrued interest payable for $5
656 at a conversion price of $.0005.


 2014
 we issued to a new accredited
investor a convertible note payable in the amount of $35
200 with an interest rate of 4% with a maturity date of May 13
 2015.


 2014
 we issued 9
600
000 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $4
800 at a conversion
price of $.0005.


 2014
 we issued 26
628
740 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $13
250 at a conversion
price of $.0005.


 2014
 we issued 12
000
000 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $6
000 at a conversion
price of $.0005.


 2014
 we issued 12
000
000 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $6
000 at a conversion
price of $.0005.


 2014
 we issued 12
000
000 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion of accrued interest payable for $4
800 at a conversion price of $.0004.


 2014
 we issued 14
000
000 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $5
600 at a conversion
price of $.0004.


 2014
 we issued another 14
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $5
600 at a conversion
price of $.0004.


 2014
 we issued another 14
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $5
600 at a conversion
price of $.0004.


 2014
 we issued 26
644
475 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $11
200 at a conversion
price of $.0004.


 2014
 we issued a convertible
note to Southridge Partners II LP for $25
000 for their June
 2014 consulting services.


 2014
 we issued 15
000
000 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $6
000 at a conversion
price of $.0004.


 we issued 14
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $5
600 at a
conversion price of $.0004.


 2014
 we issued 15
800
000 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion of accrued interest payable for $6
320 at a conversion price of $.0004.


 2014
 we issued 14
000
000 shares
of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $5
600 at a conversion
price of $.0004.


 2014
 we issued promissory
notes with no interest rate with a maturity date of February 28
 2015 to 4 accredited investors for a total of $40
000 ($10
000
to each investor).


    
    


Note 14 &ndash;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Subsequent
Events (continued)


 2014
 we issued 18
136
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of accrued interest payable for $9
068 at a conversion price of $.0005.


 2014
 we issued 20
000
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $10
000 at a
conversion price of $.0005.


 2014
 we issued 26
642
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $13
300 and $21
accrued interest payable at a conversion price of $.0005.


 2014
 we issued a convertible
note to Southridge Partners II LP for $25
000 for their July
 2014 consulting services.


 2014
 we entered into an allonge
number 18 to a secured note issued February 21
 2013 in the amount of $25
000.


 2014
 we issued a promissory
note payable to an accredited investor in the amount of $15
000 with no interest rate and with a maturity date of May 31
 2015.


 2014
 we issued a convertible
note to Southridge Partners II LP for $25
000 for their August
 2014 consulting services.


 2014
 we issued 26
655
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $5
310 and $21
accrued interest payable at a conversion price of $.0002.


 2014
 we issued a promissory
note payable to an accredited investor in the amount of $10
000 with no interest rate and with a maturity date of May 31
 2015.


 2014
 we issued 56
546
850
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $11
275 and $34
accrued interest payable at a conversion price of $.0002.


 2014
 we issued a promissory
note payable to an accredited investor in the amount of $10
000 with no interest rate and with a maturity date of August 31
 2015.


 2014
 we issued a convertible
note to Southridge Partners II LP for $25
000 for their September
 2014 consulting services.


 2014
 we issued a promissory
note payable to an accredited investor in the amount of $10.000 with no interest rate.


 2014
 we issued a promissory
note payable to an accredited investor in the amount of $15
000 with no interest rate with a maturity date of August 31
 2015.


 2014 we issued a second
promissory note payable to an accredited investor in the amount of $15
000 with no interest rate with a maturity date of August
31
 2015.


 2014
 we issued a convertible
note to Southridge Partners II LP for $25
000 for their October
 2014 consulting services.


 2014
 we issued a convertible
note to Southridge Partners II LP for $25
000 for their November
 2014 consulting services.


 we issued a promissory
note payable to an accredited investor in the amount of $25
000 with no interest rate.


 2014
 we issued a convertible
note to Southridge Partners II LP for $25
000 for their December
 2014 consulting services.


 2014
 we issued a convertible
note to one of our debt holders for $20
000 with a 10% interest rate and maturity date of December 22
2015 for past due services.


 2014
 we issued a promissory
note to one of our debt holders for $31
500 with no interest rate and a maturity date of December 19
 2015.


    
    


Note 14 &ndash;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Subsequent
Events (continued)


 2014
 we formed a new subsidiary
which is called Attitude Beer Holding Co. On the same date
 Attitude Drinks Incorporated and Attitude Beer Holding Co. entered
into a joint venture with New England WOB
 LLC to develop franchises for World of Beer Franchising in all of Connecticut and the
greater Boston area. We paid $300
000 as part of the total $1
200
000 for a new franchise in West Hartford
 Connecticut with $300
000
to paid each month starting in January
 2015 until the remaining $900
000 amount is paid.
 We paid the first $300
000 through newly
issued convertible notes to our key accredited investors under Attitude Beer Holding Co.


 2015
 we issued a convertible
note to Southridge Partners II LP for $25
000 for their January
 2015 consulting services.


 2015
 we issued 62
500
000
shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the December 1
 2012 convertible note payable for $25
000 at a conversion price
of $.0004.


 we issued three convertible
notes for a total of $58
500 to 3 accredited debt holders with an interest rate of 10% and a maturity date of January 15
 2017.


 2015
 our subsidiary
 Attitude
Beer Holding Co.
 issued two convertible notes to two accredited investors for a total of $300
000 which the received funds were
used to pay the second installment payments for the investment in the World of Beer franchise in West Hartford
 Connecticut. In
addition
 these two accredited investors received Class A Common Stock Purchase Warrants with an expiration date of seven years
for a number of shares equal to the number of shares the debt holder could acquire upon the complete conversion of the Notes issued
to them. The purchase price shall be equal to the conversion price of the convertible note.


 2015
 we issued a convertible
note to Southridge Partners II LP for $25
000 for their February
 2015 consulting services.


    














     






NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE BEEN
REGISTERED WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE OR UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED. THE SECURITIES ARE RESTRICTED AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED
 RESOLD
 PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED
UNDER THE ACT PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION OR SAFE HARBOR THEREFROM.



    
US $25
000.00


ATTITUDE
DRINKS INCORPORATED 


 2015


of up to $25
000.00 of ATTITUDE DRINKS INCORPORATED
 a Delaware corporation and located at 712 U.S. Highway 1
 Suite #200
 North
Palm Beach
 Florida 33408 (the &quot;Company&quot;) designated as its Note
 pursuant to the Consulting Agreement entered into by
the Company and the Holder as of July 19
 2012.


the Company promises to pay to SOUTHRIDGE PARTNERS II
 LP
 the registered holder hereof (the &quot;Holder&quot;)
 the principal
sum of twenty five thousand and 00/100 Dollars (US $25
000.00) on August 31
 2015 (the &quot;Maturity Date&quot;). The principal
of this Note is payable at the option of the Holder at any time after the Maturity Date
 in shares of the Company's common stock
$.00001 par value per share (&quot;Common Stock&quot;) as set forth below
 or in United States dollars
 at the address last appearing
on the Note Register of the Company as designated in writing by the Holder. The Company will pay the outstanding principal amount
of this Note in cash on the Maturity Date to the registered holder of this Note. The forwarding of such wire transfer shall constitute
a payment hereunder and shall satisfy and discharge the liability for principal on this Note to the extent of the sum represented
by such check or wire transfer plus any amounts so deducted.




Note is issuable in denominations of Ten Thousand Dollars (US$10
000) and integral multiples thereof
 provided that the number
of shares to be issued upon conversion is a minimum of 3
000 (unless if at the time of election to convert the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon conversion is less than 3
000). The Note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate principal amount
of Note of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be made
for such registration or transfer or exchange.


    
    



of this Note is entitled any time after the Maturity Date
 subject to the following provisions
 to convert all or a portion of
the principal amount of this Note into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price for each share of Common Stock equal to the
Current Market Price multiplied by eighty percent (80%) (the &quot;Conversion Price&quot;). &quot;Current Market Price&quot; means
the average of the closing bid prices for the Common Stock as reported by Bloomberg
 LP or
 if not so reported
 as reported on
the over-the-counter market
 for the five (5) trading days ending on the trading day immediately before the relevant Conversion
Date (as defined below). The amount of shares issuable pursuant to a conversion shall equal the principal amount (or portion thereof)
of the Note to be converted
 divided by the Conversion Price.


effectuated by surrendering the Note to the Company
 accompanied by or preceded by facsimile or other delivery to the Company of
the form of conversion notice attached hereto as Exhibit A
 executed by the Holder evidencing such Holder's intention to convert
a specified portion hereof No fractional shares of Common Stock or scrip representing fractions of shares will be issued on conversion
but the number of shares issuable shall be rounded to the nearest whole share. The date on which notice of conversion is given
(the &quot;Conversion Date&quot;) shall be deemed to be the date on which the Holder faxes or otherwise delivers the conversion
notice (&quot;Notice of Conversion&quot;)
 substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A
 duly executed
 to the Company.
)
 Certificates representing Common Stock upon conversion will be delivered within three (3)
business days from the Conversion Date. (&quot;Delivery Date&quot;)


that a delay in the issuance of the Shares of Common Stock beyond the Delivery Date (as defined in this Section) could result in
economic loss to the Holder. As compensation to the Holder for such loss
 the Company agrees to pay late payments to the Holder
for late issuance of Shares upon Conversion
 unless the delay is due to causes beyond the reasonable control of the Company or
the Transfer Agent
 in accordance with the following schedule (where &quot;No. Business Days Late&quot; refers to the number of
business days which is beyond three (3)) business days after the Delivery Date):'



    
Late
    Payment For Each $10
000

    
of
    Note Principal or Interest

No.
    Business Days Late
Amount
    Being Converted

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
1
000

    
$1
000+$200
    for each Business Day Late beyond 10 days




    
    



any payments incurred under this Section in immediately available funds upon demand as the Holder's remedy for such delay. Furthermore
in addition to any other remedies which may be available to the Holder
 in the event that the Company fails for any reason to effect
delivery of such shares of Common Stock by close of business on the Delivery Date
 unless such failure is due to causes beyond
the Company's reasonable control or that of its Transfer Agent
 the Holder will be entitled to revoke the relevant Notice of Conversion
by delivering a notice to such effect to the Company
 whereupon the Company and the Holder shall each be restored to their respective
positions immediately prior to delivery of such Notice of Conversion; provided
 however
 that an amount equal to any payments contemplated
by this Section which have accrued through the date of such revocation notice shall remain due and owing to the Converting Holder
notwithstanding such revocation.


 by the relevant
Delivery Date
 the Company fails
 unless such failure is due to causes beyond the Company's reasonable control or that of its Transfer
Agent
 for any reason to deliver the Shares to be issued upon conversion of the Note and after such Delivery Date
 the Holder of
the Note being converted (a &quot;Converting Holder&quot;) purchases
 in an arm's-length open market transaction or otherwise
shares of Common Stock (the &quot;Covering Shares&quot;) in order to make delivery in satisfaction of a sale of Common Stock by
the Converting Holder (the &quot;Sold Shares&quot;)
 which delivery such Converting Holder anticipated to make using the Shares
to be issued upon such conversion (a &quot;Buy-In&quot;)
 the Converting Holder shall have the right
 to require the Company to
pay to the Converting Holder
 in addition to and not in lieu of the amounts due hereunder (but in addition to all other amounts
contemplated in other provisions of the Transaction Agreements
 and not in lieu of any such other amounts)
 the Buy-In Adjustment
Amount (as defined below). The &quot;Buy-hi Adjustment Amount&quot; is the amount equal to the excess
 if any
 of (x) the Converting
Holder's total purchase price (including brokerage commissions
 if any) for the Covering Shares over (y) the net proceeds (after
brokerage commissions
 if any) received by the Converting Holder from the sale of the Sold Shares. The Company shall pay the Buy-In
Adjustment Amount to the Company in immediately available funds immediately upon demand by the Converting Holder. By way of illustration
and not in limitation of the foregoing
 if the Converting Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price
(including brokerage commissions) of $11
000 to cover a Buy-1n with respect to shares of Common Stock it sold for net proceeds
of $10
000
 the Buy-In Adjustment Amount which Company will be required to pay to the Converting Holder will be $1
000.


    
    


In lieu of
 conversion
 provided the Company's Transfer Agent is participating in the Depository
Trust Company (&quot;DTC&quot;) Fast Automated Securities Transfer program
 upon request of the Holder and its compliance with
the provisions contained in this paragraph
 so long as the certificates therefore do not bear a legend and the Holder thereof is
not obligated to return such certificate for the placement of a legend thereon
 the Company shall use its best efforts to cause
its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable upon conversion to the Holder by crediting the account
of Holder's Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system.

The
Holder of the Note shall be entitled to exercise its conversion privilege with respect to the Note notwithstanding the commencement
 (the &quot;Bankruptcy Code&quot;). In
the event the Company is a debtor under the Bankruptcy Code
 the Company hereby waives
 to the fullest extent permitted
 any rights
to relief it may have under 11 U. S .C. &sect;362 in respect of such holder's conversion privilege. The Company hereby waives
to the fullest extent permitted
 any rights to relief it may have under 11 U.S.C. &sect;362 in respect of the conversion of the
Note.


Note has been issued subject to investment representations of the original purchaser hereof and may be transferred or exchanged
only in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &quot;Act&quot;)
 and other applicable state and foreign securities
laws. In the event of any proposed transfer of this Note
 the Company may require
 prior to issuance of a new Note in the name
of such other person
 that it receive reasonable transfer documentation including legal opinions that the issuance of the Note
in such other name does not and will not cause a violation of the Act or any applicable state or foreign securities laws. Prior
to due presentment for transfer of this Note
 the Company and any agent of the Company may treat the person in whose name this
Note is duly registered on the Company's Note Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided
and for all other purposes
 whether or not this Note be overdue
 and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected by
notice to the contrary.


provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company
 which is absolute and unconditional
 to pay the principal
of this Note at the time
 place
 and rate
 and in the coin or currency
 herein prescribed. This Note is a direct obligation of
the Company.


Holder of the Note
 by acceptance hereof
 agrees that this Note is being acquired for investment and that such Holder will not
offer
 sell or otherwise dispose of this Note or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof except under circumstances
which will not result in a violation of the Act or any applicable state Blue Sky or foreign laws or similar laws relating to the
sale of securities.


Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut. Each of the parties consents to
the jurisdiction of the federal or state courts whose districts encompass any part of the State of Connecticut in connection with
any dispute arising under this Note and hereby waives
 to the maximum extent permitted by law
 any objection
 including any objection

 


    
    



Each of the parties hereby waives the right to a trial by jury in connection with any dispute arising under this
Note.


of Default&quot;:


The Company shall default in the payment of principal and interest on this Note and same shall
continue for a period of five (5) days; or


Any of the representations or warranties made by the Company herein
 in any certificate or financial
or other written statements heretofore or hereafter furnished by the Company in connection with the execution and delivery of this
Note shall be false or misleading in any material respect at the time made; or


The Company shall fail to perform or observe
 in any material respect
 any other covenant
 term
provision
 condition
 agreement or obligation of any Note and such failure shall continue uncured for a period of thirty (30) days
after written notice from the Holder of such failure; or


The Company fails to authorize or to cause its Transfer Agent to issue shares of Common Stock upon
exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note
 fails to transfer or to
cause its Transfer Agent to transfer any certificate for shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of this Note
and when required by this Note
 and such transfer is otherwise lawful
 or fails to remove any restrictive legend on any certificate
or fails to cause its Transfer Agent to remove such restricted legend
 in each case where such removal is lawful
 as and when required
by this Note
 the Agreement
 and any such failure shall continue uncured for ten (10) business days; or


The Company shall (1) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they mature;
(2) make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or commence proceedings for its dissolution; or (3) apply for or consent to
the appointment of a trustee
 liquidator or receiver for its or for a substantial part of its property or business; or


A trustee
 liquidator or receiver shall be appointed for the Company or for a substantial part
of its property or business without its consent and shall not be discharged within sixty (60) days after such appointment; or


Any governmental agency or any court of competent jurisdiction at the instance of any governmental
whole
or any substantial portion of the properties or assets of the Company and shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days thereafter;
or


    
    



Any money judgment
 writ or warrant of attachment
 or
similar process in excess of Two Hundred Thousand ($200
000) Dollars in the aggregate shall be entered or filed against the Company
or any of its properties or other assets and shall remain unpaid
 unvacated
 unbonded or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days




 reorganization
 insolvency
or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall
be instituted by or against the Company and
 if instituted against the Company
 shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days after
such institution or the Company shall by any action or answer approve of; consent to
 or acquiesce in any such proceedings or admit
the material allegations of
 or default in answering a petition filed in any such proceeding; or


Stock suspended or delisted from an exchange or over-the-counter market from trading for in excess of five trading days.


 or at any time
thereafter
 and in each and every such case
 unless such Event of Default shall have been waived in writing by the Holder (which
waiver shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent default) at the option of the Holder and in the Holders sole discretion
the Holder may consider all obligations under this Note immediately due and payable within five (5) days of notice
 without presentment
demand
 protest or notice of any kinds
 all of which are hereby expressly waived
 anything herein or in any note or other instruments
contained to the contrary notwithstanding
 and the Holder may immediately enforce any and all of the Holders rights and remedies
provided herein or any other rights or remedies afforded by law.


not convert this Note to the extent such conversion would result in the Holder
 together with any affiliate thereof
 beneficially
owning (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder) in excess of 9.999%
of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock held by such Holder after application of this Section. Since the Holder
will not be obligated to report to the Company the number of shares of Common Stock it may hold at the time of a conversion hereunder
unless the conversion at issue would result in the issuance of shares of Common Stock in excess of 9.999% of the then outstanding
shares of Common Stock without regard to any other shares which may be beneficially owned by the Holder or an affiliate thereof;
the Holder shall have the authority and obligation to determine whether the restriction contained in this Section will limit any
particular conversion hereunder and to the extent that the Holder determines that the limitation contained in this Section applies
the determination of which portion of the principal amount of Note are convertible shall be the responsibility and obligation of
the Holder. If the Holder has delivered a Conversion Notice for a principal amount of Note that would result in the issuance of
in excess of the permitted amount hereunder
 without regard to any other shares that the Holder or its affiliates may beneficially
own
 the Company shall notify the Holder of this fact and shall honor the conversion for the maximum principal amount permitted
to be converted on such Conversion Date and
 at the option of the Holder
 either retain any principal amount tendered for conversion
in excess of the permitted amount hereunder for future conversions or return such excess principal amount to the Holder. The provisions
of this Section may be waived by a Holder (but only as to itself and not to any other Holder) upon not less than 65 days prior
notice to the Company. Other Holders shall be unaffected by any such waiver.



    
    



contained in this Note shall be construed as conferring upon the Holder the right to vote or to receive dividends or to consent
or receive notice as a shareholder in respect of any meeting of shareholders or any rights whatsoever as a shareholder of the
Company
 unless and to the extent converted in accordance with the terms hereof.


S WHEREOF
 the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized.


 2014




    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    







    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    





    
















     







WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE OR UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT
OF 1933
 AS AMENDED. THE SECURITIES ARE RESTRICTED AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED
 RESOLD
 PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER
THE ACT PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION OR SAFE HARBOR THEREFROM.



    
    
    
US $ 12
000




 2015


000.00

 


 the Company promises
to pay to Southridge Partners II LP

 
thousand and 00/100 Dollars (US $12
000.00) on March 31
The principal of this Note
is payable in United States dollars
 at the address last appearing on the Note Register of the Company as designated in writing
by the Holder. The Company will pay the outstanding principal amount of this Note in cash on the Maturity Date to the registered
holder of this Note. The forwarding of such wire transfer shall constitute a payment hereunder and shall satisfy and discharge
the liability for principal on this Note to the extent of the sum represented by such check or wire transfer plus any amounts so
deducted.




Note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate principal amount of Note of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the
Holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be made for such registration or transfer or exchange.




Note has been issued subject to investment representations of the original purchaser hereof and may be transferred or exchanged
only in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &quot;Act&quot;)
 and other applicable state and foreign securities
laws. In the event of any proposed transfer of this Note
 the Company may require
 prior to issuance of a new Note in the name
of such other person
 that it receive reasonable transfer documentation including legal opinions that the issuance of the Note
in such other name does not and will not cause a violation of the Act or any applicable state or foreign securities laws. Prior
to due presentment for transfer of this Note
 the Company and any agent of the Company may treat the person in whose name this
Note is duly registered on the Company's Note Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided
and for all other purposes
 whether or not this Note be overdue
 and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected by
notice to the contrary.


    
    



provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company
 which is absolute and unconditional
 to pay the principal
of this Note at the time
 place
 and rate
 and in the coin or currency
 herein prescribed. This Note is a direct obligation of
the Company.


Holder of the Note
 by acceptance hereof
 agrees that this Note is being acquired for investment and that such Holder will not
offer
 sell or otherwise dispose of this Note except under circumstances which will not result in a violation of the Act or any
applicable state Blue Sky or foreign laws or similar laws relating to the sale of securities.


Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. Each of the parties consents to the
jurisdiction of the federal courts whose districts encompass any part of the City of New York or the state courts of the State
of New York sitting in the City of New York in connection with any dispute arising under this Note and hereby waives
 to the maximum
extent permitted by law
 any objection

 
proceeding in such jurisdictions. Each of the parties hereby waives the right to a trial by jury in connection with any dispute
arising under this Note.


following shall constitute an &quot;Event of Default&quot;:


Company shall default in the payment of principal on this Note and same shall continue for a period of five (5) days; or


of the representations or warranties made by the Company herein
 in any certificate or financial or other written statements heretofore
or hereafter furnished by the Company in connection with the execution and delivery of this Note shall be false or misleading in
any material respect at the time made; or


Company shall fail to perform or observe
 in any material respect
 any other covenant
 tem
 provision
 condition
 agreement or
obligation of any Note and such failure shall continue uncured for a period of thirty (30) days after written notice from the Holder
of such failure; or


    
    





Company shall (1) make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or commence proceedings for its dissolution; or (2) apply for
or consent to the appointment of a trustee
 liquidator or receiver for its or for a substantial part of its property or business;
or


trustee
 liquidator or receiver shall be appointed for the Company or for a substantial part of its property or business without
its consent and shall not be discharged within sixty (60) days after such appointment; or


governmental agency or any court of competent jurisdiction at the instance of any governmental agency shall assume custody or control
of the whole or any substantial portion of the properties or assets of the Company and shall not be dismissed within sixty (60)
days thereafter; or


money judgment
 writ or warrant of attachment
 or similar process in excess of Two Hundred Thousand ($200
000) Dollars in the aggregate
shall be entered or filed against the Company or any of its properties or other assets and shall remain unpaid
 unvacated
 unbonded
or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days or in any event later than five (5) days prior to the date of any proposed sale thereunder;
or


 reorganization
 insolvency
or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall
be instituted by or against the Company and
 if instituted against the Company
 shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days after
such institution or the Company shall by any action or answer approve of
 consent to
 or acquiesce in any such proceedings or admit
the material allegations of
 or default in answering a petition filed in any such proceeding; or


 or at any time thereafter
 and in
each and every such case
 unless such Event of Default shall have been waived in writing by the Holder (which waiver shall not
be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent default) at the option of the Holder and in the Holder's sole discretion
 the Holder
may consider all obligations under this Note immediately due and payable within five (5) days of notice
 without presentment
 demand
protest or notice of any kinds
 all of which are hereby expressly waived
 anything herein or in any note or other instruments contained
to the contrary notwithstanding
 and the Holder may immediately enforce any and all of the Holder's rights and remedies provided
herein or any other rights or remedies afforded by law.


    
    



the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized.


 2014





    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    



    














     





NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE BEEN
REGISTERED WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE OR UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED. THE SECURITIES ARE RESTRICTED AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED
 RESOLD
 PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED
UNDER THE ACT PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION OR SAFE HARBOR THEREFROM.



    
US $25
000.00


ATTITUDE
DRINKS INCORPORATED 


 2015



of up to $25
000.00 of ATTITUDE DRINKS INCORPORATED
 a Delaware corporation and located at 712 U.S. Highway 1
 Suite #200
 North
Palm Beach
 Florida 33408 (the &quot;Company&quot;) designated as its Note
 pursuant to the Consulting Agreement entered into by
the Company and the Holder as of July 19
 2012.


the Company promises to pay to SOUTHRIDGE PARTNERS II
 LP
 the registered holder hereof (the &quot;Holder&quot;)
 the principal
sum of twenty five thousand and 00/100 Dollars (US $25
000.00) on September 30
 2015 (the &quot;Maturity Date&quot;). The principal
of this Note is payable at the option of the Holder at any time after the Maturity Date
 in shares of the Company's common stock
$.00001 par value per share (&quot;Common Stock&quot;) as set forth below
 or in United States dollars
 at the address last appearing
on the Note Register of the Company as designated in writing by the Holder. The Company will pay the outstanding principal amount
of this Note in cash on the Maturity Date to the registered holder of this Note. The forwarding of such wire transfer shall constitute
a payment hereunder and shall satisfy and discharge the liability for principal on this Note to the extent of the sum represented
by such check or wire transfer plus any amounts so deducted.




Note is issuable in denominations of Ten Thousand Dollars (US$10
000) and integral multiples thereof
 provided that the
number of shares to be issued upon conversion is a minimum of 3
000 (unless if at the time of election to convert the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion is less than 3
000). The Note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate
principal amount of Note of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service
charge will be made for such registration or transfer or exchange.


    
    



Holder of this Note is entitled any time after the Maturity Date
 subject to the following provisions
 to convert all or a
portion of the principal amount of this Note into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price for each share of Common Stock
equal to the Current Market Price multiplied by eighty percent (80%) (the &quot;Conversion Price&quot;). &quot;Current Market
Price&quot; means the average of the closing bid prices for the Common Stock as reported by Bloomberg
 LP or
 if not so
reported
 as reported on the over-the-counter market
 for the five (5) trading days ending on the trading day immediately
before the relevant Conversion Date (as defined below). The amount of shares issuable pursuant to a conversion shall equal
the principal amount (or portion thereof) of the Note to be converted
 divided by the Conversion Price.


effectuated by surrendering the Note to the Company
 accompanied by or preceded by facsimile or other delivery to the Company of
the form of conversion notice attached hereto as Exhibit A
 executed by the Holder evidencing such Holder's intention to convert
a specified portion hereof No fractional shares of Common Stock or scrip representing fractions of shares will be issued on conversion
but the number of shares issuable shall be rounded to the nearest whole share. The date on which notice of conversion is given
(the &quot;Conversion Date&quot;) shall be deemed to be the date on which the Holder faxes or otherwise delivers the conversion
notice (&quot;Notice of Conversion&quot;)
 substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A
 duly executed
 to the Company.
)
 Certificates representing Common Stock upon conversion will be delivered within three (3)
business days from the Conversion Date. (&quot;Delivery Date&quot;)


that a delay in the issuance of the Shares of Common Stock beyond the Delivery Date (as defined in this Section) could result in
economic loss to the Holder. As compensation to the Holder for such loss
 the Company agrees to pay late payments to the Holder
for late issuance of Shares upon Conversion
 unless the delay is due to causes beyond the reasonable control of the Company or
the Transfer Agent
 in accordance with the following schedule (where &quot;No. Business Days Late&quot; refers to the number of
business days which is beyond three (3)) business days after the Delivery Date):'



    
Late&nbsp;Payment&nbsp;For&nbsp;Each&nbsp;$10
000
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
1
000

    
$1
000+$200 for each Business Day Late beyond 10 days



    
    



any payments incurred under this Section in immediately available funds upon demand as the Holder's remedy for such delay. Furthermore
in addition to any other remedies which may be available to the Holder
 in the event that the Company fails for any reason to effect
delivery of such shares of Common Stock by close of business on the Delivery Date
 unless such failure is due to causes beyond
the Company's reasonable control or that of its Transfer Agent
 the Holder will be entitled to revoke the relevant Notice of Conversion
by delivering a notice to such effect to the Company
 whereupon the Company and the Holder shall each be restored to their respective
positions immediately prior to delivery of such Notice of Conversion; provided
 however
 that an amount equal to any payments contemplated
by this Section which have accrued through the date of such revocation notice shall remain due and owing to the Converting Holder
notwithstanding such revocation.


 by the relevant
Delivery Date
 the Company fails
 unless such failure is due to causes beyond the Company's reasonable control or that of its Transfer
Agent
 for any reason to deliver the Shares to be issued upon conversion of the Note and after such Delivery Date
 the Holder of
the Note being converted (a &quot;Converting Holder&quot;) purchases
 in an arm's-length open market transaction or otherwise
shares of Common Stock (the &quot;Covering Shares&quot;) in order to make delivery in satisfaction of a sale of Common Stock by
the Converting Holder (the &quot;Sold Shares&quot;)
 which delivery such Converting Holder anticipated to make using the Shares
to be issued upon such conversion (a &quot;Buy-In&quot;)
 the Converting Holder shall have the right
 to require the Company to
pay to the Converting Holder
 in addition to and not in lieu of the amounts due hereunder (but in addition to all other amounts
contemplated in other provisions of the Transaction Agreements
 and not in lieu of any such other amounts)
 the Buy-In Adjustment
Amount (as defined below). The &quot;Buy-hi Adjustment Amount&quot; is the amount equal to the excess
 if any
 of (x) the Converting
Holder's total purchase price (including brokerage commissions
 if any) for the Covering Shares over (y) the net proceeds (after
brokerage commissions
 if any) received by the Converting Holder from the sale of the Sold Shares. The Company shall pay the Buy-In
Adjustment Amount to the Company in immediately available funds immediately upon demand by the Converting Holder. By way of illustration
and not in limitation of the foregoing
 if the Converting Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price
(including brokerage commissions) of $11
000 to cover a Buy-1n with respect to shares of Common Stock it sold for net proceeds
of $10
000
 the Buy-In Adjustment Amount which Company will be required to pay to the Converting Holder will be $1
000.


    
    



physical certificates representing the Common Stock issuable upon conversion
provided the Company's Transfer Agent is participating in the Depository Trust Company (&quot;DTC&quot;) Fast Automated Securities
Transfer program
 upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions contained in this paragraph
 so long as the
certificates therefore do not bear a legend and the Holder thereof is not obligated to return such certificate for the placement
of a legend thereon
 the Company shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common Stock
issuable upon conversion to the Holder by crediting the account of Holder's Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal
Agent Commission system.

The
Holder of the Note shall be entitled to exercise its conversion privilege with respect to the Note notwithstanding the commencement
 (the &quot;Bankruptcy Code&quot;). In
the event the Company is a debtor under the Bankruptcy Code
 the Company hereby waives
 to the fullest extent permitted
 any rights
to relief it may have under 11 U. S .C. &sect;362 in respect of such holder's conversion privilege. The Company hereby waives
to the fullest extent permitted
 any rights to relief it may have under 11 U.S.C. &sect;362 in respect of the conversion of the
Note.


Note has been issued subject to investment representations of the original purchaser hereof and may be transferred or exchanged
only in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &quot;Act&quot;)
 and other applicable state and foreign securities
laws. In the event of any proposed transfer of this Note
 the Company may require
 prior to issuance of a new Note in the name
of such other person
 that it receive reasonable transfer documentation including legal opinions that the issuance of the Note
in such other name does not and will not cause a violation of the Act or any applicable state or foreign securities laws. Prior
to due presentment for transfer of this Note
 the Company and any agent of the Company may treat the person in whose name this
Note is duly registered on the Company's Note Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided
and for all other purposes
 whether or not this Note be overdue
 and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected by
notice to the contrary.


provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company
 which is absolute and unconditional
 to pay the principal
of this Note at the time
 place
 and rate
 and in the coin or currency
 herein prescribed. This Note is a direct obligation of
the Company.


Holder of the Note
 by acceptance hereof
 agrees that this Note is being acquired for investment and that such Holder will not
offer
 sell or otherwise dispose of this Note or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof except under circumstances
which will not result in a violation of the Act or any applicable state Blue Sky or foreign laws or similar laws relating to the
sale of securities.

Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut. Each of the parties consents to
the jurisdiction of the federal or state courts whose districts encompass any part of the State of Connecticut in connection with
any dispute arising under this Note and hereby waives
 to the maximum extent permitted by law
 any objection
 including any objection

 

    
    



of the parties hereby waives the right to a trial by jury in connection with any dispute arising under this Note.


following shall constitute an &quot;Event of Default&quot;:


The Company shall default in the payment of principal




Any of the representations or warranties made by the
Company herein
 in any certificate or financial or other written statements heretofore or hereafter furnished by the Company in
connection with the execution and delivery of this Note shall be false or misleading in any material respect at the time made;




The Company shall fail to perform or observe
 in any
material respect
 any other covenant
 term
 provision
 condition
 agreement or obligation of any Note and such failure shall continue




The Company fails to authorize or to cause its Transfer
Agent to issue shares of Common Stock upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the
terms of this Note
 fails to transfer or to cause its Transfer Agent to transfer any certificate for shares of Common Stock issued
to the Holder upon conversion of this Note and when required by this Note
 and such transfer is otherwise lawful
 or fails to
remove any restrictive legend on any certificate or fails to cause its Transfer Agent to remove such restricted legend
 in each
case where such removal is lawful
 as and when required by this Note
 the Agreement
 and any such failure shall continue uncured




The Company shall (1) admit in writing its inability
to pay its debts generally as they mature; (2) make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or commence proceedings for its
dissolution; or (3) apply for or consent to the appointment of a trustee
 liquidator or receiver for its or for a substantial




A trustee
 liquidator or receiver shall be appointed
for the Company or for a substantial part of its property or business without its consent and shall not be discharged within sixty



Any governmental agency or any court of competent jurisdiction

portion of the properties or assets of the Company and shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days thereafter; or



    
    




judgment
 writ or warrant of attachment
 or similar process in excess of Two Hundred Thousand ($200
000) Dollars in the aggregate
shall be entered or filed against the Company or any of its properties or other assets and shall remain unpaid
 unvacated
 unbonded
or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days or in any event later than five (5) days prior to the date of any proposed sale thereunder;
or



 reorganization
 insolvency
or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall
be instituted by or against the Company and
 if instituted against the Company
 shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days after
such institution or the Company shall by any action or answer approve of; consent to
 or acquiesce in any such proceedings or admit
the material allegations of
 or default in answering a petition filed in any such proceeding; or


Stock suspended or delisted from an exchange or over-the-counter market from trading for in excess of five trading days.


 or at any time
thereafter
 and in each and every such case
 unless such Event of Default shall have been waived in writing by the Holder (which
waiver shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent default) at the option of the Holder and in the Holders sole discretion
the Holder may consider all obligations under this Note immediately due and payable within five (5) days of notice
 without presentment
demand
 protest or notice of any kinds
 all of which are hereby expressly waived
 anything herein or in any note or other instruments
contained to the contrary notwithstanding
 and the Holder may immediately enforce any and all of the Holders rights and remedies
provided herein or any other rights or remedies afforded by law.


Holder may not convert this Note to the extent such conversion would result in the Holder
 together with any affiliate thereof
beneficially owning (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder) in
excess of 9.999% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock held by such Holder after application of this Section.
Since the Holder will not be obligated to report to the Company the number of shares of Common Stock it may hold at the time of
a conversion hereunder
 unless the conversion at issue would result in the issuance of shares of Common Stock in excess of 9.999%
of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock without regard to any other shares which may be beneficially owned by the Holder
or an affiliate thereof; the Holder shall have the authority and obligation to determine whether the restriction contained in this
Section will limit any particular conversion hereunder and to the extent that the Holder determines that the limitation contained
in this Section applies
 the determination of which portion of the principal amount of Note are convertible shall be the responsibility
and obligation of the Holder. If the Holder has delivered a Conversion Notice for a principal amount of Note that would result
in the issuance of in excess of the permitted amount hereunder
 without regard to any other shares that the Holder or its affiliates
may beneficially own
 the Company shall notify the Holder of this fact and shall honor the conversion for the maximum principal
amount permitted to be converted on such Conversion Date and
 at the option of the Holder
 either retain any principal amount tendered
for conversion in excess of the permitted amount hereunder for future conversions or return such excess principal amount to the
Holder. The provisions of this Section may be waived by a Holder (but only as to itself and not to any other Holder) upon not less
than 65 days prior notice to the Company. Other Holders shall be unaffected by any such waiver.


    
    



9.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Nothing contained in this Note shall be construed as conferring
upon the Holder the right to vote or to receive dividends or to consent or receive notice as a shareholder in respect of any
meeting of shareholders or any rights whatsoever as a shareholder of the Company
 unless and to the extent converted in
accordance with the terms hereof.


S WHEREOF
 the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized.


 2014


    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    














     





ALLONGE NO. 17 TO SECURED NOTE ISSUED
FEBRUARY 22
 2012


to Secured Note (&ldquo;Allonge&rdquo;) is made as of this 2nd day of May
 2014
 by Attitude Drinks Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
(&ldquo;Borrower&rdquo;) to Alpha Capital Anstalt (&ldquo;Lender&rdquo;). Reference is hereby made to that certain Secured Note
issued by Borrower to Lender dated February 22
 2012 (&ldquo;Note&rdquo;). Except as amended hereby
 the terms of the Note remain
as originally stated.


as stated on the face of the Note shall be increased to $1
867
500.00 ($175
000 &ndash; Principal Amount of Note dated February
22
 2012) + ($75
000.00 &ndash; Allonge #1 dated on or about 8/22/12) + ($150
000 &ndash; Allonge #2 dated on or about 10/15/12)
+ ($135
000 &ndash; Allonge #3 dated on or about 11/9/12) + ($165
000 &ndash; Allonge #4 dated on or about 12/6/12) + ($165
000
&ndash; Allonge #5 dated on or about 1/13/12) + ($220
000 &ndash; Allonge #6 dated on or about 1/14/13) + ($40
000 &ndash; Allonge
#7 on or about February 15
 2013) + ($71
500 &ndash; Allonge #8 on or about 4/11/13) + ($88
000 &ndash; Allonge #9 on or about
June 5
 2013) and + ($88
000 &ndash; Allonge #10 on or about 6/22/13) + ($82
500 &ndash; Allonge #11 on or about 7/23/13) + ($110
000
&ndash; Allonge #12 on or about 8/8/13) + ($110
000 &ndash; Allonge #13 on or about 8/8/13) + ($55
000 &ndash; Allonge #14 on or
about 10/28/13) ($55
000 &ndash; Allonge #15 on or about 11/15/13) + ($55
000 &ndash; Allonge 16 on or about 2/11/14) + ($27
500
&ndash; Allonge #17 hereto). The amendment to the Principal Amount due and owing on the Note described herein notwithstanding
Lender does not waive interest that may have accrued at a default rate of interest and liquidated damages
 if any
 that may have
accrued on the Note through the date of this Allonge
 which default interest and liquidated damages
 if any
 remain outstanding
and payable.


 this Allonge is executed as of the date
written above.



    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    















     








NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED
 OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE
SOLD
 TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED
 OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER
 AT THE COMPANY&rsquo;S EXPENSE)
IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM
 THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE
144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING
 THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT
OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES



Principal Amount: $35
200 (note) 
Issue Date: May 13
 &nbsp;2014


SECURED CONVERTIBLE
PROMISSORY NOTE



 INC.
&rdquo;)
 hereby promises to pay
to the order of LG CAPITAL FUNDING
&rdquo;)
 address at 1218 Union Street
 Suite #2
 Brooklyn
 NY
11225
 without demand

&rdquo;)
with interest accruing thereon
 on May 13
&rdquo;)
 if not sooner paid or modified as permitted
herein.




Interest
Rate
) month anniversary of the Issue Date and on the first day of each six months thereafter
and on the Maturity Date
 accelerated or otherwise
 when the principal and remaining accrued but unpaid interest shall be due and
payable
 or sooner as described below. Interest will be payable in cash or Common Stock
 at the election of the Holder
 and subject
to Section 2.1
 with shares of Common Stock at a per share value equal to the applicable conversion price set forth in Section
2.1(b). Holder shall give Company notice of its election five (5) business days before the interest payment is due. If the Holder
fails to make such selection
 interest may be paid at the Company&rsquo;s election in cash or Common Stock. The Company may only
elect to pay interest with Common Stock the extent such stock is immediately resellable pursuant to Rule 144 and to the extent
such share issuance is not limited by transfer or volume restrictions and provided such payment in Common Stock would not cause
the Holder to exceed the restrictions on ownership set forth in Section 2.3.


    
    


Payment
Grace Period
Date and during the pendency of an Event of Default
 (as defined in Article IV) a default interest rate of twenty percent (20%)
per annum shall be in effect.

Conversion
 shall remain in full force and effect immediately from the
date hereof and until the Note is paid in full regardless of the occurrence of an Event of Default. This Note shall be payable
in full on the Maturity Date
 unless previously converted into Common Stock in accordance with 

Pari
Passu
Borrower with respect to this Note and the Other Notes
 including but not limited to mandatory conversion
 shall be made and taken


.
Interest on this Note shall be calculated on the basis of a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed. Principal and interest
on this Note and other payments in connection with this Note shall be payable at the Holder&rsquo;s offices as designated above
in lawful money of the United States of America in immediately available funds without set-off
 deduction or counterclaim. Upon
assignment of the interest of Holder in this Note
 Borrower shall instead make its payment pursuant to the assignee&rsquo;s instructions
upon receipt of written notice thereof.





the right to convert the principal and any interest due under this Note into Shares of the Borrower&rsquo;s Common Stock
 $0.00001
par value per share (&ldquo;

Conversion
into the Borrower&rsquo;s Common Stock


Holder shall have the right from and after the date of the issuance of this Note and then at any time until this Note is fully
paid
 to convert any outstanding and unpaid principal portion of this Note
 and accrued but unpaid interest
 at the election of
&rdquo;) into fully paid and non-assessable
shares of Common Stock as such stock exists on the date of issuance of this Note
 or any shares of capital stock of Borrower into
which such Common Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified
 at the conversion price as defined in 
hereof
 determined as provided herein. Upon delivery to the Borrower of a completed Notice of Conversion
 a form of which is annexed
hereto as 
 Borrower shall issue and deliver to the Holder within three (3) business days after the Conversion
&rdquo;) that number of shares of Common Stock for the portion of the
Note converted in accordance with the foregoing. The Holder will not be required to surrender the Note to the Borrower until the
Note has been fully converted or satisfied. The number of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon each conversion of this Note
shall be determined by dividing that portion of the principal of the Note and interest
 if any
 to be converted
 by the Conversion
Price.


 hereof
&rdquo;) per share
shall be equal to seventy-five percent (75%) of the average of the three lowest closing bid prices for the Common Stock as reported
by Bloomberg L.P. for the Principal Market for the twenty trading days preceding a Conversion Date
 but in no event greater than
$0.02.


    
    




2.1(a)
 shall be subject to adjustment from time to time upon the happening of certain events while this conversion right remains
outstanding
 as follows:

Merger
Sale of Assets
 etc
 (B)
the Borrower effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions
 (C) any tender
offer or exchange offer (whether by the Borrower or another entity) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are
permitted to tender or exchange their shares for other securities
 cash or property
 (D) the Borrower consummates a stock purchase
agreement or other business combination (including
 without limitation
 a reorganization
 recapitalization
 spin-off or scheme
of arrangement) with one or more persons or entities whereby such other persons or entities acquire more than the 50% of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by such other persons or entities making or party to
 or
associated or affiliated with the other persons or entities making or party to
 such stock purchase agreement or other business
combination)
 (E) any &ldquo;person&rdquo; or &ldquo;group&rdquo; (as these terms are used for purposes of Sections 13(d) and 14(d)
of the 1934 Act) is or shall become the &ldquo;beneficial owner&rdquo; (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act)
 directly
or indirectly
 of 50% of the aggregate Common Stock of the Borrower)
 or (F) the Borrower effects any reclassification of the Common
Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other
securities
 cash or property (other than a reverse merger) (in any such case
&rdquo;)
this Note
 as to the unpaid principal portion thereof and accrued interest thereon
 if any
 shall thereafter be deemed to evidence
the right to convert into such number and kind of shares or other securities and property as would have been issuable or distributable
on account of such Fundamental Transaction
 upon or with respect to the securities subject to the conversion right immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction. The foregoing provision shall similarly apply to successive Fundamental Transactions of
a similar nature by any such successor or purchaser. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing
 the anti-dilution provisions
of this Section shall apply to such securities of such successor or purchaser after any such Fundamental Transaction.

Reclassification
etc.
 by reclassification or otherwise
 change the Common Stock into the same or a different
number of securities of any class or classes that may be issued or outstanding
 this Note
 as to the unpaid principal portion thereof
and accrued interest thereon
 shall thereafter be deemed to evidence the right to purchase an adjusted number of such securities
and kind of securities as would have been issuable as the result of such change with respect to the Common Stock immediately prior
to such reclassification or other change.

Stock
Splits
 Combinations and Dividends
of shares of Common Stock
 or if a dividend is paid on the Common Stock in shares of Common Stock
 the Conversion Price shall
be proportionately reduced in case of subdivision of shares or stock dividend or proportionately increased in the case of combination
of shares
 in each such case by the ratio which the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such
event bears to the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such event.&nbsp;


 above
 the Borrower shall promptly
 but not later than the fifth
) business day after the effectiveness of the adjustment
 provide notice to the Holder setting forth the Conversion
Price after such adjustment and setting forth a statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. Failure to provide the foregoing
notice is an Event of Default under this Note.


    
    



to the Reservation Approval (as described in Section 9(w) of the Exchange Agreement)
 Borrower will reserve from its authorized
and unissued Common Stock not less than an amount of Common Stock equal to 300% of the amount of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon the full conversion of this Note. Borrower represents that upon issuance
 such shares will be duly and validly issued
 fully
paid and non-assessable. Borrower agrees that its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to its officers
 agents
and transfer agents who are charged with the duty of executing and issuing stock certificates to execute and issue the necessary
certificates for shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of this Note.

Method
 hereof and
the Exchange Agreement. Upon partial conversion of this Note
 a new Note containing the same date and provisions of this Note shall
at the request of the Holder
 be issued by the Borrower to the Holder for the principal balance of this Note and interest which
shall not have been converted or paid
 upon surrender of the existing Note.

Maximum
Conversion
number of shares of Common Stock which would be in excess of the sum of (i) the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned
by the Holder and its affiliates on a Conversion Date
 (ii) any Common Stock issuable in connection with the unconverted portion
of the Note
 and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the Note with respect to which the
determination of this provision is being made on a Conversion Date
 which would result in beneficial ownership by the Holder and
its affiliates of more than 4.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Borrower on such Conversion Date. For the purposes
of the provision to the immediately preceding sentence
 beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and Regulation 13d-3 thereunder. Subject to the foregoing
 the Holder shall
not be limited to aggregate conversions of 4.99%. The Holder shall have the authority to determine whether the restriction contained
 will limit any conversion hereunder and the extent such limitation applies and to which convertible
or exercisable instrument or part thereof such limitation applies. Holder may increase it ownership limitation to 9.99% upon 61
days notice to the Borrower.

Minimum
Conversion
000 of principal and interest; or (ii)
the balance due on the Note. Conversion will be calculated to the hundredth of a penny (e.g. $0.0001).




.
This Note may not be prepaid
 converted
 redeemed or called by the Borrower without the consent of the Holder except as described
in this Note.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

Fundamental
Transaction

2.1(c)(A)
 until twenty (20) business days after the Borrower notifies the Holder of the occurrence of the Fundamental Transaction
the Holder may elect to accelerate the Maturity Date as of the date of the Fundamental Transaction and receive payment for the
then outstanding Principal Amount
 and any other amount owed to the Holder pursuant to the Transaction Documents.




    
    


Optional
Redemption of Principal Amount
could become an Event of Default has not occurred
 whether or not such Event of Default has been cured
 the Borrower will have
&rdquo;)
 in whole or in
part
 by paying to the Holder a sum of money equal to one hundred and twenty percent (120%) of the Principal amount to be redeemed
together with accrued but unpaid interest thereon and any and all other sums due
 accrued or payable to the Holder arising under
&rdquo;).
&rdquo;).
&rdquo;)
&rdquo;).
A Notice of Redemption shall not be effective with respect to any portion of the Principal Amount for which the Holder has previously
delivered an election to convert
 or subject to the previous sentence
 for conversions initiated or made by the Holder during the
Redemption Period. On the Redemption Payment Date
 the Redemption Amount
 less any portion of the Redemption Amount against which
the Holder has permissibly exercised its conversion rights
 shall be paid in good funds to the Holder. In the event the Borrower
fails to pay the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Payment Date as set forth herein
 then (i) such Notice of Redemption will
be null and void
 (ii) Borrower will have no right to deliver another Notice of Redemption
 and (iii) Borrower&rsquo;s failure
may be deemed by Holder to be a non-curable Event of Default. A Notice of Redemption may not be given nor may the Borrower effectuate
a Redemption without the consent of the Holder
 if at any time during the Redemption Period an Event of Default
 or an event which
with the passage of time or giving of notice could become an Event of Default (whether or not such Event of Default has been cured)
has occurred. During the Optional Redemption Period
 the Company must abide by all of its obligations to the Note Holder.





&rdquo;) occurring after Closing and not otherwise disclosed
on the Exchange Agreement and schedules thereto
 shall
 at the option of the Holder hereof
 make all sums of principal and interest
then remaining unpaid hereon and all other amounts payable hereunder immediately due and payable
 upon demand
 without presentment
or grace period
 all of which hereby are expressly waived
 except as set forth below:

Failure
to Pay Principal or Interest
to pay any interest or other sums due under this Note within three (3) days after such amounts are due.

Breach
of Covenant
Transaction Documents or this Note
 except for a breach of payment
 in any material respect and such breach
 if subject to cure
continues for a period of ten (10) days after written notice to the Borrower from the Holder.

Breach
of Representations and Warranties
 in the Exchange Agreement
or the Transaction Documents shall be false or misleading in any material respect as of the date made and the Closing Date.

.
Any dissolution
 liquidation or winding up by Borrower or a Subsidiary of a substantial portion of their business.


    
    


Cessation
of Operations

Maintenance
of Assets
 personal
 real
property
 equipment
 leases or other assets which are necessary to conduct its business (whether now or in the future) and such
breach is not cured with fifteen (15) days after written notice to the Borrower from the Holder.

Receiver
or Trustee
 or apply for or consent to
the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business; or such a receiver or trustee
shall otherwise be appointed.

.
Any money judgment
 writ or similar final process shall be entered or made in a non-appealable adjudication against Borrower or
any Subsidiary or any of its property or other assets for more than $250
000 in excess of the Borrower&rsquo;s insurance coverage
unless stayed vacated or satisfied within thirty (30) days.

.
Bankruptcy
 insolvency
 reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings or relief under any bankruptcy law or any
law
 or the issuance of any notice in relation to such event
 for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower
or any Subsidiary.

.
&rdquo;);
failure to comply with the requirements for continued quotation on the OTCBB for a period of seven (7) consecutive trading days;
or notification from the OTCBB that the Borrower is not in compliance with the conditions for such continued quotation and such
non-compliance continues for seven (7) days following such notification. Provided however it shall be an event of default if the
Company remains fully reporting and the common stock is quoted on the Pink Sheets.

Stop
Trade

Failure
to Deliver Common Stock or Replacement Note
to and in the form required by this Note
 Sections 7 and 11 of the Exchange Agreement
 and the Warrant or
 if required
 a replacement
Note following a partial conversion.

Reservation
Default
the number of shares of Common Stock as required in the Exchange Agreement
 this Note and the Warrants
 and such failure continues
for a period of thirty (30) business days.

Non-Registration
Event
Agreement.

Reverse
Splits

Event
Described in Exchange Agreement
Transaction Document that
 if susceptible to cure
 is not cured during any designated cure period.


    
    


Notification
Failure
to the terms of this Note or any other Transaction Document.

Reservation
Default
and failure to timely have sufficient shares available for conversion of the Notes and exercise of the Warrants.

Cross
Default
 a default by the Borrower of a material term
 covenant
 warranty or undertaking of
any other agreement to which the Borrower and Holder are parties
 or the occurrence of an event of default under any such other
agreement to which Borrower and Holder are parties which is not cured after any required notice and/or cure period.

Other
Note Default




Security
Interest/Waiver of Automatic Stay
of the Holder pursuant to a Security Agreement
 as delivered by Borrower to Holder. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that should
a proceeding under any bankruptcy or insolvency law be commenced by or against the Borrower
 or if any of the Collateral (as defined
in the Security Agreement) should become the subject of any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding
 then the Holder should be entitled
to
 among other relief to which the Holder may be entitled under the Transaction Documents and any other agreement to which the
Borrower and Holder are parties (collectively
 &quot;Loan Documents&quot;) and/or applicable law
 an order from the court granting
immediate relief from the automatic stay pursuant to 11 U.S.C. Section 362 to permit the Holder to exercise all of its rights and
remedies pursuant to the Loan Documents and/or applicable law. THE BORROWER EXPRESSLY WAIVES THE BENEFIT OF THE AUTOMATIC STAY
IMPOSED BY 11 U.S.C. SECTION 362. FURTHERMORE
 THE BORROWER EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT NEITHER 11 U.S.C. SECTION 362
NOR ANY OTHER SECTION OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE OR OTHER STATUTE OR RULE (INCLUDING
 WITHOUT LIMITATION
 11 U.S.C. SECTION 105) SHALL
STAY
 INTERDICT
 CONDITION
 REDUCE OR INHIBIT IN ANY WAY THE ABILITY OF THE HOLDER TO ENFORCE ANY OF ITS RIGHTS AND REMEDIES UNDER
THE LOAN DOCUMENTS AND/OR APPLICABLE LAW. The Borrower hereby consents to any motion for relief from stay that may be filed by
the Holder in any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding initiated by or against the Borrower and
 further
 agrees not to file any
opposition to any motion for relief from stay filed by the Holder. The Borrower represents
 acknowledges and agrees that this provision
is a specific and material aspect of the Loan Documents
 and that the Holder would not agree to the terms of the Loan Documents
if this waiver were not a part of this Note. The Borrower further represents
 acknowledges and agrees that this waiver is knowingly
intelligently and voluntarily made
 that neither the Holder nor any person acting on behalf of the Holder has made any representations
to induce this waiver
 that the Borrower has been represented (or has had the opportunity to he represented) in the signing of
this Note and the Loan Documents and in the making of this waiver by independent legal counsel selected by the Borrower and that
the Borrower has discussed this waiver with counsel.


    
    





Failure
or Indulgence Not Waiver
 right or privilege
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof
 nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power
 right or privilege preclude
other or further exercise thereof or of any other right
 power or privilege. All rights and remedies existing hereunder are cumulative
to
 and not exclusive of
 any rights or remedies otherwise available.

.
All notices
 demands
 requests
 consents
 approvals
 and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing
and
 unless otherwise specified herein
 shall be (i) personally served
 (ii) deposited in the mail
 registered or certified
 return
receipt requested
 postage prepaid
 (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid
 or (iv) transmitted
by hand delivery
 telegram
 or facsimile
 addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified
most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed
effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by facsimile
 with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine
at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to
be received)
 or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business
hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the first business day following the date of mailing by express courier service
fully prepaid
 addressed to such address
 or upon actual receipt of such mailing
 whichever shall first occur. The addresses for
such communications shall be: (i) if to the Borrower to: Attitude Drinks Inc.
 712 U.S. Highway 1
 Suite 200
 North Palm Beach
Florida 33408
 Attn: Roy Warren
 CEO and President
 facsimile: (561) 799-5039
 with a copy by facsimile only to: ____________________
Attn: _________
 Esq.
 facsimile: (___) ___-____
 and (ii) if to the Holder
 to the name
 address and facsimile number set forth
on the front page of this Note
 with copies (which shall not constitute notice) by fax only to: New Venture Attorneys
 P.C900 East
Hamilton Ave Suite 100
 Campbell
 CA 95008
 facsimile: (408) 583-4180.

Amendment
Provision
 as used throughout this instrument
 shall mean this instrument
as originally executed
 or if later amended or supplemented
 then as so amended or supplemented.

.
This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns
 and shall inure to the benefit of the Holder and its
successors and assigns. The Borrower may not assign its obligations under this Note.

Cost
of Collection
 Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof reasonable costs of collection
including reasonable attorneys&rsquo; fees.

Governing
Law
of laws principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. Any action brought by
either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement must be brought only in the civil or
state courts of New York or in the federal courts located in the State and county of New York. Both parties and the individual
signing this Agreement on behalf of the Borrower agree to submit to the jurisdiction of such courts. The prevailing party shall
be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney&rsquo;s fees and costs. In the event that any provision of
this Note is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law
 then such provision shall be deemed inoperative
to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such
provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or unenforceability of any other
provision of this Note. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed or operate to preclude the Holder from bringing suit or taking
other legal action against the Borrower in any other jurisdiction to collect on the Borrower&rsquo;s obligations to Holder
 to
realize on any collateral or any other security for such obligations
 or to enforce a judgment or other decision in favor of the

 without limitation to
any other remedies of Holder
 may be enforced against Borrower by summary proceeding pursuant to New York Civil Procedure Law and
Rules Section 3213 or any similar rule or statute in the jurisdiction where enforcement is sought. For purposes of such rule or
statute
 any other document or agreement to which Holder and Borrower are parties or which Borrower delivered to Holder
 which
may be convenient or necessary to determine Holder&rsquo;s rights hereunder or Borrower&rsquo;s obligations to Holder are deemed
a part of this Note
 whether or not such other document or agreement was delivered together herewith or was executed apart from
this Note.


    
    


Maximum
Payments
in excess of the maximum rate permitted by applicable law. In the event that the rate of interest required to be paid or other
charges hereunder exceed the maximum rate permitted by applicable law
 any payments in excess of such maximum rate shall be credited
against amounts owed by the Borrower to the Holder and thus refunded to the Borrower.

Non-Business
Days
 Sunday or a public holiday under the laws of
the State of New York
 such payment may be due or action shall be required on the next succeeding business day and
 for such payment
such next succeeding day shall be included in the calculation of the amount of accrued interest payable on such date.

Facsimile
Signature
 PDF
 electronic signature
or other similar electronic means
 such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the Borrower with the same force
and effect as if such signature page were an original thereof.

Shareholder
Status
However
 the Holder will have the rights of a shareholder of the Borrower with respect to the Shares of Common Stock to be received
after delivery by the Holder of a Conversion Notice to the Borrower.

[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY
LEFT BLANK]


    
    



Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name by an authorized officer as of the 9th day of May
 2014.



    
ATTITUDE DRINKS
 INC.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    



    
    





the Note)


elects to convert $_________ of the principal and $_________ of the interest due on the Note issued by ATTITUDE DRINKS
 INC. on
May 9
 2014 into Shares of Common Stock of ATTITUDE DRINKS
&rdquo;) according to the conditions
set forth in such Note
 as of the date written below.



    
    




    
    


Number
of Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned on the Conversion Date: Less than 10% of the outstanding Common Stock of
ATTITUDE DRINKS
 INC.



    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    



    














     






NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE BEEN
REGISTERED WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE OR UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED. THE SECURITIES ARE RESTRICTED AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED
 RESOLD
 PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED
UNDER THE ACT PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION OR SAFE HARBOR THEREFROM.



    
US $25
000.00




PROMISSORY
NOTE DUE OCTOBER 31
 2015


of up to $25
000.00 of ATTITUDE DRINKS INCORPORATED
 a Delaware corporation and located at 712 U.S. Highway 1
 Suite #200
 North
Palm Beach
 Florida 33408 (the &quot;Company&quot;) designated as its Note
 pursuant to the Consulting Agreement entered into by
the Company and the Holder as of July 19
 2012.


the Company promises to pay to SOUTHRIDGE PARTNERS II
 LP
 the registered holder hereof (the &quot;Holder&quot;)
 the principal
sum of twenty five thousand and 00/100 Dollars (US $25
000.00) on October 31
 2015 (the &quot;Maturity Date&quot;). The principal
of this Note is payable at the option of the Holder at any time after the Maturity Date
 in shares of the Company's common stock
$.0001 par value per share (&quot;Common Stock&quot;) as set forth below
 or in United States dollars
 at the address last appearing
on the Note Register of the Company as designated in writing by the Holder. The Company will pay the outstanding principal amount
of this Note in cash on the Maturity Date to the registered holder of this Note. The forwarding of such wire transfer shall constitute
a payment hereunder and shall satisfy and discharge the liability for principal on this Note to the extent of the sum represented
by such check or wire transfer plus any amounts so deducted.




Note is issuable in denominations of Ten Thousand Dollars (US$10
000) and integral multiples thereof
 provided that the
number of shares to be issued upon conversion is a minimum of 3
000 (unless if at the time of election to convert the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion is less than 3
000). The Note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate
principal amount of Note of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service
charge will be made for such registration or transfer or exchange.


    
    


2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Holder of this Note is entitled any time after the Maturity Date

 to convert all
or a portion of the principal amount of this Note into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price for each share of Common
Stock equal to the Current Market Price multiplied by eighty percent (80%) (the &quot;Conversion Price&quot;). &quot;Current
Market Price&quot; means the average of the closing bid prices for the Common Stock as reported by Bloomberg
 LP or
 if not
so reported
 as reported on the over-the-counter market
 for the five (5) trading days ending on the trading day immediately
before the relevant Conversion Date (as defined below). The amount of shares issuable pursuant to a conversion shall equal
the principal amount (or portion thereof) of the Note to be converted
 divided by the Conversion Price.


be effectuated by surrendering the Note to the Company
 accompanied by or preceded by facsimile or other delivery to the
Company of the form of conversion notice attached hereto as Exhibit A
 executed by the Holder evidencing such Holder's
intention to convert a specified portion hereof No fractional shares of Common Stock or scrip representing fractions of
shares will be issued on conversion
 but the number of shares issuable shall be rounded to the nearest whole share. The date
on which notice of conversion is given (the &quot;Conversion Date&quot;) shall be deemed to be the date on which the Holder
faxes or otherwise delivers the conversion notice (&quot;Notice of Conversion&quot;)
 substantially in the form annexed
hereto as Exhibit A
 duly executed
 to the Company. Facsimile delivery of the Notice of Conversion shall be accepted by the
 Certificates representing Common Stock
upon
Date&quot;)


that a delay in the issuance of the Shares of Common Stock beyond the Delivery Date (as defined in this Section) could result in
economic loss to the Holder. As compensation to the Holder for such loss
 the Company agrees to pay late payments to the Holder
for late issuance of Shares upon Conversion
 unless the delay is due to causes beyond the reasonable control of the Company or
the Transfer Agent
 in accordance with the following schedule (where &quot;No. Business Days Late&quot; refers to the number of
business days which is beyond three (3)) business days after the Delivery Date):'



    

000

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
1
000

    

000+$200 for each Business Day Late 



    
    



any payments incurred under this Section in immediately available funds upon demand as the Holder's remedy for such delay. Furthermore
in addition to any other remedies which may be available to the Holder
 in the event that the Company fails for any reason to effect
delivery of such shares of Common Stock by close of business on the Delivery Date
 unless such failure is due to causes beyond
the Company's reasonable control or that of its Transfer Agent
 the Holder will be entitled to revoke the relevant Notice of Conversion
by delivering a notice to such effect to the Company
 whereupon the Company and the Holder shall each be restored to their respective
positions immediately prior to delivery of such Notice of Conversion; provided
 however
 that an amount equal to any payments contemplated
by this Section which have accrued through the date of such revocation notice shall remain due and owing to the Converting Holder
notwithstanding such revocation.


 by the relevant
Delivery Date
 the Company fails
 unless such failure is due to causes beyond the Company's reasonable control or that of its Transfer
Agent
 for any reason to deliver the Shares to be issued upon conversion of the Note and after such Delivery Date
 the Holder of
the Note being converted (a &quot;Converting Holder&quot;) purchases
 in an arm's-length open market transaction or otherwise
shares of Common Stock (the &quot;Covering Shares&quot;) in order to make delivery in satisfaction of a sale of Common Stock by
the Converting Holder (the &quot;Sold Shares&quot;)
 which delivery such Converting Holder anticipated to make using the Shares
to be issued upon such conversion (a &quot;Buy-In&quot;)
 the Converting Holder shall have the right
 to require the Company to
pay to the Converting Holder
 in addition to and not in lieu of the amounts due hereunder (but in addition to all other amounts
contemplated in other provisions of the Transaction Agreements
 and not in lieu of any such other amounts)
 the Buy-In Adjustment
Amount (as defined below). The &quot;Buy-hi Adjustment Amount&quot; is the amount equal to the excess
 if any
 of (x) the Converting
Holder's total purchase price (including brokerage commissions
 if any) for the Covering Shares over (y) the net proceeds (after
brokerage commissions
 if any) received by the Converting Holder from the sale of the Sold Shares. The Company shall pay the Buy-In
Adjustment Amount to the Company in immediately available funds immediately upon demand by the Converting Holder. By way of illustration
and not in limitation of the foregoing
 if the Converting Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price
(including brokerage commissions) of $11
000 to cover a Buy-1n with respect to shares of Common Stock it sold for net proceeds
of $10
000
 the Buy-In Adjustment Amount which Company will be required to pay to the Converting Holder will be $1
000.


    
    


In lieu of
 conversion
 provided the Company's Transfer Agent is participating in the Depository
Trust Company (&quot;DTC&quot;) Fast Automated Securities Transfer program
 upon request of the Holder and its compliance with
the provisions contained in this paragraph
 so long as the certificates therefore do not bear a legend and the Holder thereof is
not obligated to return such certificate for the placement of a legend thereon
 the Company shall use its best efforts to cause
its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable upon conversion to the Holder by crediting the account
of Holder's Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system.

The
Holder of the Note shall be entitled to exercise its conversion privilege with respect to the Note notwithstanding the commencement
 (the &quot;Bankruptcy Code&quot;). In
the event the Company is a debtor under the Bankruptcy Code
 the Company hereby waives
 to the fullest extent permitted
 any rights
to relief it may have under 11 U. S .C. &sect;362 in respect of such holder's conversion privilege. The Company hereby waives
to the fullest extent permitted
 any rights to relief it may have under 11 U.S.C. &sect;362 in respect of the conversion of the
Note.


Note has been issued subject to investment representations of the original purchaser hereof and may be transferred or exchanged
only in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &quot;Act&quot;)
 and other applicable state and foreign securities
laws. In the event of any proposed transfer of this Note
 the Company may require
 prior to issuance of a new Note in the name
of such other person
 that it receive reasonable transfer documentation including legal opinions that the issuance of the Note
in such other name does not and will not cause a violation of the Act or any applicable state or foreign securities laws. Prior
to due presentment for transfer of this Note
 the Company and any agent of the Company may treat the person in whose name this
Note is duly registered on the Company's Note Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided
and for all other purposes
 whether or not this Note be overdue
 and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected by
notice to the contrary.


provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company
 which is absolute and unconditional
 to pay the principal
of this Note at the time
 place
 and rate
 and in the coin or currency
 herein prescribed. This Note is a direct obligation of
the Company.


Holder of the Note
 by acceptance hereof
 agrees that this Note is being acquired for investment and that such Holder will not
offer
 sell or otherwise dispose of this Note or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof except under circumstances
which will not result in a violation of the Act or any applicable state Blue Sky or foreign laws or similar laws relating to the
sale of securities.


Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut. Each of the parties consents to
the jurisdiction of the federal or state courts whose districts encompass any part of the State of Connecticut in connection with
any dispute arising under this Note and hereby waives
 to the maximum extent permitted by law
 any objection
 including any objection

 


    
    


Each of the parties hereby waives the right to a trial by jury in connection with any dispute arising under this
Note.


following shall constitute an &quot;Event of Default&quot;:


The Company shall default in the payment of principal




Any of the representations or warranties made by the
Company herein
 in any certificate or financial or other written statements heretofore or hereafter furnished by the Company in
connection with the execution and delivery of this Note shall be false or misleading in any material respect at the time made;




The Company shall fail to perform or observe
 in any
material respect
 any other covenant
 term
 provision
 condition
 agreement or obligation of any Note and such failure shall continue




The Company fails to authorize or to cause its Transfer
Agent to issue shares of Common Stock upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the
terms of this Note
 fails to transfer or to cause its Transfer Agent to transfer any certificate for shares of Common Stock issued
to the Holder upon conversion of this Note and when required by this Note
 and such transfer is otherwise lawful
 or fails to
remove any restrictive legend on any certificate or fails to cause its Transfer Agent to remove such restricted legend
 in each
case where such removal is lawful
 as and when required by this Note
 the Agreement
 and any such failure shall continue uncured




The Company shall (1) admit in writing its inability
to pay its debts generally as they mature; (2) make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or commence proceedings for its
dissolution; or (3) apply for or consent to the appointment of a trustee
 liquidator or receiver for its or for a substantial




A trustee
 liquidator or receiver shall be appointed
for the Company or for a substantial part of its property or business without its consent and shall not be discharged within sixty




Any governmental agency or any court of competent jurisdiction

portion of the properties or assets of the Company and shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days thereafter; or



    
    




Any money judgment
 writ or warrant of attachment
 or
similar process in excess of Two Hundred Thousand ($200
000) Dollars in the aggregate shall be entered or filed against the Company
or any of its properties or other assets and shall remain unpaid
 unvacated
 unbonded or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days




 reorganization
 insolvency
or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall
be instituted by or against the Company and
 if instituted against the Company
 shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days after
such institution or the Company shall by any action or answer approve of; consent to
 or acquiesce in any such proceedings or admit
the material allegations of
 or default in answering a petition filed in any such proceeding; or


Stock suspended or delisted from an exchange or over-the-counter market from trading for in excess of five trading days.


 or at any time
thereafter
 and in each and every such case
 unless such Event of Default shall have been waived in writing by the Holder (which
waiver shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent default) at the option of the Holder and in the Holders sole discretion
the Holder may consider all obligations under this Note immediately due and payable within five (5) days of notice
 without presentment
demand
 protest or notice of any kinds
 all of which are hereby expressly waived
 anything herein or in any note or other instruments
contained to the contrary notwithstanding
 and the Holder may immediately enforce any and all of the Holders rights and remedies
provided herein or any other rights or remedies afforded by law.


Holder may not convert this Note to the extent such conversion would result in the Holder
 together with any affiliate thereof
beneficially owning (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder) in
excess of 9.999% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock held by such Holder after application of this Section.
Since the Holder will not be obligated to report to the Company the number of shares of Common Stock it may hold at the time of
a conversion hereunder
 unless the conversion at issue would result in the issuance of shares of Common Stock in excess of 9.999%
of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock without regard to any other shares which may be beneficially owned by the Holder
or an affiliate thereof; the Holder shall have the authority and obligation to determine whether the restriction contained in this
Section will limit any particular conversion hereunder and to the extent that the Holder determines that the limitation contained
in this Section applies
 the determination of which portion of the principal amount of Note are convertible shall be the responsibility
and obligation of the Holder. If the Holder has delivered a Conversion Notice for a principal amount of Note that would result
in the issuance of in excess of the permitted amount hereunder
 without regard to any other shares that the Holder or its affiliates
may beneficially own
 the Company shall notify the Holder of this fact and shall honor the conversion for the maximum principal
amount permitted to be converted on such Conversion Date and
 at the option of the Holder
 either retain any principal amount tendered
for conversion in excess of the permitted amount hereunder for future conversions or return such excess principal amount to the
Holder. The provisions of this Section may be waived by a Holder (but only as to itself and not to any other Holder) upon not less
than 65 days prior notice to the Company. Other Holders shall be unaffected by any such waiver.


    
    



contained in this Note shall be construed as conferring upon the Holder the right to vote or to receive dividends or to consent
or receive notice as a shareholder in respect of any meeting of shareholders or any rights whatsoever as a shareholder of the Company
unless and to the extent converted in accordance with the terms hereof.


S WHEREOF
 the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized.


 2014


    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    



    
















     







2014


THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE OR UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
AS AMENDED. THE SECURITIES ARE RESTRICTED AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED
 RESOLD
 PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE
ACT PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION OR SAFE HARBOR THEREFROM.



    
    
    





28
 2015

THIS
ATTITUDE DRINKS INCORPORATED
a
Delaware corporation (the 

FOR VALUE
RECEIVED
the
&quot;Holder&quot;)
the principal sum of __________
and 00/100 Dollars (US $10
000.00) on February 28
The
principal of this Note is payable in United States dollars
 at the address last appearing on the Note Register of the Company as
designated in writing by the Holder. The Company will pay the outstanding principal amount of this Note in cash on the Maturity
Date to the registered holder of this Note. The forwarding of such wire transfer shall constitute a payment hereunder and shall
satisfy and discharge the liability for principal on this Note to the extent of the sum represented by such check or wire transfer
plus any amounts so deducted.


following additional provisions:


Note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate principal amount of Note of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the
Holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be made for such registration or transfer or exchange.



3.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;This
Note has been issued subject to investment representations of the original purchaser hereof and may be transferred or exchanged
only in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &quot;Act&quot;)
 and other applicable state and foreign securities
laws. In the event of any proposed transfer of this Note
 the Company may require
 prior to issuance of a new Note in the name
of such other person
 that it receive reasonable transfer documentation including legal opinions that the issuance of the Note
in such other name does not and will not cause a violation of the Act or any applicable state or foreign securities laws. Prior
to due presentment for transfer of this Note

this Note is duly registered on the Company's Note Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein
provided and for all other purposes
 whether or not this Note be overdue
 and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected
by notice to the contrary.


    
    



provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company
 which is absolute and unconditional
 to pay the principal
of this Note at the time
 place
 and rate
 and in the coin or currency
 herein prescribed. This Note is a direct obligation of
the Company.


Holder of the Note
 by acceptance hereof
 agrees that this Note is being acquired for investment and that such Holder will not
offer
 sell or otherwise dispose of this Note except under circumstances which will not result in a violation of the Act or any
applicable state Blue Sky or foreign laws or similar laws relating to the sale of securities.


Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. Each of the parties consents to the
jurisdiction of the federal courts whose districts encompass any part of the City of New York or the state courts of the State
of New York sitting in the City of New York in connection with. any dispute arising under this Note and hereby waives
 to the maximum
extent permitted by law
 any objection

 
proceeding in such jurisdictions. Each of the parties hereby waives the right to a trial by jury in connection with any dispute
arising under this Note.


following shall constitute an &quot;Event of Default&quot;:


Company shall default in the payment of principal on this Note and same shall continue for a period of five (5) days; or


of the representations or warranties made by the Company herein
 in any certificate or financial or other written statements heretofore
or hereafter furnished by the Company in connection with the execution and delivery of this Note shall be false or misleading in
any material respect at the time made; or


Company shall fail to perform or observe
 in any material respect
 any other covenant
n
 provision
 condition
agreement or obligation of any Note and such failure shall continue uncured for a period of thirty (30) days after written notice
from the Holder of such failure; or




Company shall (1) make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or commence proceedings for its dissolution; or (2) apply for

 liquidator or receiver for its or for a substantial part
of its property or business; or


    
    



trustee
 liquidator or receiver shall be appointed for the Company or for a substantial part of its property or business without
its consent and shall not be discharged within sixty (60) days after such appointment; or


Any governmental agency or any court of competent jurisdiction at
the instance of any governmental agency shall assume custody or control of the whole or any substantial portion of the properties
or assets of the Company and shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days thereafter; or


money judgment
 writ or warrant of attachment
 or similar process in excess of Two Hundred Thousand ($200
000) Dollars in the aggregate
shall be entered or filed against the Company or any of its properties or other assets and shall remain unpaid
 unvacated
 unbonded
or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days or in any event later than five (5) days prior to the date of any proposed sale thereunder;
or


 reorganization
 insolvency
or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall
be instituted by or against the Company and
 if instituted against the Company
 shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days after
such institution or the Company shall by any action or answer approve of
 consent to
 or acquiesce in any such proceedings or admit
the material allegations of
 or default in answering a petition filed in any such proceeding; or


 or at any time thereafter
 and in
each and every such case
 unless such Event of Default shall have been waived in writing by the Holder (which waiver shall not
be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent default) at the option of the Holder and in the Holder's sole discretion
 the Holder
may consider all obligations under this Note immediately due and payable within five (5) days of notice
 without presentment
 demand
protest or notice of any kinds
 all of which are hereby expressly waived
 anything herein or in any note or other instruments contained
to the contrary notwithstanding
 and the Holder may immediately enforce any and all of the Holder's rights and remedies provided
herein or any other rights or remedies afforded by law.


    
    



WHEREOF
 the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized.


 2014



    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    

    

    
    
    

    
    






    
10
000.00

    
10
000.00

    
10
000.00

    
10
000.00



    
















     






SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE
SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE OR UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED. THE SECURITIES ARE RESTRICTED AND MAY NOT BE
OFFERED
 RESOLD
 PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE ACT PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION OR SAFE HARBOR
THEREFROM.



    
US $25
000.00





 2015


of up to $25
000.00 of ATTITUDE DRINKS INCORPORATED
 a Delaware corporation and located at 712 U.S. Highway 1
 Suite #200
 North
Palm Beach
 Florida 33408 (the &quot;Company&quot;) designated as its Note
 pursuant to the Consulting Agreement entered into by
the Company and the Holder as of July 19
 2012.


the Company promises to pay to SOUTHRIDGE PARTNERS II
 LP
 the registered holder hereof (the &quot;Holder&quot;)
 the principal
sum of twenty five thousand and 00/100 Dollars (US $25
000.00) on November 30
 2015 (the &quot;Maturity Date&quot;). The principal
of this Note is payable at the option of the Holder at any time after the Maturity Date
 in shares of the Company's common stock
$.00001 par value per share (&quot;Common Stock&quot;) as set forth below
 or in United States dollars
 at the address last appearing
on the Note Register of the Company as designated in writing by the Holder. The Company will pay the outstanding principal amount
of this Note in cash on the Maturity Date to the registered holder of this Note. The forwarding of such wire transfer shall constitute
a payment hereunder and shall satisfy and discharge the liability for principal on this Note to the extent of the sum represented
by such check or wire transfer plus any amounts so deducted.





Note is issuable in denominations of Ten Thousand Dollars (US$10
000) and integral multiples thereof
 provided that the number
of shares to be issued upon conversion is a minimum of 3
000 (unless if at the time of election to convert the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon conversion is less than 3
000). The Note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate principal amount
of Note of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be made
for such registration or transfer or exchange.


    
    



Holder of this Note is entitled any time after the Maturity Date
 subject to the following provisions
 to convert all or a
portion of the principal amount of this Note into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price for each share of Common Stock
equal to the Current Market Price multiplied by eighty percent (80%) (the &quot;Conversion Price&quot;). &quot;Current Market
Price&quot; means the average of the closing bid prices for the Common Stock as reported by Bloomberg
 LP or
 if not so
reported
 as reported on the over-the-counter market
 for the five (5) trading days ending on the trading day immediately
before the relevant Conversion Date (as defined below). The amount of shares issuable pursuant to a conversion shall equal
the principal amount (or portion thereof) of the Note to be converted
 divided by the Conversion Price.


be effectuated by surrendering the Note to the Company
 accompanied by or preceded by facsimile or other delivery to the
Company of the form of conversion notice attached hereto as Exhibit A
 executed by the Holder evidencing such Holder's
intention to convert a specified portion hereof No fractional shares of Common Stock or scrip representing fractions of
shares will be issued on conversion
 but the number of shares issuable shall be rounded to the nearest whole share. The date
on which notice of conversion is given (the &quot;Conversion Date&quot;) shall be deemed to be the date on which the Holder
faxes or otherwise delivers the conversion notice (&quot;Notice of Conversion&quot;)
 substantially in the form annexed
hereto as Exhibit A
 duly executed
 to the Company. Facsimile delivery of the Notice of Conversion shall be accepted by the
ATTN:
Chief Financial Officer.
business days from the Conversion Date. (&quot;Delivery Date&quot;)


that a delay in the issuance of the Shares of Common Stock beyond the Delivery Date (as defined in this Section) could result in
economic loss to the Holder. As compensation to the Holder for such loss
 the Company agrees to pay late payments to the Holder
for late issuance of Shares upon Conversion
 unless the delay is due to causes beyond the reasonable control of the Company or
the Transfer Agent
 in accordance with the following schedule (where &quot;No. Business Days Late&quot; refers to the number of
business days which is beyond three (3)) business days after the Delivery Date):'



    
Late&nbsp;Payment&nbsp;For&nbsp;Each&nbsp;$10
000
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
1
000

    
$1
000+$200 for each Business Day Late &nbsp;beyond 10 days



    
    



any payments incurred under this Section in immediately available funds upon demand as the Holder's remedy for such delay. Furthermore
in addition to any other remedies which may be available to the Holder
 in the event that the Company fails for any reason to effect
delivery of such shares of Common Stock by close of business on the Delivery Date
 unless such failure is due to causes beyond
the Company's reasonable control or that of its Transfer Agent
 the Holder will be entitled to revoke the relevant Notice of Conversion
by delivering a notice to such effect to the Company
 whereupon the Company and the Holder shall each be restored to their respective
positions immediately prior to delivery of such Notice of Conversion; provided
 however
 that an amount equal to any payments contemplated
by this Section which have accrued through the date of such revocation notice shall remain due and owing to the Converting Holder
notwithstanding such revocation.


 by the relevant
Delivery Date
 the Company fails
 unless such failure is due to causes beyond the Company's reasonable control or that of its Transfer
Agent
 for any reason to deliver the Shares to be issued upon conversion of the Note and after such Delivery Date
 the Holder of
the Note being converted (a &quot;Converting Holder&quot;) purchases
 in an arm's-length open market transaction or otherwise
shares of Common Stock (the &quot;Covering Shares&quot;) in order to make delivery in satisfaction of a sale of Common Stock by
the Converting Holder (the &quot;Sold Shares&quot;)
 which delivery such Converting Holder anticipated to make using the Shares
to be issued upon such conversion (a &quot;Buy-In&quot;)
 the Converting Holder shall have the right
 to require the Company to
pay to the Converting Holder
 in addition to and not in lieu of the amounts due hereunder (but in addition to all other amounts
contemplated in other provisions of the Transaction Agreements
 and not in lieu of any such other amounts)
 the Buy-In Adjustment
Amount (as defined below). The &quot;Buy-hi Adjustment Amount&quot; is the amount equal to the excess
 if any
 of (x) the Converting
Holder's total purchase price (including brokerage commissions
 if any) for the Covering Shares over (y) the net proceeds (after
brokerage commissions
 if any) received by the Converting Holder from the sale of the Sold Shares. The Company shall pay the Buy-In
Adjustment Amount to the Company in immediately available funds immediately upon demand by the Converting Holder. By way of illustration
and not in limitation of the foregoing
 if the Converting Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price
(including brokerage commissions) of $11
000 to cover a Buy-1n with respect to shares of Common Stock it sold for net proceeds
of $10
000
 the Buy-In Adjustment Amount which Company will be required to pay to the Converting Holder will be $1
000.



    
    



of delivering physical certificates representing the Common Stock issuable upon conversion
 provided the Company's Transfer Agent
is participating in the Depository Trust Company (&quot;DTC&quot;) Fast Automated Securities Transfer program
 upon request of
the Holder and its compliance with the provisions contained in this paragraph
 so long as the certificates therefore do not bear
a legend and the Holder thereof is not obligated to return such certificate for the placement of a legend thereon
 the Company
shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable upon conversion to
the Holder by crediting the account of Holder's Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system.

The
Holder of the Note shall be entitled to exercise its conversion privilege with respect to the Note notwithstanding the commencement
 (the &quot;Bankruptcy Code&quot;). In
the event the Company is a debtor under the Bankruptcy Code
 the Company hereby waives
 to the fullest extent permitted
 any rights
to relief it may have under 11 U. S .C. &sect;362 in respect of such holder's conversion privilege. The Company hereby waives
to the fullest extent permitted
 any rights to relief it may have under 11 U.S.C. &sect;362 in respect of the conversion of the
Note.


Note has been issued subject to investment representations of the original purchaser hereof and may be transferred or exchanged
only in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &quot;Act&quot;)
 and other applicable state and foreign securities
laws. In the event of any proposed transfer of this Note
 the Company may require
 prior to issuance of a new Note in the name
of such other person
 that it receive reasonable transfer documentation including legal opinions that the issuance of the Note
in such other name does not and will not cause a violation of the Act or any applicable state or foreign securities laws. Prior
to due presentment for transfer of this Note
 the Company and any agent of the Company may treat the person in whose name this
Note is duly registered on the Company's Note Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided
and for all other purposes
 whether or not this Note be overdue
 and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected by
notice to the contrary.


provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company
 which is absolute and unconditional
 to pay the principal
of this Note at the time
 place
 and rate
 and in the coin or currency
 herein prescribed. This Note is a direct obligation of
the Company.


Holder of the Note
 by acceptance hereof
 agrees that this Note is being acquired for investment and that such Holder will not
offer
 sell or otherwise dispose of this Note or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof except under circumstances
which will not result in a violation of the Act or any applicable state Blue Sky or foreign laws or similar laws relating to the
sale of securities.

Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut. Each of the parties consents
to the jurisdiction of the federal or state courts whose districts encompass any part of the State of Connecticut in connection
with any dispute arising under this Note and hereby waives
 to the maximum extent permitted by law
 any objection
 including any

 


    
    



the right to a trial by jury in connection with any dispute arising under this Note.


following shall constitute an &quot;Event of Default&quot;:


The Company shall default in the payment of principal




Any of the representations or warranties made by the
Company herein
 in any certificate or financial or other written statements heretofore or hereafter furnished by the Company in
connection with the execution and delivery of this Note shall be false or misleading in any material respect at the time made;




The Company shall fail to perform or observe
 in any
material respect
 any other covenant
 term
 provision
 condition
 agreement or obligation of any Note and such failure shall continue




The Company fails to authorize or to cause its Transfer
Agent to issue shares of Common Stock upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the
terms of this Note
 fails to transfer or to cause its Transfer Agent to transfer any certificate for shares of Common Stock issued
to the Holder upon conversion of this Note and when required by this Note
 and such transfer is otherwise lawful
 or fails to
remove any restrictive legend on any certificate or fails to cause its Transfer Agent to remove such restricted legend
 in each
case where such removal is lawful
 as and when required by this Note
 the Agreement
 and any such failure shall continue uncured




The Company shall (1) admit in writing its inability
to pay its debts generally as they mature; (2) make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or commence proceedings for its
dissolution; or (3) apply for or consent to the appointment of a trustee
 liquidator or receiver for its or for a substantial




A trustee
 liquidator or receiver shall be appointed
for the Company or for a substantial part of its property or business without its consent and shall not be discharged within sixty




Any governmental agency or any court of competent jurisdiction

portion of the properties or assets of the Company and shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days thereafter; or



    
    



Any money judgment
 writ or warrant of attachment
 or
similar process in excess of Two Hundred Thousand ($200
000) Dollars in the aggregate shall be entered or filed against the Company
or any of its properties or other assets and shall remain unpaid
 unvacated
 unbonded or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days




 reorganization
 insolvency
or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall
be instituted by or against the Company and
 if instituted against the Company
 shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days after
such institution or the Company shall by any action or answer approve of; consent to
 or acquiesce in any such proceedings or admit
the material allegations of
 or default in answering a petition filed in any such proceeding; or


Stock suspended or delisted from an exchange or over-the-counter market from trading for in excess of five trading days.


 or at any time
thereafter
 and in each and every such case
 unless such Event of Default shall have been waived in writing by the Holder (which
waiver shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent default) at the option of the Holder and in the Holders sole discretion
the Holder may consider all obligations under this Note immediately due and payable within five (5) days of notice
 without presentment
demand
 protest or notice of any kinds
 all of which are hereby expressly waived
 anything herein or in any note or other instruments
contained to the contrary notwithstanding
 and the Holder may immediately enforce any and all of the Holders rights and remedies
provided herein or any other rights or remedies afforded by law.


Holder may not convert this Note to the extent such conversion would result in the Holder
 together with any affiliate thereof
beneficially owning (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder) in
excess of 9.999% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock held by such Holder after application of this Section.
Since the Holder will not be obligated to report to the Company the number of shares of Common Stock it may hold at the time of
a conversion hereunder
 unless the conversion at issue would result in the issuance of shares of Common Stock in excess of 9.999%
of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock without regard to any other shares which may be beneficially owned by the Holder
or an affiliate thereof; the Holder shall have the authority and obligation to determine whether the restriction contained in this
Section will limit any particular conversion hereunder and to the extent that the Holder determines that the limitation contained
in this Section applies
 the determination of which portion of the principal amount of Note are convertible shall be the responsibility
and obligation of the Holder. If the Holder has delivered a Conversion Notice for a principal amount of Note that would result
in the issuance of in excess of the permitted amount hereunder
 without regard to any other shares that the Holder or its affiliates
may beneficially own
 the Company shall notify the Holder of this fact and shall honor the conversion for the maximum principal
amount permitted to be converted on such Conversion Date and
 at the option of the Holder
 either retain any principal amount tendered
for conversion in excess of the permitted amount hereunder for future conversions or return such excess principal amount to the
Holder. The provisions of this Section may be waived by a Holder (but only as to itself and not to any other Holder) upon not less
than 65 days prior notice to the Company. Other Holders shall be unaffected by any such waiver.


    
    



contained in this Note shall be construed as conferring upon the Holder the right to vote or to receive dividends or to consent
or receive notice as a shareholder in respect of any meeting of shareholders or any rights whatsoever as a shareholder of the Company
unless and to the extent converted in accordance with the terms hereof.


S WHEREOF
 the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized.


 2014



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    














     






ALLONGE NO. 18 TO SECURED NOTE ISSUED
FEBRUARY 22
 2012


to Secured Note (&ldquo;Allonge&rdquo;) is made as of this 11th day of July
 2014
 by Attitude Drinks Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
(&ldquo;Borrower&rdquo;) to Alpha Capital Anstalt (&ldquo;Lender&rdquo;). Reference is hereby made to that certain Secured Note
issued by Borrower to Lender dated February 22
 2012 (&ldquo;Note&rdquo;). Except as amended hereby
 the terms of the Note remain
as originally stated.


as stated on the face of the Note shall be increased to $1
892
500.00 ($175
000 &ndash; Principal Amount of Note dated February
22
 2012) + ($75
000.00 &ndash; Allonge #1 dated on or about 8/22/12) + ($150
000 &ndash; Allonge #2 dated on or about 10/15/12)
+ ($135
000 &ndash; Allonge #3 dated on or about 11/9/12) + ($165
000 &ndash; Allonge #4 dated on or about 12/6/12) + ($165
000
&ndash; Allonge #5 dated on or about 1/13/12) + ($220
000 &ndash; Allonge #6 dated on or about 1/14/13) + ($40
000 &ndash; Allonge
#7 on or about February 15
 2013) + ($71
500 &ndash; Allonge #8 on or about 4/11/13) + ($88
000 &ndash; Allonge #9 on or about
June 5
 2013) and + ($88
000 &ndash; Allonge #10 on or about 6/22/13) + ($82
500 &ndash; Allonge #11 on or about 7/23/13) + ($110
000
&ndash; Allonge #12 on or about 8/8/13) + ($110
000 &ndash; Allonge #13 on or about 8/8/13) + ($55
000 &ndash; Allonge #14 on or
about 10/28/13) ($55
000 &ndash; Allonge #15 on or about 11/15/13) + ($55
000 &ndash; Allonge 16 on or about 2/11/14) + ($27
500
&ndash; Allonge #17 on or about 5/2/14) + $25
000 &ndash; Allonge #18 hereto). The amendment to the Principal Amount due and owing
on the Note described herein notwithstanding
 Lender does not waive interest that may have accrued at a default rate of interest
and liquidated damages
 if any
 that may have accrued on the Note through the date of this Allonge
 which default interest and
liquidated damages
 if any
 remain outstanding and payable.


 this Allonge is executed as of the date
written above.





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    















     







THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE OR UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
AS AMENDED. THE SECURITIES ARE RESTRICTED AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED
 RESOLD
 PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE
ACT PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION OR SAFE HARBOR THEREFROM.



    
$15
000





 2015

THIS
ATTITUDE DRINKS INCORPORATED
a
Delaware corporation (the 

FOR VALUE
RECEIVED
&quot;Holder&quot;)
the principal sum of fifteen thousand and 00/100 Dollars (US $10
000.00) on May 31
 2015 (the
The principal of this Note is payable in United States
dollars
 at the address last appearing on the Note Register of the Company as designated in writing by the Holder. The Company
will pay the outstanding principal amount of this Note in cash on the Maturity Date to the registered holder of this Note. The
forwarding of such wire transfer shall constitute a payment hereunder and shall satisfy and discharge the liability for principal
on this Note to the extent of the sum represented by such check or wire transfer plus any amounts so deducted.


following additional provisions:


Note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate principal amount of Note of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the
Holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be made for such registration or transfer or exchange.



3.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;This
Note has been issued subject to investment representations of the original purchaser hereof and may be transferred or exchanged
only in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &quot;Act&quot;)
 and other applicable state and foreign securities
laws. In the event of any proposed transfer of this Note
 the Company may require
 prior to issuance of a new Note in the name
of such other person
 that it receive reasonable transfer documentation including legal opinions that the issuance of the Note
in such other name does not and will not cause a violation of the Act or any applicable state or foreign securities laws. Prior
to due presentment for transfer of this Note

this Note is duly registered on the Company's Note Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein
provided and for all other purposes
 whether or not this Note be overdue
 and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected
by notice to the contrary.


    
    



provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company
 which is absolute and unconditional
 to pay the principal
of this Note at the time
 place
 and rate
 and in the coin or currency
 herein prescribed. This Note is a direct obligation of
the Company.


Holder of the Note
 by acceptance hereof
 agrees that this Note is being acquired for investment and that such Holder will not
offer
 sell or otherwise dispose of this Note except under circumstances which will not result in a violation of the Act or any
applicable state Blue Sky or foreign laws or similar laws relating to the sale of securities.


Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. Each of the parties consents to the
jurisdiction of the federal courts whose districts encompass any part of the City of New York or the state courts of the State
of New York sitting in the City of New York in connection with. any dispute arising under this Note and hereby waives
 to the maximum
extent permitted by law
 any objection

 
proceeding in such jurisdictions. Each of the parties hereby waives the right to a trial by jury in connection with any dispute
arising under this Note.


following shall constitute an &quot;Event of Default&quot;:


The Company shall default in the payment of principal




Any of the representations or warranties made by the
Company herein
 in any certificate or financial or other written statements heretofore or hereafter furnished by the Company in
connection with the execution and delivery of this Note shall be false or misleading in any material respect at the time made;




The Company shall fail to perform or observe
 in any
material respect
 any other covenant
n
 provision
 condition
 agreement or obligation of any Note and such failure








The Company shall (1) make an assignment for the benefit

of a trustee
 liquidator or receiver for its or for a substantial part of its property or business; or



    
    



A trustee
 liquidator or receiver shall be appointed
for the Company or for a substantial part of its property or business without its consent and shall not be discharged within sixty




Any governmental agency or any court of competent jurisdiction at
the instance of any governmental agency shall assume custody or control of the whole or any substantial portion of the properties
or assets of the Company and shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days thereafter; or


Any money judgment
 writ or warrant of attachment
 or
similar process in excess of Two Hundred Thousand ($200
000) Dollars in the aggregate shall be entered or filed against the Company
or any of its properties or other assets and shall remain unpaid
 unvacated
 unbonded or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days




 reorganization
 insolvency
or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall
be instituted by or against the Company and
 if instituted against the Company
 shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days after
such institution or the Company shall by any action or answer approve of
 consent to
 or acquiesce in any such proceedings or admit
the material allegations of
 or default in answering a petition filed in any such proceeding; or


 or at any time thereafter
 and in
each and every such case
 unless such Event of Default shall have been waived in writing by the Holder (which waiver shall not
be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent default) at the option of the Holder and in the Holder's sole discretion
 the Holder
may consider all obligations under this Note immediately due and payable within five (5) days of notice
 without presentment
 demand
protest or notice of any kinds
 all of which are hereby expressly waived
 anything herein or in any note or other instruments contained
to the contrary notwithstanding
 and the Holder may immediately enforce any and all of the Holder's rights and remedies provided
herein or any other rights or remedies afforded by law.


    
    



WHEREOF
 the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized.


 2014



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    



    
















     






NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE OR UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED. THE SECURITIES ARE RESTRICTED
AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED
 RESOLD
 PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE ACT PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION
OR SAFE HARBOR THEREFROM.



    
US $25
000.00





 2015


of up to $25
000.00 of ATTITUDE DRINKS INCORPORATED
 a Delaware corporation and located at 712 U.S. Highway 1
 Suite #200
 North
Palm Beach
 Florida 33408 (the &quot;Company&quot;) designated as its Note
 pursuant to the Consulting Agreement entered into by
the Company and the Holder as of July 19
 2012.


the Company promises to pay to SOUTHRIDGE PARTNERS II
 LP
 the registered holder hereof (the &quot;Holder&quot;)
 the principal
sum of twenty five thousand and 00/100 Dollars (US $25
000.00) on December 31
 2015 (the &quot;Maturity Date&quot;). The principal
of this Note is payable at the option of the Holder at any time after the Maturity Date
 in shares of the Company's common stock
$.00001 par value per share (&quot;Common Stock&quot;) as set forth below
 or in United States dollars
 at the address last appearing
on the Note Register of the Company as designated in writing by the Holder. The Company will pay the outstanding principal amount
of this Note in cash on the Maturity Date to the registered holder of this Note. The forwarding of such wire transfer shall constitute
a payment hereunder and shall satisfy and discharge the liability for principal on this Note to the extent of the sum represented
by such check or wire transfer plus any amounts so deducted.




Note is issuable in denominations of Ten Thousand Dollars (US$10
000) and integral multiples thereof
 provided that the
number of shares to be issued upon conversion is a minimum of 3
000 (unless if at the time of election to convert the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion is less than 3
000). The Note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate
principal amount of Note of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service
charge will be made for such registration or transfer or exchange.


    
    


2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Holder of this Note is entitled any time after the Maturity Date

 to convert all or
a portion of the principal amount of this Note into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price for each share of Common Stock
equal to the Current Market Price multiplied by eighty percent (80%) (the &quot;Conversion Price&quot;). &quot;Current Market
Price&quot; means the average of the closing bid prices for the Common Stock as reported by Bloomberg
 LP or
 if not so reported
as reported on the over-the-counter market
 for the five (5) trading days ending on the trading day immediately before the relevant
Conversion Date (as defined below). The amount of shares issuable pursuant to a conversion shall equal the principal amount (or
portion thereof) of the Note to be converted
 divided by the Conversion Price.


be effectuated by surrendering the Note to the Company
 accompanied by or preceded by facsimile or other delivery to the
Company of the form of conversion notice attached hereto as Exhibit A
 executed by the Holder evidencing such Holder's
intention to convert a specified portion hereof No fractional shares of Common Stock or scrip representing fractions of
shares will be issued on conversion
 but the number of shares issuable shall be rounded to the nearest whole share. The date
on which notice of conversion is given (the &quot;Conversion Date&quot;) shall be deemed to be the date on which the Holder
faxes or otherwise delivers the conversion notice (&quot;Notice of Conversion&quot;)
 substantially in the form annexed
hereto as Exhibit A
 duly executed
 to the Company. Facsimile delivery of the Notice of Conversion shall be accepted by the
ATTN:
Chief Financial Officer.
business days from the Conversion Date. (&quot;Delivery Date&quot;)


that a delay in the issuance of the Shares of Common Stock beyond the Delivery Date (as defined in this Section) could result in
economic loss to the Holder. As compensation to the Holder for such loss
 the Company agrees to pay late payments to the Holder
for late issuance of Shares upon Conversion
 unless the delay is due to causes beyond the reasonable control of the Company or
the Transfer Agent
 in accordance with the following schedule (where &quot;No. Business Days Late&quot; refers to the number of
business days which is beyond three (3)) business days after the Delivery Date):'



    
Late Payment For
    Each $10
000

    
of Note Principal
    or Interest

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
1
000

    
$1
000+$200 for each Business Day Late beyond 10 days



    
    



any payments incurred under this Section in immediately available funds upon demand as the Holder's remedy for such delay. Furthermore
in addition to any other remedies which may be available to the Holder
 in the event that the Company fails for any reason to effect
delivery of such shares of Common Stock by close of business on the Delivery Date
 unless such failure is due to causes beyond
the Company's reasonable control or that of its Transfer Agent
 the Holder will be entitled to revoke the relevant Notice of Conversion
by delivering a notice to such effect to the Company
 whereupon the Company and the Holder shall each be restored to their respective
positions immediately prior to delivery of such Notice of Conversion; provided
 however
 that an amount equal to any payments contemplated
by this Section which have accrued through the date of such revocation notice shall remain due and owing to the Converting Holder
notwithstanding such revocation.


 by the relevant
Delivery Date
 the Company fails
 unless such failure is due to causes beyond the Company's reasonable control or that of its Transfer
Agent
 for any reason to deliver the Shares to be issued upon conversion of the Note and after such Delivery Date
 the Holder of
the Note being converted (a &quot;Converting Holder&quot;) purchases
 in an arm's-length open market transaction or otherwise
shares of Common Stock (the &quot;Covering Shares&quot;) in order to make delivery in satisfaction of a sale of Common Stock by
the Converting Holder (the &quot;Sold Shares&quot;)
 which delivery such Converting Holder anticipated to make using the Shares
to be issued upon such conversion (a &quot;Buy-In&quot;)
 the Converting Holder shall have the right
 to require the Company to
pay to the Converting Holder
 in addition to and not in lieu of the amounts due hereunder (but in addition to all other amounts
contemplated in other provisions of the Transaction Agreements
 and not in lieu of any such other amounts)
 the Buy-In Adjustment
Amount (as defined below). The &quot;Buy-hi Adjustment Amount&quot; is the amount equal to the excess
 if any
 of (x) the Converting
Holder's total purchase price (including brokerage commissions
 if any) for the Covering Shares over (y) the net proceeds (after
brokerage commissions
 if any) received by the Converting Holder from the sale of the Sold Shares. The Company shall pay the Buy-In
Adjustment Amount to the Company in immediately available funds immediately upon demand by the Converting Holder. By way of illustration
and not in limitation of the foregoing
 if the Converting Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price
(including brokerage commissions) of $11
000 to cover a Buy-1n with respect to shares of Common Stock it sold for net proceeds
of $10
000
 the Buy-In Adjustment Amount which Company will be required to pay to the Converting Holder will be $1
000.


    
    


In
 conversion
 provided the Company's Transfer Agent is participating in the Depository
Trust Company (&quot;DTC&quot;) Fast Automated Securities Transfer program
 upon request of the Holder and its compliance with
the provisions contained in this paragraph
 so long as the certificates therefore do not bear a legend and the Holder thereof is
not obligated to return such certificate for the placement of a legend thereon
 the Company shall use its best efforts to cause
its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable upon conversion to the Holder by crediting the account
of Holder's Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system.

The
Holder of the Note shall be entitled to exercise its conversion privilege with respect to the Note notwithstanding the commencement
 (the &quot;Bankruptcy Code&quot;). In
the event the Company is a debtor under the Bankruptcy Code
 the Company hereby waives
 to the fullest extent permitted
 any rights
to relief it may have under 11 U. S .C. &sect;362 in respect of such holder's conversion privilege. The Company hereby waives
to the fullest extent permitted
 any rights to relief it may have under 11 U.S.C. &sect;362 in respect of the conversion of the
Note.


Note has been issued subject to investment representations of the original purchaser hereof and may be transferred or exchanged
only in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &quot;Act&quot;)
 and other applicable state and foreign securities
laws. In the event of any proposed transfer of this Note
 the Company may require
 prior to issuance of a new Note in the name
of such other person
 that it receive reasonable transfer documentation including legal opinions that the issuance of the Note
in such other name does not and will not cause a violation of the Act or any applicable state or foreign securities laws. Prior
to due presentment for transfer of this Note
 the Company and any agent of the Company may treat the person in whose name this
Note is duly registered on the Company's Note Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided
and for all other purposes
 whether or not this Note be overdue
 and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected by
notice to the contrary.


provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company
 which is absolute and unconditional
 to pay the principal
of this Note at the time
 place
 and rate
 and in the coin or currency
 herein prescribed. This Note is a direct obligation of
the Company.


Holder of the Note
 by acceptance hereof
 agrees that this Note is being acquired for investment and that such Holder will not
offer
 sell or otherwise dispose of this Note or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof except under circumstances
which will not result in a violation of the Act or any applicable state Blue Sky or foreign laws or similar laws relating to the
sale of securities.


Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut. Each of the parties consents to
the jurisdiction of the federal or state courts whose districts encompass any part of the State of Connecticut in connection with
any dispute arising under this Note and hereby waives
 to the maximum extent permitted by law
 any objection
 including any objection

 


    
    


Each of the parties hereby waives the right to a trial by jury in connection with any dispute arising under this
Note.


of Default&quot;:


The Company shall default in the payment of principal and interest on this Note and same shall
continue for a period of five (5) days; or


Any of the representations or warranties made by the Company herein
 in any certificate or financial
or other written statements heretofore or hereafter furnished by the Company in connection with the execution and delivery of this
Note shall be false or misleading in any material respect at the time made; or


The Company shall fail to perform or observe
 in any material respect
 any other covenant
 term
provision
 condition
 agreement or obligation of any Note and such failure shall continue uncured for a period of thirty (30) days
after written notice from the Holder of such failure; or


The Company fails to authorize or to cause its Transfer Agent to issue shares of Common Stock upon
exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note
 fails to transfer or to
cause its Transfer Agent to transfer any certificate for shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of this Note
and when required by this Note
 and such transfer is otherwise lawful
 or fails to remove any restrictive legend on any certificate
or fails to cause its Transfer Agent to remove such restricted legend
 in each case where such removal is lawful
 as and when required
by this Note
 the Agreement
 and any such failure shall continue uncured for ten (10) business days; or


The Company shall (1) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they mature;
(2) make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or commence proceedings for its dissolution; or (3) apply for or consent to
the appointment of a trustee
 liquidator or receiver for its or for a substantial part of its property or business; or


A trustee
 liquidator or receiver shall be appointed for the Company or for a substantial part
of its property or business without its consent and shall not be discharged within sixty (60) days after such appointment; or


Any governmental agency or any court of competent jurisdiction at the instance of any governmental
whole
or any substantial portion of the properties or assets of the Company and shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days thereafter;
or


    
    



Any money judgment
 writ or warrant of attachment
 or similar process in excess of Two Hundred
Thousand ($200
000) Dollars in the aggregate shall be entered or filed against the Company or any of its properties or other assets
and shall remain unpaid
 unvacated
 unbonded or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days or in any event later than five (5) days
prior to the date of any proposed sale thereunder; or


 reorganization
 insolvency
or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall
be instituted by or against the Company and
 if instituted against the Company
 shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days after
such institution or the Company shall by any action or answer approve of; consent to
 or acquiesce in any such proceedings or admit
the material allegations of
 or default in answering a petition filed in any such proceeding; or


Stock suspended or delisted from an exchange or over-the-counter market from trading for in excess of five trading days.


 or at any time
thereafter
 and in each and every such case
 unless such Event of Default shall have been waived in writing by the Holder (which
waiver shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent default) at the option of the Holder and in the Holders sole discretion
the Holder may consider all obligations under this Note immediately due and payable within five (5) days of notice
 without presentment
demand
 protest or notice of any kinds
 all of which are hereby expressly waived
 anything herein or in any note or other instruments
contained to the contrary notwithstanding
 and the Holder may immediately enforce any and all of the Holders rights and remedies
provided herein or any other rights or remedies afforded by law.


not convert this Note to the extent such conversion would result in the Holder
 together with any affiliate thereof
 beneficially
owning (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder) in excess of 9.999%
of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock held by such Holder after application of this Section. Since the Holder
will not be obligated to report to the Company the number of shares of Common Stock it may hold at the time of a conversion hereunder
unless the conversion at issue would result in the issuance of shares of Common Stock in excess of 9.999% of the then outstanding
shares of Common Stock without regard to any other shares which may be beneficially owned by the Holder or an affiliate thereof;
the Holder shall have the authority and obligation to determine whether the restriction contained in this Section will limit any
particular conversion hereunder and to the extent that the Holder determines that the limitation contained in this Section applies
the determination of which portion of the principal amount of Note are convertible shall be the responsibility and obligation of
the Holder. If the Holder has delivered a Conversion Notice for a principal amount of Note that would result in the issuance of
in excess of the permitted amount hereunder
 without regard to any other shares that the Holder or its affiliates may beneficially
own
 the Company shall notify the Holder of this fact and shall honor the conversion for the maximum principal amount permitted
to be converted on such Conversion Date and
 at the option of the Holder
 either retain any principal amount tendered for conversion
in excess of the permitted amount hereunder for future conversions or return such excess principal amount to the Holder. The provisions
of this Section may be waived by a Holder (but only as to itself and not to any other Holder) upon not less than 65 days prior
notice to the Company. Other Holders shall be unaffected by any such waiver.


    
    



Note shall be construed as conferring upon the Holder the right to vote or to receive dividends or to consent or receive notice
as a shareholder in respect of any meeting of shareholders or any rights whatsoever as a shareholder of the Company
 unless and
to the extent converted in accordance with the terms hereof.


S WHEREOF
 the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized.


 2014



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    




    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
















     







THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE OR UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
AS AMENDED. THE SECURITIES ARE RESTRICTED AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED
 RESOLD
 PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE
ACT PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION OR SAFE HARBOR THEREFROM.



    
$10
000





2015

THIS
Note is a duly authorized issuance of up to $10
ATTITUDE DRINKS INCORPORATED
a
Delaware corporation (the 

FOR VALUE
RECEIVED
&quot;Holder&quot;)
the principal sum of ten thousand and 00/100 Dollars (US $10
000.00) on August 31
 2015 (the
The principal of this Note is payable in United States
dollars
 at the address last appearing on the Note Register of the Company as designated in writing by the Holder. The Company
will pay the outstanding principal amount of this Note in cash on the Maturity Date to the registered holder of this Note. The
forwarding of such wire transfer shall constitute a payment hereunder and shall satisfy and discharge the liability for principal
on this Note to the extent of the sum represented by such check or wire transfer plus any amounts so deducted.


following additional provisions:


Note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate principal amount of Note of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the
Holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be made for such registration or transfer or exchange.



3.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;This
Note has been issued subject to investment representations of the original purchaser hereof and may be transferred or exchanged
only in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &quot;Act&quot;)
 and other applicable state and foreign securities
laws. In the event of any proposed transfer of this Note
 the Company may require
 prior to issuance of a new Note in the name
of such other person
 that it receive reasonable transfer documentation including legal opinions that the issuance of the Note
in such other name does not and will not cause a violation of the Act or any applicable state or foreign securities laws. Prior
to due presentment for transfer of this Note

this Note is duly registered on the Company's Note Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein
provided and for all other purposes
 whether or not this Note be overdue
 and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected
by notice to the contrary.


    
    



provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company
 which is absolute and unconditional
 to pay the principal
of this Note at the time
 place
 and rate
 and in the coin or currency
 herein prescribed. This Note is a direct obligation of
the Company.


Holder of the Note
 by acceptance hereof
 agrees that this Note is being acquired for investment and that such Holder will not
offer
 sell or otherwise dispose of this Note except under circumstances which will not result in a violation of the Act or any
applicable state Blue Sky or foreign laws or similar laws relating to the sale of securities.


Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. Each of the parties consents to the
jurisdiction of the federal courts whose districts encompass any part of the City of New York or the state courts of the State
of New York sitting in the City of New York in connection with. any dispute arising under this Note and hereby waives
 to the maximum
extent permitted by law
 any objection

 
proceeding in such jurisdictions. Each of the parties hereby waives the right to a trial by jury in connection with any dispute
arising under this Note.


following shall constitute an &quot;Event of Default&quot;:


The Company shall default in the payment of principal




Any of the representations or warranties made by the
Company herein
 in any certificate or financial or other written statements heretofore or hereafter furnished by the Company in
connection with the execution and delivery of this Note shall be false or misleading in any material respect at the time made;




The Company shall fail to perform or observe
 in any
material respect
 any other covenant
n
 provision
 condition
 agreement or obligation of any Note and such failure








The Company shall (1) make an assignment for the benefit

of a trustee
 liquidator or receiver for its or for a substantial part of its property or business; or



    
    



A trustee
 liquidator or receiver shall be appointed
for the Company or for a substantial part of its property or business without its consent and shall not be discharged within sixty




Any governmental agency or any court of competent jurisdiction at
the instance of any governmental agency shall assume custody or control of the whole or any substantial portion of the properties
or assets of the Company and shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days thereafter; or


Any money judgment
 writ or warrant of attachment
 or
similar process in excess of Two Hundred Thousand ($200
000) Dollars in the aggregate shall be entered or filed against the Company
or any of its properties or other assets and shall remain unpaid
 unvacated
 unbonded or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days




 reorganization
 insolvency
or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall
be instituted by or against the Company and
 if instituted against the Company
 shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days after
such institution or the Company shall by any action or answer approve of
 consent to
 or acquiesce in any such proceedings or admit
the material allegations of
 or default in answering a petition filed in any such proceeding; or


 or at any time thereafter
 and in
each and every such case
 unless such Event of Default shall have been waived in writing by the Holder (which waiver shall not
be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent default) at the option of the Holder and in the Holder's sole discretion
 the Holder
may consider all obligations under this Note immediately due and payable within five (5) days of notice
 without presentment
 demand
protest or notice of any kinds
 all of which are hereby expressly waived
 anything herein or in any note or other instruments contained
to the contrary notwithstanding
 and the Holder may immediately enforce any and all of the Holder's rights and remedies provided
herein or any other rights or remedies afforded by law.


    
    



WHEREOF
 the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized.


 2014



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    



    
















     







THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE OR UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
AS AMENDED. THE SECURITIES ARE RESTRICTED AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED
 RESOLD
 PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE
ACT PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION OR SAFE HARBOR THEREFROM.



    
$10
000





2015

THIS
Note is a duly authorized issuance of up to $10
ATTITUDE DRINKS INCORPORATED
a
Delaware corporation (the 

FOR VALUE
RECEIVED
&quot;Holder&quot;)
the principal sum of ten thousand and 00/100 Dollars (US $10
000.00) on August 31
 2015 (the
The principal of this Note is payable in United States
dollars
 at the address last appearing on the Note Register of the Company as designated in writing by the Holder. The Company
will pay the outstanding principal amount of this Note in cash on the Maturity Date to the registered holder of this Note. The
forwarding of such wire transfer shall constitute a payment hereunder and shall satisfy and discharge the liability for principal
on this Note to the extent of the sum represented by such check or wire transfer plus any amounts so deducted.


following additional provisions:


Note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate principal amount of Note of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the
Holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be made for such registration or transfer or exchange.



3.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;This
Note has been issued subject to investment representations of the original purchaser hereof and may be transferred or exchanged
only in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &quot;Act&quot;)
 and other applicable state and foreign securities
laws. In the event of any proposed transfer of this Note
 the Company may require
 prior to issuance of a new Note in the name
of such other person
 that it receive reasonable transfer documentation including legal opinions that the issuance of the Note
in such other name does not and will not cause a violation of the Act or any applicable state or foreign securities laws. Prior
to due presentment for transfer of this Note

this Note is duly registered on the Company's Note Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein
provided and for all other purposes
 whether or not this Note be overdue
 and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected
by notice to the contrary.


    
    




provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company
 which is absolute and unconditional
 to pay the principal
of this Note at the time
 place
 and rate
 and in the coin or currency
 herein prescribed. This Note is a direct obligation of
the Company.


Holder of the Note
 by acceptance hereof
 agrees that this Note is being acquired for investment and that such Holder will not
offer
 sell or otherwise dispose of this Note except under circumstances which will not result in a violation of the Act or any
applicable state Blue Sky or foreign laws or similar laws relating to the sale of securities.


Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. Each of the parties consents to the
jurisdiction of the federal courts whose districts encompass any part of the City of New York or the state courts of the State
of New York sitting in the City of New York in connection with. any dispute arising under this Note and hereby waives
 to the maximum
extent permitted by law
 any objection

 
proceeding in such jurisdictions. Each of the parties hereby waives the right to a trial by jury in connection with any dispute
arising under this Note.


following shall constitute an &quot;Event of Default&quot;:


Company shall default in the payment of principal on this Note and same shall continue for a period of five (5) days; or


of the representations or warranties made by the Company herein
 in any certificate or financial or other written statements heretofore
or hereafter furnished by the Company in connection with the execution and delivery of this Note shall be false or misleading in
any material respect at the time made; or


Company shall fail to perform or observe
 in any material respect
 any other covenant
n
 provision
 condition
agreement or obligation of any Note and such failure shall continue uncured for a period of thirty (30) days after written notice
from the Holder of such failure; or




Company shall (1) make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or commence proceedings for its dissolution; or (2) apply for

 liquidator or receiver for its or for a substantial part
of its property or business; or


    
    



trustee
 liquidator or receiver shall be appointed for the Company or for a substantial part of its property or business without
its consent and shall not be discharged within sixty (60) days after such appointment; or



agency shall assume custody or control of the whole or any substantial portion of the properties or assets of the Company and
shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days thereafter; or


money judgment
 writ or warrant of attachment
 or similar process in excess of Two Hundred Thousand ($200
000) Dollars in the aggregate
shall be entered or filed against the Company or any of its properties or other assets and shall remain unpaid
 unvacated
 unbonded
or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days or in any event later than five (5) days prior to the date of any proposed sale thereunder;
or


 reorganization
 insolvency
or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall
be instituted by or against the Company and
 if instituted against the Company
 shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days after
such institution or the Company shall by any action or answer approve of
 consent to
 or acquiesce in any such proceedings or admit
the material allegations of
 or default in answering a petition filed in any such proceeding; or


 or at any time thereafter
 and in each and every such
case
 unless such Event of Default shall have been waived in writing by the Holder (which waiver shall not be deemed to be a waiver
of any subsequent default) at the option of the Holder and in the Holder's sole discretion
 the Holder may consider all obligations
under this Note immediately due and payable within five (5) days of notice
 without presentment
 demand
 protest or notice of any
kinds
 all of which are hereby expressly waived
 anything herein or in any note or other instruments contained to the contrary
notwithstanding
 and the Holder may immediately enforce any and all of the Holder's rights and remedies provided herein or any
other rights or remedies afforded by law.


    
    



WHEREOF
 the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized.


 2014



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    



    
















     





NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE BEEN
REGISTERED WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE OR UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED. THE SECURITIES ARE RESTRICTED AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED
 RESOLD
 PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED
UNDER THE ACT PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION OR SAFE HARBOR THEREFROM.



    
US $25
000.00


ATTITUDE
DRINKS INCORPORATED

PROMISSORY NOTE DUE JANUARY 31
 2016


of up to $25
000.00 of ATTITUDE DRINKS INCORPORATED
 a Delaware corporation and located at 712 U.S. Highway 1
 Suite #200
 North
Palm Beach
 Florida 33408 (the &quot;Company&quot;) designated as its Note
 pursuant to the Consulting Agreement entered into by
the Company and the Holder as of July 19
 2012.


the Company promises to pay to SOUTHRIDGE PARTNERS II
 LP
 the registered holder hereof (the &quot;Holder&quot;)
 the principal
sum of twenty five thousand and 00/100 Dollars (US $25
000.00) on January 31
 2016 (the &quot;Maturity Date&quot;). The principal
of this Note is payable at the option of the Holder at any time after the Maturity Date
 in shares of the Company's common stock
$.00001 par value per share (&quot;Common Stock&quot;) as set forth below
 or in United States dollars
 at the address last appearing
on the Note Register of the Company as designated in writing by the Holder. The Company will pay the outstanding principal amount
of this Note in cash on the Maturity Date to the registered holder of this Note. The forwarding of such wire transfer shall constitute
a payment hereunder and shall satisfy and discharge the liability for principal on this Note to the extent of the sum represented
by such check or wire transfer plus any amounts so deducted.




Note is issuable in denominations of Ten Thousand Dollars (US$10
000) and integral multiples thereof
 provided that the number
of shares to be issued upon conversion is a minimum of 3
000 (unless if at the time of election to convert the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon conversion is less than 3
000). The Note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate principal amount
of Note of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be made
for such registration or transfer or exchange.


    
    


2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The Holder of this
Note is entitled any time after the Maturity Date
 subject to the following provisions
 to convert all or a portion of the principal
amount of this Note into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price for each share of Common Stock equal to the Current Market
Price multiplied by eighty percent (80%) (the &quot;Conversion Price&quot;). &quot;Current Market Price&quot; means the average
of the closing bid prices for the Common Stock as reported by Bloomberg
 LP or
 if not so reported
 as reported on the over-the-counter
market
 for the five (5) trading days ending on the trading day immediately before the relevant Conversion Date (as defined below).
The amount of shares issuable pursuant to a conversion shall equal the principal amount (or portion thereof) of the Note to be
converted
 divided by the Conversion Price.


effectuated by surrendering the Note to the Company
 accompanied by or preceded by facsimile or other delivery to the Company of
the form of conversion notice attached hereto as Exhibit A
 executed by the Holder evidencing such Holder's intention to convert
a specified portion hereof No fractional shares of Common Stock or scrip representing fractions of shares will be issued on conversion
but the number of shares issuable shall be rounded to the nearest whole share. The date on which notice of conversion is given
(the &quot;Conversion Date&quot;) shall be deemed to be the date on which the Holder faxes or otherwise delivers the conversion
notice (&quot;Notice of Conversion&quot;)
 substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A
 duly executed
 to the Company.
&nbsp;)
 Certificates representing Common Stock upon conversion will be delivered within three (3)
business days from the Conversion Date. (&quot;Delivery Date&quot;)


that a delay in the issuance of the Shares of Common Stock beyond the Delivery Date (as defined in this Section) could result in
economic loss to the Holder. As compensation to the Holder for such loss
 the Company agrees to pay late payments to the Holder
for late issuance of Shares upon Conversion
 unless the delay is due to causes beyond the reasonable control of the Company or
the Transfer Agent
 in accordance with the following schedule (where &quot;No. Business Days Late&quot; refers to the number of
business days which is beyond three (3)) business days after the Delivery Date):'



    
Late&nbsp;Payment&nbsp;For&nbsp;Each&nbsp;$10
000
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
1
000

    
$1
000+$200 for each Business Day Late &nbsp;beyond 10 days



    
    




any payments incurred under this Section in immediately available funds upon demand as the Holder's remedy for such delay. Furthermore
in addition to any other remedies which may be available to the Holder
 in the event that the Company fails for any reason to effect
delivery of such shares of Common Stock by close of business on the Delivery Date
 unless such failure is due to causes beyond
the Company's reasonable control or that of its Transfer Agent
 the Holder will be entitled to revoke the relevant Notice of Conversion
by delivering a notice to such effect to the Company
 whereupon the Company and the Holder shall each be restored to their respective
positions immediately prior to delivery of such Notice of Conversion; provided
 however
 that an amount equal to any payments contemplated
by this Section which have accrued through the date of such revocation notice shall remain due and owing to the Converting Holder
notwithstanding such revocation.


 by the relevant
Delivery Date
 the Company fails
 unless such failure is due to causes beyond the Company's reasonable control or that of its Transfer
Agent
 for any reason to deliver the Shares to be issued upon conversion of the Note and after such Delivery Date
 the Holder of
the Note being converted (a &quot;Converting Holder&quot;) purchases
 in an arm's-length open market transaction or otherwise
shares of Common Stock (the &quot;Covering Shares&quot;) in order to make delivery in satisfaction of a sale of Common Stock by
the Converting Holder (the &quot;Sold Shares&quot;)
 which delivery such Converting Holder anticipated to make using the Shares
to be issued upon such conversion (a &quot;Buy-In&quot;)
 the Converting Holder shall have the right
 to require the Company to
pay to the Converting Holder
 in addition to and not in lieu of the amounts due hereunder (but in addition to all other amounts
contemplated in other provisions of the Transaction Agreements
 and not in lieu of any such other amounts)
 the Buy-In Adjustment
Amount (as defined below). The &quot;Buy-hi Adjustment Amount&quot; is the amount equal to the excess
 if any
 of (x) the Converting
Holder's total purchase price (including brokerage commissions
 if any) for the Covering Shares over (y) the net proceeds (after
brokerage commissions
 if any) received by the Converting Holder from the sale of the Sold Shares. The Company shall pay the Buy-In
Adjustment Amount to the Company in immediately available funds immediately upon demand by the Converting Holder. By way of illustration
and not in limitation of the foregoing
 if the Converting Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price
(including brokerage commissions) of $11
000 to cover a Buy-1n with respect to shares of Common Stock it sold for net proceeds
of $10
000
 the Buy-In Adjustment Amount which Company will be required to pay to the Converting Holder will be $1
000.


    
    



In
 conversion
 provided the Company's Transfer Agent is participating in the Depository
Trust Company (&quot;DTC&quot;) Fast Automated Securities Transfer program
 upon request of the Holder and its compliance with
the provisions contained in this paragraph
 so long as the certificates therefore do not bear a legend and the Holder thereof is
not obligated to return such certificate for the placement of a legend thereon
 the Company shall use its best efforts to cause
its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable upon conversion to the Holder by crediting the account
of Holder's Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system.

The
Holder of the Note shall be entitled to exercise its conversion privilege with respect to the Note notwithstanding the commencement
 (the &quot;Bankruptcy Code&quot;). In
the event the Company is a debtor under the Bankruptcy Code
 the Company hereby waives
 to the fullest extent permitted
 any rights
to relief it may have under 11 U. S .C. &sect;362 in respect of such holder's conversion privilege. The Company hereby waives
to the fullest extent permitted
 any rights to relief it may have under 11 U.S.C. &sect;362 in respect of the conversion of the
Note.


Note has been issued subject to investment representations of the original purchaser hereof and may be transferred or exchanged
only in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &quot;Act&quot;)
 and other applicable state and foreign securities
laws. In the event of any proposed transfer of this Note
 the Company may require
 prior to issuance of a new Note in the name
of such other person
 that it receive reasonable transfer documentation including legal opinions that the issuance of the Note
in such other name does not and will not cause a violation of the Act or any applicable state or foreign securities laws. Prior
to due presentment for transfer of this Note
 the Company and any agent of the Company may treat the person in whose name this
Note is duly registered on the Company's Note Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided
and for all other purposes
 whether or not this Note be overdue
 and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected by
notice to the contrary.


provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company
 which is absolute and unconditional
 to pay the principal
of this Note at the time
 place
 and rate
 and in the coin or currency
 herein prescribed. This Note is a direct obligation of
the Company.


Holder of the Note
 by acceptance hereof
 agrees that this Note is being acquired for investment and that such Holder will not
offer
 sell or otherwise dispose of this Note or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof except under circumstances
which will not result in a violation of the Act or any applicable state Blue Sky or foreign laws or similar laws relating to the
sale of securities.

Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut. Each of the parties consents to
the jurisdiction of the federal or state courts whose districts encompass any part of the State of Connecticut in connection with
any dispute arising under this Note and hereby waives
 to the maximum extent permitted by law
 any objection
 including any objection

 


    
    



Each of the parties hereby waives the right to a trial by jury in connection with any dispute arising under this
Note.


following shall constitute an &quot;Event of Default&quot;:


The Company shall default in the payment of principal




Any of the representations or warranties made by the
Company herein
 in any certificate or financial or other written statements heretofore or hereafter furnished by the Company in
connection with the execution and delivery of this Note shall be false or misleading in any material respect at the time made;




The Company shall fail to perform or observe
 in any
material respect
 any other covenant
 term
 provision
 condition
 agreement or obligation of any Note and such failure shall continue




The Company fails to authorize or to cause its Transfer
Agent to issue shares of Common Stock upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the
terms of this Note
 fails to transfer or to cause its Transfer Agent to transfer any certificate for shares of Common Stock issued
to the Holder upon conversion of this Note and when required by this Note
 and such transfer is otherwise lawful
 or fails to
remove any restrictive legend on any certificate or fails to cause its Transfer Agent to remove such restricted legend
 in each
case where such removal is lawful
 as and when required by this Note
 the Agreement
 and any such failure shall continue uncured




The Company shall (1) admit in writing its inability
to pay its debts generally as they mature; (2) make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or commence proceedings for its
dissolution; or (3) apply for or consent to the appointment of a trustee
 liquidator or receiver for its or for a substantial




A trustee
 liquidator or receiver shall be appointed
for the Company or for a substantial part of its property or business without its consent and shall not be discharged within sixty



Any governmental agency or any court of competent jurisdiction
at the instance of any governmental agency shall assume custody or control of the
whole or any substantial portion of the properties or assets of the Company and shall
not be dismissed within sixty (60) days thereafter; or



    
    



Any money judgment
 writ or warrant of attachment
 or
similar process in excess of Two Hundred Thousand ($200
000) Dollars in the aggregate shall be entered or filed against the Company
or any of its properties or other assets and shall remain unpaid
 unvacated
 unbonded or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days




 reorganization
 insolvency
or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall
be instituted by or against the Company and
 if instituted against the Company
 shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days after
such institution or the Company shall by any action or answer approve of; consent to
 or acquiesce in any such proceedings or admit
the material allegations of
 or default in answering a petition filed in any such proceeding; or


Stock suspended or delisted from an exchange or over-the-counter market from trading for in excess of five trading days.


 or at any time
thereafter
 and in each and every such case
 unless such Event of Default shall have been waived in writing by the Holder (which
waiver shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent default) at the option of the Holder and in the Holders sole discretion
the Holder may consider all obligations under this Note immediately due and payable within five (5) days of notice
 without presentment
demand
 protest or notice of any kinds
 all of which are hereby expressly waived
 anything herein or in any note or other instruments
contained to the contrary notwithstanding
 and the Holder may immediately enforce any and all of the Holders rights and remedies
provided herein or any other rights or remedies afforded by law.


Holder may not convert this Note to the extent such conversion would result in the Holder
 together with any affiliate thereof
beneficially owning (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder) in
excess of 9.999% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock held by such Holder after application of this Section.
Since the Holder will not be obligated to report to the Company the number of shares of Common Stock it may hold at the time of
a conversion hereunder
 unless the conversion at issue would result in the issuance of shares of Common Stock in excess of 9.999%
of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock without regard to any other shares which may be beneficially owned by the Holder
or an affiliate thereof; the Holder shall have the authority and obligation to determine whether the restriction contained in this
Section will limit any particular conversion hereunder and to the extent that the Holder determines that the limitation contained
in this Section applies
 the determination of which portion of the principal amount of Note are convertible shall be the responsibility
and obligation of the Holder. If the Holder has delivered a Conversion Notice for a principal amount of Note that would result
in the issuance of in excess of the permitted amount hereunder
 without regard to any other shares that the Holder or its affiliates
may beneficially own
 the Company shall notify the Holder of this fact and shall honor the conversion for the maximum principal
amount permitted to be converted on such Conversion Date and
 at the option of the Holder
 either retain any principal amount tendered
for conversion in excess of the permitted amount hereunder for future conversions or return such excess principal amount to the
Holder. The provisions of this Section may be waived by a Holder (but only as to itself and not to any other Holder) upon not less
than 65 days prior notice to the Company. Other Holders shall be unaffected by any such waiver.


    
    



contained in this Note shall be construed as conferring upon the Holder the right to vote or to receive dividends or to consent
or receive notice as a shareholder in respect of any meeting of shareholders or any rights whatsoever as a shareholder of the Company
unless and to the extent converted in accordance with the terms hereof.


S WHEREOF
 the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized.


 2014


    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    














     







THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE OR UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
AS AMENDED. THE SECURITIES ARE RESTRICTED AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED
 RESOLD
 PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE
ACT PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION OR SAFE HARBOR THEREFROM.



    
$10
000





30
 2015

THIS
Note is a duly authorized issuance of up to $10
ATTITUDE DRINKS INCORPORATED
a
Delaware corporation (the 

FOR VALUE
RECEIVED
&quot;Holder&quot;)
the principal sum of ten thousand and 00/100 Dollars (US $10
000.00) on September 30
 2015 (the
The principal of this Note is payable in United States
dollars
 at the address last appearing on the Note Register of the Company as designated in writing by the Holder. The Company
will pay the outstanding principal amount of this Note in cash on the Maturity Date to the registered holder of this Note. The
forwarding of such wire transfer shall constitute a payment hereunder and shall satisfy and discharge the liability for principal
on this Note to the extent of the sum represented by such check or wire transfer plus any amounts so deducted.


following additional provisions:


Note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate principal amount of Note of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the
Holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be made for such registration or transfer or exchange.



3.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;This
Note has been issued subject to investment representations of the original purchaser hereof and may be transferred or exchanged
only in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &quot;Act&quot;)
 and other applicable state and foreign securities
laws. In the event of any proposed transfer of this Note
 the Company may require
 prior to issuance of a new Note in the name
of such other person
 that it receive reasonable transfer documentation including legal opinions that the issuance of the Note
in such other name does not and will not cause a violation of the Act or any applicable state or foreign securities laws. Prior
to due presentment for transfer of this Note

this Note is duly registered on the Company's Note Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein
provided and for all other purposes
 whether or not this Note be overdue
 and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected
by notice to the contrary.


    
    



provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company
 which is absolute and unconditional
 to pay the principal
of this Note at the time
 place
 and rate
 and in the coin or currency
 herein prescribed. This Note is a direct obligation of
the Company.


Holder of the Note
 by acceptance hereof
 agrees that this Note is being acquired for investment and that such Holder will not
offer
 sell or otherwise dispose of this Note except under circumstances which will not result in a violation of the Act or any
applicable state Blue Sky or foreign laws or similar laws relating to the sale of securities.


Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. Each of the parties consents to the
jurisdiction of the federal courts whose districts encompass any part of the City of New York or the state courts of the State
of New York sitting in the City of New York in connection with. any dispute arising under this Note and hereby waives
 to the maximum
extent permitted by law
 any objection

 
proceeding in such jurisdictions. Each of the parties hereby waives the right to a trial by jury in connection with any dispute
arising under this Note.


following shall constitute an &quot;Event of Default&quot;:


The Company shall default in the payment of principal




Any of the representations or warranties made by the
Company herein
 in any certificate or financial or other written statements heretofore or hereafter furnished by the Company in
connection with the execution and delivery of this Note shall be false or misleading in any material respect at the time made;




The Company shall fail to perform or observe
 in any
material respect
 any other covenant
n
 provision
 condition
 agreement or obligation of any Note and such failure








The Company shall (1) make an assignment for the benefit

of a trustee
 liquidator or receiver for its or for a substantial part of its property or business; or



    
    



A trustee
 liquidator or receiver shall be appointed
for the Company or for a substantial part of its property or business without its consent and shall not be discharged within sixty




Any governmental agency or any court of competent jurisdiction at
the instance of any governmental agency shall assume custody or control of the whole or any substantial portion of the properties
or assets of the Company and shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days thereafter; or


Any money judgment
 writ or warrant of attachment
 or
similar process in excess of Two Hundred Thousand ($200
000) Dollars in the aggregate shall be entered or filed against the Company
or any of its properties or other assets and shall remain unpaid
 unvacated
 unbonded or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days




 reorganization
 insolvency
or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall
be instituted by or against the Company and
 if instituted against the Company
 shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days after
such institution or the Company shall by any action or answer approve of
 consent to
 or acquiesce in any such proceedings or admit
the material allegations of
 or default in answering a petition filed in any such proceeding; or


 or at any time thereafter
 and in
each and every such case
 unless such Event of Default shall have been waived in writing by the Holder (which waiver shall not
be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent default) at the option of the Holder and in the Holder's sole discretion
 the Holder
may consider all obligations under this Note immediately due and payable within five (5) days of notice
 without presentment
 demand
protest or notice of any kinds
 all of which are hereby expressly waived
 anything herein or in any note or other instruments contained
to the contrary notwithstanding
 and the Holder may immediately enforce any and all of the Holder's rights and remedies provided
herein or any other rights or remedies afforded by law.


    
    



WHEREOF
 the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized.


 2014



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    



    
















     






30
 2014


THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE OR UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
AS AMENDED. THE SECURITIES ARE RESTRICTED AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED
 RESOLD
 PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE
ACT PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION OR SAFE HARBOR THEREFROM.



    
    





2015

THIS
ATTITUDE DRINKS INCORPORATED
a
Delaware corporation (the 

FOR VALUE
RECEIVED
the
&quot;Holder&quot;)
the principal sum of __________
and 00/100 Dollars (US $10
000.00) on August 31
The
principal of this Note is payable in United States dollars
 at the address last appearing on the Note Register of the Company as
designated in writing by the Holder. The Company will pay the outstanding principal amount of this Note in cash on the Maturity
Date to the registered holder of this Note. The forwarding of such wire transfer shall constitute a payment hereunder and shall
satisfy and discharge the liability for principal on this Note to the extent of the sum represented by such check or wire transfer
plus any amounts so deducted.


following additional provisions:


Note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate principal amount of Note of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the
Holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be made for such registration or transfer or exchange.




    
    


3.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;This
Note has been issued subject to investment representations of the original purchaser hereof and may be transferred or exchanged
only in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &quot;Act&quot;)
 and other applicable state and foreign securities
laws. In the event of any proposed transfer of this Note
 the Company may require
 prior to issuance of a new Note in the name
of such other person
 that it receive reasonable transfer documentation including legal opinions that the issuance of the Note
in such other name does not and will not cause a violation of the Act or any applicable state or foreign securities laws. Prior
to due presentment for transfer of this Note

this Note is duly registered on the Company's Note Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein
provided and for all other purposes
 whether or not this Note be overdue
 and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected
by notice to the contrary.


provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company
 which is absolute and unconditional
 to pay the principal
of this Note at the time
 place
 and rate
 and in the coin or currency
 herein prescribed. This Note is a direct obligation of
the Company.


Holder of the Note
 by acceptance hereof
 agrees that this Note is being acquired for investment and that such Holder will not
offer
 sell or otherwise dispose of this Note except under circumstances which will not result in a violation of the Act or any
applicable state Blue Sky or foreign laws or similar laws relating to the sale of securities.


Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. Each of the parties consents to the
jurisdiction of the federal courts whose districts encompass any part of the City of New York or the state courts of the State
of New York sitting in the City of New York in connection with. any dispute arising under this Note and hereby waives
 to the maximum
extent permitted by law
 any objection

 
proceeding in such jurisdictions. Each of the parties hereby waives the right to a trial by jury in connection with any dispute
arising under this Note.


following shall constitute an &quot;Event of Default&quot;:


The Company shall default in the payment of principal on this Note and same shall continue for
a period of five (5) days; or


Any of the representations or warranties made by the Company herein
 in any certificate or financial
or other written statements heretofore or hereafter furnished by the Company in connection with the execution and delivery of this
Note shall be false or misleading in any material respect at the time made; or


The Company shall fail to perform or observe
 in any material respect
 any other covenant
n
provision
 condition
 agreement or obligation of any Note and such failure shall continue uncured for a period of thirty (30) days
after written notice from the Holder of such failure; or





    
    



The Company shall (1) make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or commence proceedings for

 liquidator or receiver
for its or for a substantial part of its property or business; or


A trustee
 liquidator or receiver shall be appointed for the Company or for a substantial part
of its property or business without its consent and shall not be discharged within sixty (60) days after such appointment; or


Any governmental agency or any court of competent jurisdiction at
the instance of any governmental agency shall assume custody or control of the whole or any substantial portion of the properties
or assets of the Company and shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days thereafter; or


Any money judgment
 writ or warrant of attachment
 or similar process in excess of Two Hundred
Thousand ($200
000) Dollars in the aggregate shall be entered or filed against the Company or any of its properties or other assets
and shall remain unpaid
 unvacated
 unbonded or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days or in any event later than five (5) days
prior to the date of any proposed sale thereunder; or


 reorganization
 insolvency
or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall
be instituted by or against the Company and
 if instituted against the Company
 shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days after
such institution or the Company shall by any action or answer approve of
 consent to
 or acquiesce in any such proceedings or admit
the material allegations of
 or default in answering a petition filed in any such proceeding; or


 or at any time thereafter
 and in each and every such
case
 unless such Event of Default shall have been waived in writing by the Holder (which waiver shall not be deemed to be a waiver
of any subsequent default) at the option of the Holder and in the Holder's sole discretion
 the Holder may consider all obligations
under this Note immediately due and payable within five (5) days of notice
 without presentment
 demand
 protest or notice of any
kinds
 all of which are hereby expressly waived
 anything herein or in any note or other instruments contained to the contrary
notwithstanding
 and the Holder may immediately enforce any and all of the Holder's rights and remedies provided herein or any
other rights or remedies afforded by law.


    
    



WHEREOF
 the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized.


 2014



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    






    
15
000.00

    
15
000.00




    














     






NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE OR UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED. THE SECURITIES ARE RESTRICTED
AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED
 RESOLD
 PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE ACT PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION
OR SAFE HARBOR THEREFROM.



    
US $25
000.00


ATTITUDE
DRINKS INCORPORATED 


 2016


of up to $25
000.00 of ATTITUDE DRINKS INCORPORATED
 a Delaware corporation and located at 712 U.S. Highway 1
 Suite #200
 North
Palm Beach
 Florida 33408 (the &quot;Company&quot;) designated as its Note
 pursuant to the Consulting Agreement entered into by
the Company and the Holder as of July 19
 2012.


the Company promises to pay to SOUTHRIDGE PARTNERS II
 LP
 the registered holder hereof (the &quot;Holder&quot;)
 the principal
sum of twenty five thousand and 00/100 Dollars (US $25
000.00) on February 28
 2016 (the &quot;Maturity Date&quot;). The principal
of this Note is payable at the option of the Holder at any time after the Maturity Date
 in shares of the Company's common stock
$.00001 par value per share (&quot;Common Stock&quot;) as set forth below
 or in United States dollars
 at the address last appearing
on the Note Register of the Company as designated in writing by the Holder. The Company will pay the outstanding principal amount
of this Note in cash on the Maturity Date to the registered holder of this Note. The forwarding of such wire transfer shall constitute
a payment hereunder and shall satisfy and discharge the liability for principal on this Note to the extent of the sum represented
by such check or wire transfer plus any amounts so deducted.




Note is issuable in denominations of Ten Thousand Dollars (US$10
000) and integral multiples thereof
 provided that the
number of shares to be issued upon conversion is a minimum of 3
000 (unless if at the time of election to convert the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion is less than 3
000). The Note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate
principal amount of Note of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service
charge will be made for such registration or transfer or exchange.


    
    


2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Holder of this Note is entitled any time after the Maturity Date
 subject to the following provisions
 to convert all or a portion
of the principal amount of this Note into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price for each share of Common Stock equal to
the Current Market Price multiplied by eighty percent (80%) (the &quot;Conversion Price&quot;). &quot;Current Market Price&quot;
means the average of the closing bid prices for the Common Stock as reported by Bloomberg
 LP or
 if not so reported
 as reported
on the over-the-counter market
 for the five (5) trading days ending on the trading day immediately before the relevant Conversion
Date (as defined below). The amount of shares issuable pursuant to a conversion shall equal the principal amount (or portion thereof)
of the Note to be converted
 divided by the Conversion Price.


be effectuated by surrendering the Note to the Company
 accompanied by or preceded by facsimile or other delivery to the
Company of the form of conversion notice attached hereto as Exhibit A
 executed by the Holder evidencing such Holder's
intention to convert a specified portion hereof No fractional shares of Common Stock or scrip representing fractions of
shares will be issued on conversion
 but the number of shares issuable shall be rounded to the nearest whole share. The date
on which notice of conversion is given (the &quot;Conversion Date&quot;) shall be deemed to be the date on which the Holder
faxes or otherwise delivers the conversion notice (&quot;Notice of Conversion&quot;)
 substantially in the form annexed
hereto as Exhibit A
 duly executed
 to the Company. Facsimile delivery of the Notice of Conversion shall be accepted by the
 Certificates representing Common Stock
upon
Date&quot;)


that a delay in the issuance of the Shares of Common Stock beyond the Delivery Date (as defined in this Section) could result in
economic loss to the Holder. As compensation to the Holder for such loss
 the Company agrees to pay late payments to the Holder
for late issuance of Shares upon Conversion
 unless the delay is due to causes beyond the reasonable control of the Company or
the Transfer Agent
 in accordance with the following schedule (where &quot;No. Business Days Late&quot; refers to the number of
business days which is beyond three (3)) business days after the Delivery Date):'



    

000

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
1
000

    
$1
000+$200 for each Business
    Day Late beyond 10 days




    
    




any payments incurred under this Section in immediately available funds upon demand as the Holder's remedy for such delay. Furthermore
in addition to any other remedies which may be available to the Holder
 in the event that the Company fails for any reason to effect
delivery of such shares of Common Stock by close of business on the Delivery Date
 unless such failure is due to causes beyond
the Company's reasonable control or that of its Transfer Agent
 the Holder will be entitled to revoke the relevant Notice of Conversion
by delivering a notice to such effect to the Company
 whereupon the Company and the Holder shall each be restored to their respective
positions immediately prior to delivery of such Notice of Conversion; provided
 however
 that an amount equal to any payments contemplated
by this Section which have accrued through the date of such revocation notice shall remain due and owing to the Converting Holder
notwithstanding such revocation.


 by the relevant
Delivery Date
 the Company fails
 unless such failure is due to causes beyond the Company's reasonable control or that of its Transfer
Agent
 for any reason to deliver the Shares to be issued upon conversion of the Note and after such Delivery Date
 the Holder of
the Note being converted (a &quot;Converting Holder&quot;) purchases
 in an arm's-length open market transaction or otherwise
shares of Common Stock (the &quot;Covering Shares&quot;) in order to make delivery in satisfaction of a sale of Common Stock by
the Converting Holder (the &quot;Sold Shares&quot;)
 which delivery such Converting Holder anticipated to make using the Shares
to be issued upon such conversion (a &quot;Buy-In&quot;)
 the Converting Holder shall have the right
 to require the Company to
pay to the Converting Holder
 in addition to and not in lieu of the amounts due hereunder (but in addition to all other amounts
contemplated in other provisions of the Transaction Agreements
 and not in lieu of any such other amounts)
 the Buy-In Adjustment
Amount (as defined below). The &quot;Buy-hi Adjustment Amount&quot; is the amount equal to the excess
 if any
 of (x) the Converting
Holder's total purchase price (including brokerage commissions
 if any) for the Covering Shares over (y) the net proceeds (after
brokerage commissions
 if any) received by the Converting Holder from the sale of the Sold Shares. The Company shall pay the Buy-In
Adjustment Amount to the Company in immediately available funds immediately upon demand by the Converting Holder. By way of illustration
and not in limitation of the foregoing
 if the Converting Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price
(including brokerage commissions) of $11
000 to cover a Buy-1n with respect to shares of Common Stock it sold for net proceeds
of $10
000
 the Buy-In Adjustment Amount which Company will be required to pay to the Converting Holder will be $1
000.


    
    


In
lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Common Stock issuable upon conversion
 provided the Company's
Transfer Agent is participating in the Depository Trust Company (&quot;DTC&quot;) Fast Automated Securities Transfer program
upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions contained in this paragraph
 so long as the certificates
therefore do not bear a legend and the Holder thereof is not obligated to return such certificate for the placement of a
legend thereon
 the Company shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common
Stock issuable upon conversion to the Holder by crediting the account of Holder's Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit
Withdrawal Agent Commission system.

The
Holder of the Note shall be entitled to exercise its conversion privilege with respect to the Note notwithstanding the commencement
 (the &quot;Bankruptcy Code&quot;). In
the event the Company is a debtor under the Bankruptcy Code
 the Company hereby waives
 to the fullest extent permitted
 any rights
to relief it may have under 11 U. S .C. &sect;362 in respect of such holder's conversion privilege. The Company hereby waives
to the fullest extent permitted
 any rights to relief it may have under 11 U.S.C. &sect;362 in respect of the conversion of the
Note.


Note has been issued subject to investment representations of the original purchaser hereof and may be transferred or exchanged
only in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &quot;Act&quot;)
 and other applicable state and foreign securities
laws. In the event of any proposed transfer of this Note
 the Company may require
 prior to issuance of a new Note in the name
of such other person
 that it receive reasonable transfer documentation including legal opinions that the issuance of the Note
in such other name does not and will not cause a violation of the Act or any applicable state or foreign securities laws. Prior
to due presentment for transfer of this Note
 the Company and any agent of the Company may treat the person in whose name this
Note is duly registered on the Company's Note Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided
and for all other purposes
 whether or not this Note be overdue
 and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected by
notice to the contrary.


provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company
 which is absolute and unconditional
 to pay the principal
of this Note at the time
 place
 and rate
 and in the coin or currency
 herein prescribed. This Note is a direct obligation of
the Company.


Holder of the Note
 by acceptance hereof
 agrees that this Note is being acquired for investment and that such Holder will not
offer
 sell or otherwise dispose of this Note or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof except under circumstances
which will not result in a violation of the Act or any applicable state Blue Sky or foreign laws or similar laws relating to the
sale of securities.


Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut. Each of the parties consents to
the jurisdiction of the federal or state courts whose districts encompass any part of the State of Connecticut in connection with
any dispute arising under this Note and hereby waives
 to the maximum extent permitted by law
 any objection
 including any objection

 


    
    



waives the right to a trial by jury in connection with any dispute arising under this Note.


following shall constitute an &quot;Event of Default&quot;:


Company shall default in the payment of principal and interest on this Note and same shall continue for a period of five (5) days;
or


of the representations or warranties made by the Company herein
 in any certificate or financial or other written statements heretofore
or hereafter furnished by the Company in connection with the execution and delivery of this Note shall be false or misleading in
any material respect at the time made; or


Company shall fail to perform or observe
 in any material respect
 any other covenant
 term
 provision
 condition
 agreement or
obligation of any Note and such failure shall continue uncured for a period of thirty (30) days after written notice from the Holder
of such failure; or


Company fails to authorize or to cause its Transfer Agent to issue shares of Common Stock upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion
rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note
 fails to transfer or to cause its Transfer Agent to transfer any
certificate for shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of this Note and when required by this Note
 and such
transfer is otherwise lawful
 or fails to remove any restrictive legend on any certificate or fails to cause its Transfer Agent
to remove such restricted legend
 in each case where such removal is lawful
 as and when required by this Note
 the Agreement
and any such failure shall continue uncured for ten (10) business days; or


Company shall (1) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they mature; (2) make an assignment for the benefit
of creditors or commence proceedings for its dissolution; or (3) apply for or consent to the appointment of a trustee
 liquidator
or receiver for its or for a substantial part of its property or business; or


trustee
 liquidator or receiver shall be appointed for the Company or for a substantial part of its property or business without
its consent and shall not be discharged within sixty (60) days after such appointment; or


governmental agency or any court of competent jurisdiction at the instance of any governmental agency shall assume custody or

not be dismissed within sixty (60) days thereafter; or


    
    




money judgment
 writ or warrant of attachment
 or similar process in excess of Two Hundred Thousand ($200
000) Dollars in the
aggregate shall be entered or filed against the Company or any of its properties or other assets and shall remain unpaid
unvacated
 unbonded or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days or in any event later than five (5) days prior to the date of
any proposed sale thereunder; or


 reorganization
 insolvency
or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall
be instituted by or against the Company and
 if instituted against the Company
 shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days after
such institution or the Company shall by any action or answer approve of; consent to
 or acquiesce in any such proceedings or admit
the material allegations of
 or default in answering a petition filed in any such proceeding; or


Stock suspended or delisted from an exchange or over-the-counter market from trading for in excess of five trading days.


 or at any time
thereafter
 and in each and every such case
 unless such Event of Default shall have been waived in writing by the Holder (which
waiver shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent default) at the option of the Holder and in the Holders sole discretion
the Holder may consider all obligations under this Note immediately due and payable within five (5) days of notice
 without presentment
demand
 protest or notice of any kinds
 all of which are hereby expressly waived
 anything herein or in any note or other instruments
contained to the contrary notwithstanding
 and the Holder may immediately enforce any and all of the Holders rights and remedies
provided herein or any other rights or remedies afforded by law.


Holder may not convert this Note to the extent such conversion would result in the Holder
 together with any affiliate
thereof
 beneficially owning (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated
thereunder) in excess of 9.999% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock held by such Holder after
application of this Section. Since the Holder will not be obligated to report to the Company the number of shares of Common
Stock it may hold at the time of a conversion hereunder
 unless the conversion at issue would result in the issuance of
shares of Common Stock in excess of 9.999% of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock without regard to any other shares
which may be beneficially owned by the Holder or an affiliate thereof; the Holder shall have the authority and obligation to
determine whether the restriction contained in this Section will limit any particular conversion hereunder and to the extent
that the Holder determines that the limitation contained in this Section applies
 the determination of which portion of the
principal amount of Note are convertible shall be the responsibility and obligation of the Holder. If the Holder has
delivered a Conversion Notice for a principal amount of Note that would result in the issuance of in excess of the permitted
amount hereunder
 without regard to any other shares that the Holder or its affiliates may beneficially own
 the Company
shall notify the Holder of this fact and shall honor the conversion for the maximum principal amount permitted to be
converted on such Conversion Date and
 at the option of the Holder
 either retain any principal amount tendered for
conversion in excess of the permitted amount hereunder for future conversions or return such excess principal amount to the
Holder. The provisions of this Section may be waived by a Holder (but only as to itself and not to any other Holder) upon not
less than 65 days prior notice to the Company. Other Holders shall be unaffected by any such waiver.


    
    



contained in this Note shall be construed as conferring upon the Holder the right to vote or to receive dividends or to
consent or receive notice as a shareholder in respect of any meeting of shareholders or any rights whatsoever as a
shareholder of the Company
 unless and to the extent converted in accordance with the terms hereof.


S WHEREOF
 the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized.


 2014



    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    




    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    














     






NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE OR UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED. THE SECURITIES ARE RESTRICTED
AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED
 RESOLD
 PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE ACT PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION
OR SAFE HARBOR THEREFROM.



    
US $25
000.00





 2016


of up to $25
000.00 of ATTITUDE DRINKS INCORPORATED
 a Delaware corporation and located at 712 U.S. Highway 1
 Suite #200
 North
Palm Beach
 Florida 33408 (the &quot;Company&quot;) designated as its Note
 pursuant to the Consulting Agreement entered into by
the Company and the Holder as of July 19
 2012.


the Company promises to pay to SOUTHRIDGE PARTNERS II
 LP
 the registered holder hereof (the &quot;Holder&quot;)
 the principal
sum of twenty five thousand and 00/100 Dollars (US $25
000.00) on March 31
 2016 (the &quot;Maturity Date&quot;). The principal
of this Note is payable at the option of the Holder at any time after the Maturity Date
 in shares of the Company's common stock
$.00001 par value per share (&quot;Common Stock&quot;) as set forth below
 or in United States dollars
 at the address last appearing
on the Note Register of the Company as designated in writing by the Holder. The Company will pay the outstanding principal amount
of this Note in cash on the Maturity Date to the registered holder of this Note. The forwarding of such wire transfer shall constitute
a payment hereunder and shall satisfy and discharge the liability for principal on this Note to the extent of the sum represented
by such check or wire transfer plus any amounts so deducted.




of Ten Thousand Dollars (US$10
000) and integral multiples thereof
 provided that the number of shares to be issued upon conversion
is a minimum of 3
000 (unless if at the time of election to convert the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
is less than 3
000). The Note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate principal amount of Note of different authorized denominations
as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be made for such registration or transfer or exchange.


    
    


2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The Holder of this Note is entitled any time after the Maturity Date
 subject
to the following provisions
 to convert all or a portion of the principal amount of this Note into shares of Common Stock at a
conversion price for each share of Common Stock equal to the Current Market Price multiplied by eighty percent (80%) (the &quot;Conversion
Price&quot;). &quot;Current Market Price&quot; means the average of the closing bid prices for the Common Stock as reported by
Bloomberg
 LP or
 if not so reported
 as reported on the over-the-counter market
 for the five (5) trading days ending on the trading
day immediately before the relevant Conversion Date (as defined below). The amount of shares issuable pursuant to a conversion
shall equal the principal amount (or portion thereof) of the Note to be converted
 divided by the Conversion Price.


effectuated by surrendering the Note to the Company
 accompanied by or preceded by facsimile or other delivery to the Company of
the form of conversion notice attached hereto as Exhibit A
 executed by the Holder evidencing such Holder's intention to convert
a specified portion hereof No fractional shares of Common Stock or scrip representing fractions of shares will be issued on conversion
but the number of shares issuable shall be rounded to the nearest whole share. The date on which notice of conversion is given
(the &quot;Conversion Date&quot;) shall be deemed to be the date on which the Holder faxes or otherwise delivers the conversion
notice (&quot;Notice of Conversion&quot;)
 substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A
 duly executed
 to the Company.
)
 Certificates representing Common Stock upon conversion will be delivered within three (3)
business days from the Conversion Date. (&quot;Delivery Date&quot;)


that a delay in the issuance of the Shares of Common Stock beyond the Delivery Date (as defined in this Section) could result in
economic loss to the Holder. As compensation to the Holder for such loss
 the Company agrees to pay late payments to the Holder
for late issuance of Shares upon Conversion
 unless the delay is due to causes beyond the reasonable control of the Company or
the Transfer Agent
 in accordance with the following schedule (where &quot;No. Business Days Late&quot; refers to the number of
business days which is beyond three (3)) business days after the Delivery Date):'



    
Late Payment For Each $10
000

    
    

    
Amount Being
    Converted

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
1
000

    
$1
000+$200 for each Business Day Late beyond 10 days



    
    



any payments incurred under this Section in immediately available funds upon demand as the Holder's remedy for such delay. Furthermore
in addition to any other remedies which may be available to the Holder
 in the event that the Company fails for any reason to effect
delivery of such shares of Common Stock by close of business on the Delivery Date
 unless such failure is due to causes beyond
the Company's reasonable control or that of its Transfer Agent
 the Holder will be entitled to revoke the relevant Notice of Conversion
by delivering a notice to such effect to the Company
 whereupon the Company and the Holder shall each be restored to their respective
positions immediately prior to delivery of such Notice of Conversion; provided
 however
 that an amount equal to any payments contemplated
by this Section which have accrued through the date of such revocation notice shall remain due and owing to the Converting Holder
notwithstanding such revocation.


 by the relevant
Delivery Date
 the Company fails
 unless such failure is due to causes beyond the Company's reasonable control or that of its Transfer
Agent
 for any reason to deliver the Shares to be issued upon conversion of the Note and after such Delivery Date
 the Holder of
the Note being converted (a &quot;Converting Holder&quot;) purchases
 in an arm's-length open market transaction or otherwise
shares of Common Stock (the &quot;Covering Shares&quot;) in order to make delivery in satisfaction of a sale of Common Stock by
the Converting Holder (the &quot;Sold Shares&quot;)
 which delivery such Converting Holder anticipated to make using the Shares
to be issued upon such conversion (a &quot;Buy-In&quot;)
 the Converting Holder shall have the right
 to require the Company to
pay to the Converting Holder
 in addition to and not in lieu of the amounts due hereunder (but in addition to all other amounts
contemplated in other provisions of the Transaction Agreements
 and not in lieu of any such other amounts)
 the Buy-In Adjustment
Amount (as defined below). The &quot;Buy-hi Adjustment Amount&quot; is the amount equal to the excess
 if any
 of (x) the Converting
Holder's total purchase price (including brokerage commissions
 if any) for the Covering Shares over (y) the net proceeds (after
brokerage commissions
 if any) received by the Converting Holder from the sale of the Sold Shares. The Company shall pay the Buy-In
Adjustment Amount to the Company in immediately available funds immediately upon demand by the Converting Holder. By way of illustration
and not in limitation of the foregoing
 if the Converting Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price
(including brokerage commissions) of $11
000 to cover a Buy-1n with respect to shares of Common Stock it sold for net proceeds
of $10
000
 the Buy-In Adjustment Amount which Company will be required to pay to the Converting Holder will be $1
000.


    
    


In
conversion
 provided the Company's Transfer Agent is participating in the Depository
Trust Company (&quot;DTC&quot;) Fast Automated Securities Transfer program
 upon request of the Holder and its compliance with
the provisions contained in this paragraph
 so long as the certificates therefore do not bear a legend and the Holder thereof is
not obligated to return such certificate for the placement of a legend thereon
 the Company shall use its best efforts to cause
its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable upon conversion to the Holder by crediting the account
of Holder's Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system.

The
Holder of the Note shall be entitled to exercise its conversion privilege with respect to the Note notwithstanding the commencement
 (the &quot;Bankruptcy Code&quot;). In
the event the Company is a debtor under the Bankruptcy Code
 the Company hereby waives
 to the fullest extent permitted
 any rights
to relief it may have under 11 U. S .C. &sect;362 in respect of such holder's conversion privilege. The Company hereby waives
to the fullest extent permitted
 any rights to relief it may have under 11 U.S.C. &sect;362 in respect of the conversion of the
Note.


Note has been issued subject to investment representations of the original purchaser hereof and may be transferred or exchanged
only in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &quot;Act&quot;)
 and other applicable state and foreign securities
laws. In the event of any proposed transfer of this Note
 the Company may require
 prior to issuance of a new Note in the name
of such other person
 that it receive reasonable transfer documentation including legal opinions that the issuance of the Note
in such other name does not and will not cause a violation of the Act or any applicable state or foreign securities laws. Prior
to due presentment for transfer of this Note
 the Company and any agent of the Company may treat the person in whose name this
Note is duly registered on the Company's Note Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided
and for all other purposes
 whether or not this Note be overdue
 and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected by
notice to the contrary.


provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company
 which is absolute and unconditional
 to pay the principal
of this Note at the time
 place
 and rate
 and in the coin or currency
 herein prescribed. This Note is a direct obligation of
the Company.


Holder of the Note
 by acceptance hereof
 agrees that this Note is being acquired for investment and that such Holder will not
offer
 sell or otherwise dispose of this Note or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof except under circumstances
which will not result in a violation of the Act or any applicable state Blue Sky or foreign laws or similar laws relating to the
sale of securities.


Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut. Each of the parties consents to
the jurisdiction of the federal or state courts whose districts encompass any part of the State of Connecticut in connection with
any dispute arising under this Note and hereby waives
 to the maximum extent permitted by law
 any objection
 including any objection

 


    
    


Each of the parties hereby waives the right to a trial by jury in connection with any dispute arising under this
Note.


of Default&quot;:


The Company shall default in the payment of principal and interest on this Note and same shall
continue for a period of five (5) days; or


Any of the representations or warranties made by the Company herein
 in any certificate or financial
or other written statements heretofore or hereafter furnished by the Company in connection with the execution and delivery of this
Note shall be false or misleading in any material respect at the time made; or


The Company shall fail to perform or observe
 in any material respect
 any other covenant
 term
provision
 condition
 agreement or obligation of any Note and such failure shall continue uncured for a period of thirty (30) days
after written notice from the Holder of such failure; or


The Company fails to authorize or to cause its Transfer Agent to issue shares of Common Stock upon
exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note
 fails to transfer or to
cause its Transfer Agent to transfer any certificate for shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of this Note
and when required by this Note
 and such transfer is otherwise lawful
 or fails to remove any restrictive legend on any certificate
or fails to cause its Transfer Agent to remove such restricted legend
 in each case where such removal is lawful
 as and when required
by this Note
 the Agreement
 and any such failure shall continue uncured for ten (10) business days; or


The Company shall (1) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they mature;
(2) make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or commence proceedings for its dissolution; or (3) apply for or consent to
the appointment of a trustee
 liquidator or receiver for its or for a substantial part of its property or business; or


A trustee
 liquidator or receiver shall be appointed for the Company or for a substantial part
of its property or business without its consent and shall not be discharged within sixty (60) days after such appointment; or


Any governmental agency or any court of competent jurisdiction at the instance of any governmental
whole
or any substantial portion of the properties or assets of the Company and shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days thereafter;
or


    
    




Any money judgment
 writ or warrant of attachment
 or
similar process in excess of Two Hundred Thousand ($200
000) Dollars in the aggregate shall be entered or filed against the Company
or any of its properties or other assets and shall remain unpaid
 unvacated
 unbonded or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days




 reorganization
 insolvency
or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall
be instituted by or against the Company and
 if instituted against the Company
 shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days after
such institution or the Company shall by any action or answer approve of; consent to
 or acquiesce in any such proceedings or admit
the material allegations of
 or default in answering a petition filed in any such proceeding; or


Stock suspended or delisted from an exchange or over-the-counter market from trading for in excess of five trading days.


 or at any time
thereafter
 and in each and every such case
 unless such Event of Default shall have been waived in writing by the Holder (which
waiver shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent default) at the option of the Holder and in the Holders sole discretion
the Holder may consider all obligations under this Note immediately due and payable within five (5) days of notice
 without presentment
demand
 protest or notice of any kinds
 all of which are hereby expressly waived
 anything herein or in any note or other instruments
contained to the contrary notwithstanding
 and the Holder may immediately enforce any and all of the Holders rights and remedies
provided herein or any other rights or remedies afforded by law.


not convert this Note to the extent such conversion would result in the Holder
 together with any affiliate thereof
 beneficially
owning (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder) in excess of 9.999%
of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock held by such Holder after application of this Section. Since the Holder
will not be obligated to report to the Company the number of shares of Common Stock it may hold at the time of a conversion hereunder
unless the conversion at issue would result in the issuance of shares of Common Stock in excess of 9.999% of the then outstanding
shares of Common Stock without regard to any other shares which may be beneficially owned by the Holder or an affiliate thereof;
the Holder shall have the authority and obligation to determine whether the restriction contained in this Section will limit any
particular conversion hereunder and to the extent that the Holder determines that the limitation contained in this Section applies
the determination of which portion of the principal amount of Note are convertible shall be the responsibility and obligation of
the Holder. If the Holder has delivered a Conversion Notice for a principal amount of Note that would result in the issuance of
in excess of the permitted amount hereunder
 without regard to any other shares that the Holder or its affiliates may beneficially
own
 the Company shall notify the Holder of this fact and shall honor the conversion for the maximum principal amount permitted
to be converted on such Conversion Date and
 at the option of the Holder
 either retain any principal amount tendered for conversion
in excess of the permitted amount hereunder for future conversions or return such excess principal amount to the Holder. The provisions
of this Section may be waived by a Holder (but only as to itself and not to any other Holder) upon not less than 65 days prior
notice to the Company. Other Holders shall be unaffected by any such waiver.


    
    



contained in this Note shall be construed as conferring upon the Holder the right to vote or to receive dividends or to consent
or receive notice as a shareholder in respect of any meeting of shareholders or any rights whatsoever as a shareholder of the Company
unless and to the extent converted in accordance with the terms hereof.


S WHEREOF
 the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized.


 2014



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    




    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
















     






THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE OR UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
AS AMENDED. THE SECURITIES ARE RESTRICTED AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED
 RESOLD
 PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE
ACT PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION OR SAFE HARBOR THEREFROM.



    
$25
000





30
 2015

THIS
Note is a duly authorized issuance of up to $25
ATTITUDE DRINKS INCORPORATED
a
Delaware corporation (the 

FOR VALUE
RECEIVED
&quot;Holder&quot;)
the principal sum of ten thousand and 00/100 Dollars (US $10
000.00) on November 30
 2015 (the
The principal of this Note is payable in United States
dollars
 at the address last appearing on the Note Register of the Company as designated in writing by the Holder. The Company
will pay the outstanding principal amount of this Note in cash on the Maturity Date to the registered holder of this Note. The
forwarding of such wire transfer shall constitute a payment hereunder and shall satisfy and discharge the liability for principal
on this Note to the extent of the sum represented by such check or wire transfer plus any amounts so deducted.


following additional provisions:


Note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate principal amount of Note of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the
Holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be made for such registration or transfer or exchange.



3.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;This
Note has been issued subject to investment representations of the original purchaser hereof and may be transferred or exchanged
only in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &quot;Act&quot;)
 and other applicable state and foreign securities
laws. In the event of any proposed transfer of this Note
 the Company may require
 prior to issuance of a new Note in the name
of such other person
 that it receive reasonable transfer documentation including legal opinions that the issuance of the Note
in such other name does not and will not cause a violation of the Act or any applicable state or foreign securities laws. Prior
to due presentment for transfer of this Note

this Note is duly registered on the Company's Note Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein
provided and for all other purposes
 whether or not this Note be overdue
 and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected
by notice to the contrary.


    
    



provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company
 which is absolute and unconditional
 to pay the principal
of this Note at the time
 place
 and rate
 and in the coin or currency
 herein prescribed. This Note is a direct obligation of
the Company.


Holder of the Note
 by acceptance hereof
 agrees that this Note is being acquired for investment and that such Holder will not
offer
 sell or otherwise dispose of this Note except under circumstances which will not result in a violation of the Act or any
applicable state Blue Sky or foreign laws or similar laws relating to the sale of securities.


Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. Each of the parties consents to the
jurisdiction of the federal courts whose districts encompass any part of the City of New York or the state courts of the State
of New York sitting in the City of New York in connection with. any dispute arising under this Note and hereby waives
 to the maximum
extent permitted by law
 any objection

 
proceeding in such jurisdictions. Each of the parties hereby waives the right to a trial by jury in connection with any dispute
arising under this Note.


following shall constitute an &quot;Event of Default&quot;:


The Company shall default in the payment of principal on this Note and same shall continue for
a period of five (5) days; or


Any of the representations or warranties made by the Company herein
 in any certificate or financial
or other written statements heretofore or hereafter furnished by the Company in connection with the execution and delivery of this
Note shall be false or misleading in any material respect at the time made; or


The Company shall fail to perform or observe
 in any material respect
 any other covenant
n
provision
 condition
 agreement or obligation of any Note and such failure shall continue uncured for a period of thirty (30) days
after written notice from the Holder of such failure; or





The Company shall (1) make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or commence proceedings for

 liquidator or receiver
for its or for a substantial part of its property or business; or


    
    



A trustee
 liquidator or receiver shall be appointed for the Company or for a substantial part
of its property or business without its consent and shall not be discharged within sixty (60) days after such appointment; or


Any governmental agency or any court of competent jurisdiction at
the instance of any governmental agency shall assume custody or control of the whole or any substantial portion of the properties
or assets of the Company and shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days thereafter; or


Any money judgment
 writ or warrant of attachment
 or similar process in excess of Two Hundred
Thousand ($200
000) Dollars in the aggregate shall be entered or filed against the Company or any of its properties or other assets
and shall remain unpaid
 unvacated
 unbonded or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days or in any event later than five (5) days
prior to the date of any proposed sale thereunder; or


 reorganization
 insolvency
or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall
be instituted by or against the Company and
 if instituted against the Company
 shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days after
such institution or the Company shall by any action or answer approve of
 consent to
 or acquiesce in any such proceedings or admit
the material allegations of
 or default in answering a petition filed in any such proceeding; or


 or at any time thereafter
 and in
each and every such case
 unless such Event of Default shall have been waived in writing by the Holder (which waiver shall not
be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent default) at the option of the Holder and in the Holder's sole discretion
 the Holder
may consider all obligations under this Note immediately due and payable within five (5) days of notice
 without presentment
 demand
protest or notice of any kinds
 all of which are hereby expressly waived
 anything herein or in any note or other instruments contained
to the contrary notwithstanding
 and the Holder may immediately enforce any and all of the Holder's rights and remedies provided
herein or any other rights or remedies afforded by law.


    
    



WHEREOF
 the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized.


 2014



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    




    














     






NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE OR UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED. THE SECURITIES ARE RESTRICTED
AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED
 RESOLD
 PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE ACT PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION
OR SAFE HARBOR THEREFROM.



    
US $25
000.00


ATTITUDE
DRINKS INCORPORATED

PROMISSORY NOTE DUE APRIL 30
 2016


of up to $25
000.00 of ATTITUDE DRINKS INCORPORATED
 a Delaware corporation and located at 712 U.S. Highway 1
 Suite #200
 North
Palm Beach
 Florida 33408 (the &quot;Company&quot;) designated as its Note
 pursuant to the Consulting Agreement entered into by
the Company and the Holder as of July 19
 2012.


the Company promises to pay to SOUTHRIDGE PARTNERS II
 LP
 the registered holder hereof (the &quot;Holder&quot;)
 the principal
sum of twenty five thousand and 00/100 Dollars (US $25
000.00) on April 30
 2016 (the &quot;Maturity Date&quot;). The principal
of this Note is payable at the option of the Holder at any time after the Maturity Date
 in shares of the Company's common stock
$.00001 par value per share (&quot;Common Stock&quot;) as set forth below
 or in United States dollars
 at the address last appearing
on the Note Register of the Company as designated in writing by the Holder. The Company will pay the outstanding principal amount
of this Note in cash on the Maturity Date to the registered holder of this Note. The forwarding of such wire transfer shall constitute
a payment hereunder and shall satisfy and discharge the liability for principal on this Note to the extent of the sum represented
by such check or wire transfer plus any amounts so deducted.




Note is issuable in denominations of Ten Thousand Dollars (US$10
000) and integral multiples thereof
 provided that the
number of shares to be issued upon conversion is a minimum of 3
000 (unless if at the time of election to convert the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion is less than 3
000). The Note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate
principal amount of Note of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service
charge will be made for such registration or transfer or exchange.


    
    


2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The Holder of this
Note is entitled any time after the Maturity Date
 subject to the following provisions
 to convert all or a portion of the principal
amount of this Note into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price for each share of Common Stock equal to the Current Market
Price multiplied by eighty percent (80%) (the &quot;Conversion Price&quot;). &quot;Current Market Price&quot; means the average
of the closing bid prices for the Common Stock as reported by Bloomberg
 LP or
 if not so reported
 as reported on the over-the-counter
market
 for the five (5) trading days ending on the trading day immediately before the relevant Conversion Date (as defined below).
The amount of shares issuable pursuant to a conversion shall equal the principal amount (or portion thereof) of the Note to be
converted
 divided by the Conversion Price.


be effectuated by surrendering the Note to the Company
 accompanied by or preceded by facsimile or other delivery to the
Company of the form of conversion notice attached hereto as Exhibit A
 executed by the Holder evidencing such Holder's
intention to convert a specified portion hereof No fractional shares of Common Stock or scrip representing fractions of
shares will be issued on conversion
 but the number of shares issuable shall be rounded to the nearest whole share. The date
on which notice of conversion is given (the &quot;Conversion Date&quot;) shall be deemed to be the date on which the Holder
faxes or otherwise delivers the conversion notice (&quot;Notice of Conversion&quot;)
 substantially in the form annexed
hereto as Exhibit A
 duly executed
 to the Company. Facsimile delivery of the Notice of Conversion shall be accepted by the
 Certificates representing Common Stock upon
conversion will be delivered within three (3) business days from the Conversion Date. (&quot;Delivery Date&quot;)


that a delay in the issuance of the Shares of Common Stock beyond the Delivery Date (as defined in this Section) could result in
economic loss to the Holder. As compensation to the Holder for such loss
 the Company agrees to pay late payments to the Holder
for late issuance of Shares upon Conversion
 unless the delay is due to causes beyond the reasonable control of the Company or
the Transfer Agent
 in accordance with the following schedule (where &quot;No. Business Days Late&quot; refers to the number of
business days which is beyond three (3)) business days after the Delivery Date):'



    

000

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
1
000

    
1
000+$200 for each Business Day Late &nbsp;beyond 10 days



    
    



any payments incurred under this Section in immediately available funds upon demand as the Holder's remedy for such delay. Furthermore
in addition to any other remedies which may be available to the Holder
 in the event that the Company fails for any reason to effect
delivery of such shares of Common Stock by close of business on the Delivery Date
 unless such failure is due to causes beyond
the Company's reasonable control or that of its Transfer Agent
 the Holder will be entitled to revoke the relevant Notice of Conversion
by delivering a notice to such effect to the Company
 whereupon the Company and the Holder shall each be restored to their respective
positions immediately prior to delivery of such Notice of Conversion; provided
 however
 that an amount equal to any payments contemplated
by this Section which have accrued through the date of such revocation notice shall remain due and owing to the Converting Holder
notwithstanding such revocation.


 by the relevant
Delivery Date
 the Company fails
 unless such failure is due to causes beyond the Company's reasonable control or that of its Transfer
Agent
 for any reason to deliver the Shares to be issued upon conversion of the Note and after such Delivery Date
 the Holder of
the Note being converted (a &quot;Converting Holder&quot;) purchases
 in an arm's-length open market transaction or otherwise
shares of Common Stock (the &quot;Covering Shares&quot;) in order to make delivery in satisfaction of a sale of Common Stock by
the Converting Holder (the &quot;Sold Shares&quot;)
 which delivery such Converting Holder anticipated to make using the Shares
to be issued upon such conversion (a &quot;Buy-In&quot;)
 the Converting Holder shall have the right
 to require the Company to
pay to the Converting Holder
 in addition to and not in lieu of the amounts due hereunder (but in addition to all other amounts
contemplated in other provisions of the Transaction Agreements
 and not in lieu of any such other amounts)
 the Buy-In Adjustment
Amount (as defined below). The &quot;Buy-hi Adjustment Amount&quot; is the amount equal to the excess
 if any
 of (x) the Converting
Holder's total purchase price (including brokerage commissions
 if any) for the Covering Shares over (y) the net proceeds (after
brokerage commissions
 if any) received by the Converting Holder from the sale of the Sold Shares. The Company shall pay the Buy-In
Adjustment Amount to the Company in immediately available funds immediately upon demand by the Converting Holder. By way of illustration
and not in limitation of the foregoing
 if the Converting Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price
(including brokerage commissions) of $11
000 to cover a Buy-1n with respect to shares of Common Stock it sold for net proceeds
of $10
000
 the Buy-In Adjustment Amount which Company will be required to pay to the Converting Holder will be $1
000.


    
    


In
conversion
 provided the Company's Transfer Agent is participating in the Depository
Trust Company (&quot;DTC&quot;) Fast Automated Securities Transfer program
 upon request of the Holder and its compliance with
the provisions contained in this paragraph
 so long as the certificates therefore do not bear a legend and the Holder thereof is
not obligated to return such certificate for the placement of a legend thereon
 the Company shall use its best efforts to cause
its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable upon conversion to the Holder by crediting the account
of Holder's Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system.

The
Holder of the Note shall be entitled to exercise its conversion privilege with respect to the Note notwithstanding the commencement
 (the &quot;Bankruptcy Code&quot;). In
the event the Company is a debtor under the Bankruptcy Code
 the Company hereby waives
 to the fullest extent permitted
 any rights
to relief it may have under 11 U. S .C. &sect;362 in respect of such holder's conversion privilege. The Company hereby waives
to the fullest extent permitted
 any rights to relief it may have under 11 U.S.C. &sect;362 in respect of the conversion of the
Note.


Note has been issued subject to investment representations of the original purchaser hereof and may be transferred or exchanged
only in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &quot;Act&quot;)
 and other applicable state and foreign securities
laws. In the event of any proposed transfer of this Note
 the Company may require
 prior to issuance of a new Note in the name
of such other person
 that it receive reasonable transfer documentation including legal opinions that the issuance of the Note
in such other name does not and will not cause a violation of the Act or any applicable state or foreign securities laws. Prior
to due presentment for transfer of this Note
 the Company and any agent of the Company may treat the person in whose name this
Note is duly registered on the Company's Note Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided
and for all other purposes
 whether or not this Note be overdue
 and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected by
notice to the contrary.


provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company
 which is absolute and unconditional
 to pay the principal
of this Note at the time
 place
 and rate
 and in the coin or currency
 herein prescribed. This Note is a direct obligation of
the Company.


Holder of the Note
 by acceptance hereof
 agrees that this Note is being acquired for investment and that such Holder will not
offer
 sell or otherwise dispose of this Note or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof except under circumstances
which will not result in a violation of the Act or any applicable state Blue Sky or foreign laws or similar laws relating to the
sale of securities.


Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut. Each of the parties consents to
the jurisdiction of the federal or state courts whose districts encompass any part of the State of Connecticut in connection with
any dispute arising under this Note and hereby waives
 to the maximum extent permitted by law
 any objection
 including any objection

 


    
    


Each of the parties hereby waives the right to a trial by jury in connection with any dispute arising under this
Note.


following shall constitute an &quot;Event of Default&quot;:


Company shall default in the payment of principal and interest on this Note and same shall continue for a period of five (5) days;
or


of the representations or warranties made by the Company herein
 in any certificate or financial or other written statements heretofore
or hereafter furnished by the Company in connection with the execution and delivery of this Note shall be false or misleading in
any material respect at the time made; or


Company shall fail to perform or observe
 in any material respect
 any other covenant
 term
 provision
 condition
 agreement or
obligation of any Note and such failure shall continue uncured for a period of thirty (30) days after written notice from the Holder
of such failure; or


Company fails to authorize or to cause its Transfer Agent to issue shares of Common Stock upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion
rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note
 fails to transfer or to cause its Transfer Agent to transfer any
certificate for shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of this Note and when required by this Note
 and such
transfer is otherwise lawful
 or fails to remove any restrictive legend on any certificate or fails to cause its Transfer Agent
to remove such restricted legend
 in each case where such removal is lawful
 as and when required by this Note
 the Agreement
and any such failure shall continue uncured for ten (10) business days; or


Company shall (1) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they mature; (2) make an assignment for the benefit
of creditors or commence proceedings for its dissolution; or (3) apply for or consent to the appointment of a trustee
 liquidator
or receiver for its or for a substantial part of its property or business; or


trustee
 liquidator or receiver shall be appointed for the Company or for a substantial part of its property or business without
its consent and shall not be discharged within sixty (60) days after such appointment; or


governmental agency or any court of competent jurisdiction at the instance of any governmental agency shall assume custody or

not be dismissed within sixty (60) days thereafter; or


    
    



money judgment
 writ or warrant of attachment
 or similar process in excess of Two Hundred Thousand ($200
000) Dollars in the aggregate
shall be entered or filed against the Company or any of its properties or other assets and shall remain unpaid
 unvacated
 unbonded
or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days or in any event later than five (5) days prior to the date of any proposed sale thereunder;
or


 reorganization
 insolvency
or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall
be instituted by or against the Company and
 if instituted against the Company
 shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days after
such institution or the Company shall by any action or answer approve of; consent to
 or acquiesce in any such proceedings or admit
the material allegations of
 or default in answering a petition filed in any such proceeding; or


Stock suspended or delisted from an exchange or over-the-counter market from trading for in excess of five trading days.


 or at any time
thereafter
 and in each and every such case
 unless such Event of Default shall have been waived in writing by the Holder (which
waiver shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent default) at the option of the Holder and in the Holders sole discretion
the Holder may consider all obligations under this Note immediately due and payable within five (5) days of notice
 without presentment
demand
 protest or notice of any kinds
 all of which are hereby expressly waived
 anything herein or in any note or other instruments
contained to the contrary notwithstanding
 and the Holder may immediately enforce any and all of the Holders rights and remedies
provided herein or any other rights or remedies afforded by law.


Holder may not convert this Note to the extent such conversion would result in the Holder
 together with any affiliate thereof
beneficially owning (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder) in
excess of 9.999% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock held by such Holder after application of this Section.
Since the Holder will not be obligated to report to the Company the number of shares of Common Stock it may hold at the time of
a conversion hereunder
 unless the conversion at issue would result in the issuance of shares of Common Stock in excess of 9.999%
of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock without regard to any other shares which may be beneficially owned by the Holder
or an affiliate thereof; the Holder shall have the authority and obligation to determine whether the restriction contained in this
Section will limit any particular conversion hereunder and to the extent that the Holder determines that the limitation contained
in this Section applies
 the determination of which portion of the principal amount of Note are convertible shall be the responsibility
and obligation of the Holder. If the Holder has delivered a Conversion Notice for a principal amount of Note that would result
in the issuance of in excess of the permitted amount hereunder
 without regard to any other shares that the Holder or its affiliates
may beneficially own
 the Company shall notify the Holder of this fact and shall honor the conversion for the maximum principal
amount permitted to be converted on such Conversion Date and
 at the option of the Holder
 either retain any principal amount tendered
for conversion in excess of the permitted amount hereunder for future conversions or return such excess principal amount to the
Holder. The provisions of this Section may be waived by a Holder (but only as to itself and not to any other Holder) upon not less
than 65 days prior notice to the Company. Other Holders shall be unaffected by any such waiver.


    
    



contained in this Note shall be construed as conferring upon the Holder the right to vote or to receive dividends or to
consent or receive notice as a shareholder in respect of any meeting of shareholders or any rights whatsoever as a
shareholder of the Company
 unless and to the extent converted in accordance with the terms hereof.


S WHEREOF
 the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized.


 2014


    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



    














     






NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE BEEN
REGISTERED WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE OR UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED. THE SECURITIES ARE RESTRICTED AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED
 RESOLD
 PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED
UNDER THE ACT PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION OR SAFE HARBOR THEREFROM.



    
US $20
000.00




 2015


000.00 of ATTITUDE
DRINKS INCORPORATED

1
 Suite 200
 North Palm Beach
 FL 33408


 the Company promises to pay to 
the registered holder hereof (the &quot;Holder&quot;)
 the principal sum of twenty thousand and 00/100 Dollars (US $20
000.00)
on December 19
 2015 (the &quot;Maturity Date&quot;). The principal of this Note is payable at the option of the Holder at any
time after the Maturity Date
 in shares of the Company's common stock
 $.00001 par value per share (&quot;Common Stock&quot;) as
set forth below
 or in United States dollars
 at the address last appearing on the Note Register of the Company as designated in
writing by the Holder. The Company will pay the outstanding principal amount of this Note in cash on the Maturity Date to the registered
holder of this Note. The forwarding of such wire transfer shall constitute a payment hereunder and shall satisfy and discharge
the liability for principal on this Note to the extent of the sum represented by such check or wire transfer plus any amounts so
deducted.




Note is issuable in denominations of Ten Thousand Dollars (US$10
000) and integral multiples thereof
 provided that the
number of shares to be issued upon conversion is a minimum of 3
000 (unless if at the time of election to convert the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion is less than 3
000). The Note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate
principal amount of Note of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service
charge will be made for such registration or transfer or exchange.


    
    


2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The Holder of this
Note is entitled any time after the Maturity Date
 subject to the following provisions
 to convert all or a portion of the principal
amount of this Note into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price for each share of Common Stock equal to the Current Market
Price multiplied by eighty percent (80%) (the &quot;Conversion Price&quot;). &quot;Current Market Price&quot; means the average
of the closing bid prices for the Common Stock as reported by Bloomberg
 LP or
 if not so reported
 as reported on the over-the-counter
market
 for the five (5) trading days ending on the trading day immediately before the relevant Conversion Date (as defined below).
The amount of shares issuable pursuant to a conversion shall equal the principal amount (or portion thereof) of the Note to be
converted
 divided by the Conversion Price.


be effectuated by surrendering the Note to the Company
 accompanied by or preceded by facsimile or other delivery to the
Company of the form of conversion notice attached hereto as Exhibit A
 executed by the Holder evidencing such Holder's
intention to convert a specified portion hereof No fractional shares of Common Stock or scrip representing fractions of
shares will be issued on conversion
 but the number of shares issuable shall be rounded to the nearest whole share. The date
on which notice of conversion is given (the &quot;Conversion Date&quot;) shall be deemed to be the date on which the Holder
faxes or otherwise delivers the conversion notice (&quot;Notice of Conversion&quot;)
 substantially in the form annexed
hereto as Exhibit A
 duly executed
 to the Company. Facsimile delivery of the Notice of Conversion shall be accepted by the
 Certificates representing Common Stock upon
conversion will be delivered within three (3) business days from the Conversion Date. (&quot;Delivery Date&quot;)


that a delay in the issuance of the Shares of Common Stock beyond the Delivery Date (as defined in this Section) could result in
economic loss to the Holder. As compensation to the Holder for such loss
 the Company agrees to pay late payments to the Holder
for late issuance of Shares upon Conversion
 unless the delay is due to causes beyond the reasonable control of the Company or
the Transfer Agent
 in accordance with the following schedule (where &quot;No. Business Days Late&quot; refers to the number of
business days which is beyond three (3)) business days after the Delivery Date):'




    

000

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
1
000

    
$1
000+$200 for each Business Day Late &nbsp;
beyond 10 days




    
    



any payments incurred under this Section in immediately available funds upon demand as the Holder's remedy for such delay. Furthermore
in addition to any other remedies which may be available to the Holder
 in the event that the Company fails for any reason to effect
delivery of such shares of Common Stock by close of business on the Delivery Date
 unless such failure is due to causes beyond
the Company's reasonable control or that of its Transfer Agent
 the Holder will be entitled to revoke the relevant Notice of Conversion
by delivering a notice to such effect to the Company
 whereupon the Company and the Holder shall each be restored to their respective
positions immediately prior to delivery of such Notice of Conversion; provided
 however
 that an amount equal to any payments contemplated
by this Section which have accrued through the date of such revocation notice shall remain due and owing to the Converting Holder
notwithstanding such revocation.


 by the relevant
Delivery Date
 the Company fails
 unless such failure is due to causes beyond the Company's reasonable control or that of its Transfer
Agent
 for any reason to deliver the Shares to be issued upon conversion of the Note and after such Delivery Date
 the Holder of
the Note being converted (a &quot;Converting Holder&quot;) purchases
 in an arm's-length open market transaction or otherwise
shares of Common Stock (the &quot;Covering Shares&quot;) in order to make delivery in satisfaction of a sale of Common Stock by
the Converting Holder (the &quot;Sold Shares&quot;)
 which delivery such Converting Holder anticipated to make using the Shares
to be issued upon such conversion (a &quot;Buy-In&quot;)
 the Converting Holder shall have the right
 to require the Company to
pay to the Converting Holder
 in addition to and not in lieu of the amounts due hereunder (but in addition to all other amounts
contemplated in other provisions of the Transaction Agreements
 and not in lieu of any such other amounts)
 the Buy-In Adjustment
Amount (as defined below). The &quot;Buy-hi Adjustment Amount&quot; is the amount equal to the excess
 if any
 of (x) the Converting
Holder's total purchase price (including brokerage commissions
 if any) for the Covering Shares over (y) the net proceeds (after
brokerage commissions
 if any) received by the Converting Holder from the sale of the Sold Shares. The Company shall pay the Buy-In
Adjustment Amount to the Company in immediately available funds immediately upon demand by the Converting Holder. By way of illustration
and not in limitation of the foregoing
 if the Converting Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price
(including brokerage commissions) of $11
000 to cover a Buy-1n with respect to shares of Common Stock it sold for net proceeds
of $10
000
 the Buy-In Adjustment Amount which Company will be required to pay to the Converting Holder will be $1
000.



    
    



In
 conversion
 provided the Company's Transfer Agent is participating in the Depository
Trust Company (&quot;DTC&quot;) Fast Automated Securities Transfer program
 upon request of the Holder and its compliance with
the provisions contained in this paragraph
 so long as the certificates therefore do not bear a legend and the Holder thereof is
not obligated to return such certificate for the placement of a legend thereon
 the Company shall use its best efforts to cause
its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable upon conversion to the Holder by crediting the account
of Holder's Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system.

The
Holder of the Note shall be entitled to exercise its conversion privilege with respect to the Note notwithstanding the commencement
 (the &quot;Bankruptcy Code&quot;). In
the event the Company is a debtor under the Bankruptcy Code
 the Company hereby waives
 to the fullest extent permitted
 any rights
to relief it may have under 11 U. S .C. &sect;362 in respect of such holder's conversion privilege. The Company hereby waives
to the fullest extent permitted
 any rights to relief it may have under 11 U.S.C. &sect;362 in respect of the conversion of the
Note.


Note has been issued subject to investment representations of the original purchaser hereof and may be transferred or exchanged
only in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &quot;Act&quot;)
 and other applicable state and foreign securities
laws. In the event of any proposed transfer of this Note
 the Company may require
 prior to issuance of a new Note in the name
of such other person
 that it receive reasonable transfer documentation including legal opinions that the issuance of the Note
in such other name does not and will not cause a violation of the Act or any applicable state or foreign securities laws. Prior
to due presentment for transfer of this Note
 the Company and any agent of the Company may treat the person in whose name this
Note is duly registered on the Company's Note Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided
and for all other purposes
 whether or not this Note be overdue
 and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected by
notice to the contrary.


provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company
 which is absolute and unconditional
 to pay the principal
of this Note at the time
 place
 and rate
 and in the coin or currency
 herein prescribed. This Note is a direct obligation of
the Company.


Holder of the Note
 by acceptance hereof
 agrees that this Note is being acquired for investment and that such Holder will not
offer
 sell or otherwise dispose of this Note or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof except under circumstances
which will not result in a violation of the Act or any applicable state Blue Sky or foreign laws or similar laws relating to the
sale of securities.


Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida. Each of the parties consents to the
jurisdiction of the federal or state courts whose districts encompass any part of the State of Connecticut in connection with any
dispute arising under this Note and hereby waives
 to the maximum extent permitted by law
 any objection
 including any objection

 


    
    


Each of the parties hereby waives the right to a trial by jury in connection with any dispute arising under this
Note.


following shall constitute an &quot;Event of Default&quot;:


Company shall default in the payment of principal and interest on this Note and same shall continue for a period of five (5) days;
or


of the representations or warranties made by the Company herein
 in any certificate or financial or other written statements heretofore
or hereafter furnished by the Company in connection with the execution and delivery of this Note shall be false or misleading in
any material respect at the time made; or


Company shall fail to perform or observe
 in any material respect
 any other covenant
 term
 provision
 condition
 agreement or
obligation of any Note and such failure shall continue uncured for a period of thirty (30) days after written notice from the Holder
of such failure; or


Company fails to authorize or to cause its Transfer Agent to issue shares of Common Stock upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion
rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note
 fails to transfer or to cause its Transfer Agent to transfer any
certificate for shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of this Note and when required by this Note
 and such
transfer is otherwise lawful
 or fails to remove any restrictive legend on any certificate or fails to cause its Transfer Agent
to remove such restricted legend
 in each case where such removal is lawful
 as and when required by this Note
 the Agreement
and any such failure shall continue uncured for ten (10) business days; or


Company shall (1) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they mature; (2) make an assignment for the benefit
of creditors or commence proceedings for its dissolution; or (3) apply for or consent to the appointment of a trustee
 liquidator
or receiver for its or for a substantial part of its property or business; or


trustee
 liquidator or receiver shall be appointed for the Company or for a substantial part of its property or business without
its consent and shall not be discharged within sixty (60) days after such appointment; or


governmental agency or any court of competent jurisdiction at the instance of any governmental agency shall assume custody or control

be dismissed within sixty (60) days thereafter; or


    
    



money judgment
 writ or warrant of attachment
 or similar process in excess of Two Hundred Thousand ($200
000) Dollars in the
aggregate shall be entered or filed against the Company or any of its properties or other assets and shall remain unpaid
unvacated
 unbonded or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days or in any event later than five (5) days prior to the date of
any proposed sale thereunder; or


 reorganization
 insolvency
or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall
be instituted by or against the Company and
 if instituted against the Company
 shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days after
such institution or the Company shall by any action or answer approve of; consent to
 or acquiesce in any such proceedings or admit
the material allegations of
 or default in answering a petition filed in any such proceeding; or


Stock suspended or delisted from an exchange or over-the-counter market from trading for in excess of five trading days.


 or at any time
thereafter
 and in each and every such case
 unless such Event of Default shall have been waived in writing by the Holder (which
waiver shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent default) at the option of the Holder and in the Holders sole discretion
the Holder may consider all obligations under this Note immediately due and payable within five (5) days of notice
 without presentment
demand
 protest or notice of any kinds
 all of which are hereby expressly waived
 anything herein or in any note or other instruments
contained to the contrary notwithstanding
 and the Holder may immediately enforce any and all of the Holders rights and remedies
provided herein or any other rights or remedies afforded by law.



together with any affiliate thereof
 beneficially owning (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act
and the rules promulgated thereunder) in excess of 4.99% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock held by
such Holder after application of this Section. Since the Holder will not be obligated to report to the Company the number of
shares of Common Stock it may hold at the time of a conversion hereunder
 unless the conversion at issue would result in the
issuance of shares of Common Stock in excess of 4.99% of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock without regard to any
other shares which may be beneficially owned by the Holder or an affiliate thereof; the Holder shall have the authority and
obligation to determine whether the restriction contained in this Section will limit any particular conversion hereunder and
to the extent that the Holder determines that the limitation contained in this Section applies
 the determination of which
portion of the principal amount of Note are convertible shall be the responsibility and obligation of the Holder. If the
Holder has delivered a Conversion Notice for a principal amount of Note that would result in the issuance of in excess of the
permitted amount hereunder
 without regard to any other shares that the Holder or its affiliates may beneficially own
 the
Company shall notify the Holder of this fact and shall honor the conversion for the maximum principal amount permitted to be
converted on such Conversion Date and
 at the option of the Holder
 either retain any principal amount tendered for
conversion in excess of the permitted amount hereunder for future conversions or return such excess principal amount to the
Holder. The provisions of this Section may be waived by a Holder (but only as to itself and not to any other Holder) upon not
less than 65 days prior notice to the Company. Other Holders shall be unaffected by any such waiver.


    
    



contained in this Note shall be construed as conferring upon the Holder the right to vote or to receive dividends or to
consent or receive notice as a shareholder in respect of any meeting of shareholders or any rights whatsoever as a
shareholder of the Company
 unless and to the extent converted in accordance with the terms hereof.


WHEREOF
 the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized.


 2014


    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    




    
    
    



    
    
    




    















     







NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED
 OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE
SOLD
 TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED
 OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER
 AT THE COMPANY&rsquo;S EXPENSE)
IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM
 THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE
144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING
 THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT
OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES



Principal Amount: $20
000.00
Issue Date: December 19
 2014






 INC.

&rdquo;)
 (the
&rdquo;)

 45 Broadway
 New York
 New York 10006

 the sum

&rdquo;)
 with interest accruing thereon
 on December
22
&rdquo;)
 if not sooner paid or modified as permitted herein.





Interest
Rate
) month anniversary of the Issue Date and on the first day of each month thereafter
and on the Maturity Date
 accelerated or otherwise
 when the principal and remaining accrued but unpaid interest shall be due and
payable
 or sooner as described below. Interest will be payable in cash or Common Stock
 at the election of the Borrower
 and subject
to Section 2.1
 with shares of Common Stock at a per share value equal to the applicable conversion price set forth in Section
2.1(b). Interest may be paid at the Company&rsquo;s election in cash or Common Stock immediately to the extent resellable pursuant
to Rule 144 to the extent such share issuance is not limited by transfer or volume restrictions and provided such payment in Common
Stock would not cause the Holder to exceed the restrictions on ownership set forth in Section 2.3.

Payment
Grace Period
Date and during the pendency of an Event of Default
 (as defined in Article IV) a default interest rate of twenty percent (20%)
per annum shall be in effect

Conversion
 shall remain in full force and effect immediately from the
date hereof and until the Note is paid in full regardless of the occurrence of an Event of Default. This Note shall be payable
in full on the Maturity Date
 unless previously converted into Common Stock in accordance with 


    
    




.
Interest on this Note shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed. Principal and interest
on this Note and other payments in connection with this Note shall be payable at the Holder&rsquo;s offices as designated above
in lawful money of the United States of America in immediately available funds without set-off
 deduction or counterclaim. Upon
assignment of the interest of Holder in this Note
 Borrower shall instead make its payment pursuant to the assignee&rsquo;s instructions
upon receipt of written notice thereof.






the right to convert the principal and any interest due under this Note into Shares of the Borrower&rsquo;s Common Stock
 $0.00001
par value per share (&ldquo;

Conversion
into the Borrower&rsquo;s Common Stock


Holder shall have the right from and after the date of the issuance of this Note and then at any time until this Note is fully
paid
 to convert any outstanding and unpaid principal portion of this Note
 and accrued but unpaid interest
 at the election of
&rdquo;) into fully paid and non-assessable
shares of Common Stock as such stock exists on the date of issuance of this Note
 or any shares of capital stock of Borrower into
which such Common Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified
 at the conversion price as defined in 
hereof
 determined as provided herein. Upon delivery to the Borrower of a completed Notice of Conversion
 a form of which is annexed
hereto as 
 Borrower shall issue and deliver to the Holder within three (3) business days after the Conversion
&rdquo;) that number of shares of Common Stock for the portion of the
Note converted in accordance with the foregoing. The Holder will not be required to surrender the Note to the Borrower until the
Note has been fully converted or satisfied. The number of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon each conversion of this Note
shall be determined by dividing that portion of the principal of the Note and interest
 if any
 to be converted
 by the Conversion
Price.


 hereof
&rdquo;) per share
shall be equal to seventy-five percent (75%) of the average of the three lowest closing bid prices for the Common Stock as reported
by Bloomberg L.P. for the Principal Market for the ten trading days preceding a Conversion Date
 but in no event greater than $0.02.



2.1(a)
 shall be subject to adjustment from time to time upon the happening of certain events while this conversion right remains
outstanding
 as follows:


    
    


Merger
Sale of Assets
 etc
 (B)
the Borrower effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions
 (C) any tender
offer or exchange offer (whether by the Borrower or another entity) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are
permitted to tender or exchange their shares for other securities
 cash or property
 (D) the Borrower consummates a stock purchase
agreement or other business combination (including
 without limitation
 a reorganization
 recapitalization
 spin-off or scheme
of arrangement) with one or more persons or entities whereby such other persons or entities acquire more than the 50% of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by such other persons or entities making or party to
 or
associated or affiliated with the other persons or entities making or party to
 such stock purchase agreement or other business
combination)
 (E) any &ldquo;person&rdquo; or &ldquo;group&rdquo; (as these terms are used for purposes of Sections 13(d) and 14(d)
of the 1934 Act) is or shall become the &ldquo;beneficial owner&rdquo; (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act)
 directly
or indirectly
 of 50% of the aggregate Common Stock of the Borrower)
 or (F) the Borrower effects any reclassification of the Common
Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other
securities
 cash or property (other than a reverse merger) (in any such case
&rdquo;)
this Note
 as to the unpaid principal portion thereof and accrued interest thereon
 if any
 shall thereafter be deemed to evidence
the right to convert into such number and kind of shares or other securities and property as would have been issuable or distributable
on account of such Fundamental Transaction
 upon or with respect to the securities subject to the conversion right immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction. The foregoing provision shall similarly apply to successive Fundamental Transactions of
a similar nature by any such successor or purchaser. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing
 the anti-dilution provisions
of this Section shall apply to such securities of such successor or purchaser after any such Fundamental Transaction.

Reclassification
etc.
 by reclassification or otherwise
 change the Common Stock into the same or a different
number of securities of any class or classes that may be issued or outstanding
 this Note
 as to the unpaid principal portion thereof
and accrued interest thereon
 shall thereafter be deemed to evidence the right to purchase an adjusted number of such securities
and kind of securities as would have been issuable as the result of such change with respect to the Common Stock immediately prior
to such reclassification or other change.

Stock
Splits
 Combinations and Dividends
of shares of Common Stock
 or if a dividend is paid on the Common Stock in shares of Common Stock
 the Conversion Price shall be
proportionately reduced in case of subdivision of shares or stock dividend or proportionately increased in the case of combination
of shares
 in each such case by the ratio which the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event
bears to the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such event.

Share
Issuance
 if the Borrower shall issue any Common Stock except for the Excepted Issuances
(as defined in Section 12(a) of the Subscription Agreement)
 prior to the complete conversion or payment of this Note
 for a consideration
per share that is less than the Conversion Price that would be in effect at the time of such issue
 then
 and thereafter successively
upon each such issuance
 the Conversion Price shall be reduced to such other lower issue price. For purposes of this adjustment
the issuance of any security or debt instrument of the Borrower carrying the right to convert such security or debt instrument
into Common Stock or of any warrant
 right or option to purchase Common Stock shall result in an adjustment to the Conversion Price
upon the issuance of the above-described security
 debt instrument
 warrant
 right
 or option and again upon the issuance of shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of such conversion or purchase rights if such issuance is at a price lower than the then applicable
Conversion Price. Common Stock issued or issuable by the Borrower for no consideration will be deemed issuable or to have been
issued for $0.00001 per share of Common Stock.


 above
 the Borrower shall promptly
 but not later than the fifth
) business day after the effectiveness of the adjustment
 provide notice to the Holder setting forth the Conversion
Price after such adjustment and setting forth a statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. Failure to provide the foregoing
notice is an Event of Default under this Note.


    
    



the period the conversion right exists
 Borrower will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock not less than an amount
of Common Stock equal to 150% of the amount of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the full conversion of this Note. Borrower
represents that upon issuance
 such shares will be duly and validly issued
 fully paid and non-assessable. Borrower agrees that
its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to its officers
 agents
 and transfer agents who are charged with the
duty of executing and issuing stock certificates to execute and issue the necessary certificates for shares of Common Stock upon
the conversion of this Note.

Method
 hereof and
the Subscription Agreement. Upon partial conversion of this Note
 a new Note containing the same date and provisions of this Note
shall
 at the request of the Holder
 be issued by the Borrower to the Holder for the principal balance of this Note and interest
which shall not have been converted or paid
 upon surrender of the existing Note.

Maximum
Conversion
number of shares of Common Stock which would be in excess of the sum of (i) the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned
by the Holder and its affiliates on a Conversion Date
 (ii) any Common Stock issuable in connection with the unconverted portion
of the Note
 and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the Note with respect to which the
determination of this provision is being made on a Conversion Date
 which would result in beneficial ownership by the Holder and
its affiliates of more than 4.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Borrower on such Conversion Date. For the purposes
of the provision to the immediately preceding sentence
 beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and Regulation 13d-3 thereunder. Subject to the foregoing
 the Holder shall
not be limited to aggregate conversions of 4.99%. The Holder shall have the authority to determine whether the restriction contained
 will limit any conversion hereunder and the extent such limitation applies and to which convertible
or exercisable instrument or part thereof such limitation applies. The Holder may waive the conversion limitation described in
this 
 in whole or in part
 upon and effective after 61 days prior written notice to the Borrower to increase
such percentage up to 9.99%.





.
This Note may not be prepaid
 converted
 redeemed or called by the Borrower without the consent of the Holder except as described
in this Note.

Fundamental
Transaction

2.1(c)(A)
 until twenty (20) business days after the Borrower notifies the Holder of the occurrence of the Fundamental Transaction
the Holder may elect to accelerate the Maturity Date as of the date of the Fundamental Transaction and receive payment for the
then outstanding Principal Amount
 and any other amount owed to the Holder pursuant to the Transaction Documents.


    
    


Mandatory
Conversion
and accrued interest may be transferred by the Holder without restrictive legends
 are free-trading stock and not subject to further
restrictions on transfer and further provided an Event of Default or an event which with the passage of time or giving of notice
could become an Event of Default has not occurred
 then
 until the Maturity Date
 the Borrower will have the one-time option with
&rdquo;) of compelling the Holder
to convert all or a portion of the outstanding and unpaid principal of the Note and interest into Common Stock at the Conversion
&rdquo;). The Notice of Mandatory Conversion
 which notice must be given
&rdquo;) during which the
closing price for the Common Stock as reported by Bloomberg
 LP for the Principal Market shall be equal to or greater than $0.12
each such trading day and during which Lookback Period
 the average daily trading volume as reported by Bloomberg L.P. for the
Principal Market is not less than 500

Conversion Date
which is subject to Mandatory Conversion. The Borrower shall reduce the amount of Note principal and interest subject to a Notice
of Mandatory Conversion by the amount of Note Principal and interest for which the Holder had delivered a Notice of Conversion
to the Borrower during the Lookback Period. Each Mandatory Conversion Date shall be a deemed Conversion Date and the Borrower will
be required to deliver the Common Stock issuable pursuant to a Mandatory Conversion Notice in the same manner and time period as
described in this Note and in the Subscription Agreement. A Notice of Mandatory Conversion may be given only in connection with

2.3
will be a non-curable Event of Default. The trading volume and closing price set forth above will be equitably adjusted to offset
the effect of stock splits
 stock dividends and similar events.

Optional
Redemption of Principal Amount
could become an Event of Default has not occurred
 whether or not such Event of Default has been cured
 the Borrower will have
&rdquo;)
 in whole or in
part
 by paying to the Holder a sum of money equal to one hundred and twenty percent (120%) of the Principal amount to be redeemed
together with accrued but unpaid interest thereon and any and all other sums due
 accrued or payable to the Holder arising under
&rdquo;).
&rdquo;).
&rdquo;)
&rdquo;).
A Notice of Redemption shall not be effective with respect to any portion of the Principal Amount for which the Holder has previously
delivered an election to convert
 or subject to the previous sentence
 for conversions initiated or made by the Holder during the
Redemption Period. On the Redemption Payment Date
 the Redemption Amount
 less any portion of the Redemption Amount against which
the Holder has permissibly exercised its conversion rights
 shall be paid in good funds to the Holder. In the event the Borrower
fails to pay the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Payment Date as set forth herein
 then (i) such Notice of Redemption will
be null and void
 (ii) Borrower will have no right to deliver another Notice of Redemption
 and (iii) Borrower&rsquo;s failure
may be deemed by Holder to be a non-curable Event of Default. A Notice of Redemption may not be given nor may the Borrower effectuate
a Redemption without the consent of the Holder
 if at any time during the Redemption Period an Event of Default
 or an event which
with the passage of time or giving of notice could become an Event of Default (whether or not such Event of Default has been cured)
has occurred. During the Optional Redemption Period
 the Company must abide by all of its obligations to the Note Holder.


    
    







&rdquo;) occurring after Closing and not otherwise disclosed
on the Subscription Agreement and schedules thereto
 shall
 at the option of the Holder hereof
 make all sums of principal and
interest then remaining unpaid hereon and all other amounts payable hereunder immediately due and payable
 upon demand
 without
presentment or grace period
 all of which hereby are expressly waived
 except as set forth below:

Failure
to Pay Principal or Interest
to pay any interest or other sums due under this Note within three (3) days after such amounts are due.

Breach
of Covenant
 except
for a breach of payment
 in any material respect and such breach
 if subject to cure
 continues for a period of ten (10) days after
written notice to the Borrower from the Holder.

Breach
of Representations and Warranties
in any material respect as of the date made and the Closing Date.

.
Any dissolution
 liquidation or winding up by Borrower or a Subsidiary of a substantial portion of their business.

Cessation
of Operations

Maintenance
of Assets
 personal
 real
property
 equipment
 leases or other assets which are necessary to conduct its business (whether now or in the future) and such
breach is not cured with fifteen (15) days after written notice to the Borrower from the Holder.

Receiver
or Trustee
 or apply for or consent to
the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business; or such a receiver or trustee
shall otherwise be appointed.

.
Any money judgment
 writ or similar final process shall be entered or made in a non-appealable adjudication against Borrower or
any Subsidiary or any of its property or other assets for more than $200
000 in excess of the Borrower&rsquo;s insurance coverage
unless stayed vacated or satisfied within thirty (30) days.

.
Bankruptcy
 insolvency
 reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings or relief under any bankruptcy law or any
law
 or the issuance of any notice in relation to such event
 for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower
or any Subsidiary.

.
&rdquo;);
failure to comply with the requirements for continued quotation on the OTCBB for a period of seven (7) consecutive trading days;
or notification from the OTCBB that the Borrower is not in compliance with the conditions for such continued quotation and such
non-compliance continues for seven (7) days following such notification.




    
    


Stop
Trade

Failure
to Deliver Common Stock or Replacement Note
to and in the form required by this Note
 and the Warrant or
 if required
 a replacement Note following a partial conversion.

Reservation
Default
the number of shares of Common Stock as required in this Note and the Warrants
 and such failure continues for a period of thirty
(30) business days.

Financial
Statement Restatement
and Exchange Commission for any date or period from two years prior to the Issue Date of this Note and until this Note is no longer
outstanding
 if the result of such restatement would
 by comparison to the unrestated financial statements
 have constituted a
Material Adverse Effect. For the avoidance of doubt
 any restatement related to new accounting pronouncements
 including without
limitation
 for derivative accounting shall not constitute a default under this 



Reverse
Splits



Notification
Failure
to the terms of this Note or any other Transaction Document.

Cross
Default
 covenant
 warranty or undertaking of any other agreement to which the
Borrower and Holder are parties
 or the occurrence of an event of default under any such other agreement to which Borrower and
Holder are parties which is not cured after any required notice and/or cure period.

Other
Note Default









Failure
or Indulgence Not Waiver
 right or privilege
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof
 nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power
 right or privilege preclude
other or further exercise thereof or of any other right
 power or privilege. All rights and remedies existing hereunder are cumulative
to
 and not exclusive of
 any rights or remedies otherwise available.


    
    


.
All notices
 demands
 requests
 consents
 approvals
 and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing
and
 unless otherwise specified herein
 shall be (i) personally served
 (ii) deposited in the mail
 registered or certified
 return
receipt requested
 postage prepaid
 (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid
 or (iv) transmitted
by hand delivery
 telegram
 or facsimile
 addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified
most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed
effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by facsimile
 with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine
at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to
be received)
 or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business
hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the first business day following the date of mailing by express courier service
fully prepaid
 addressed to such address
 or upon actual receipt of such mailing
 whichever shall first occur. The addresses for
such communications shall be: (i) if to the Borrower to: Attitude Drinks Inc.
 712 U.S. Highway 1
 Suite 200
 North Palm Beach
FL 33408
 Attn: Roy Warren
 CEO and President
 facsimile: (561) 799-5039. and (ii) if to the Holder
 to the name
 address and facsimile
number set forth on the front page of this Note
 with copies (which shall not constitute notice) by fax only to: Ellenoff Grossman
&amp; Schole LLP
 Street
 Floor
 New York
 NY 10017
 Attn: Stuart Neuhauser
 Esq.
 facsimile:
(212) 370-7889.

Amendment
Provision
 as used throughout this instrument
 shall mean this instrument
as originally executed
 or if later amended or supplemented
 then as so amended or supplemented.

.
This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns
 and shall inure to the benefit of the Holder and its
successors and assigns. The Borrower may not assign its obligations under this Note.

Cost
of Collection
 Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof reasonable costs of collection
including reasonable attorneys&rsquo; fees.

Governing
Law
of laws principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. Any action brought by
either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement must be brought only in the civil or
state courts of New York or in the federal courts located in the State and county of New York. Both parties and the individual
signing this Agreement on behalf of the Borrower agree to submit to the jurisdiction of such courts. The prevailing party shall
be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney&rsquo;s fees and costs. In the event that any provision of
this Note is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law
 then such provision shall be deemed inoperative
to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such
provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or unenforceability of any other
provision of this Note. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed or operate to preclude the Holder from bringing suit or taking
other legal action against the Borrower in any other jurisdiction to collect on the Borrower&rsquo;s obligations to Holder
 to
realize on any collateral or any other security for such obligations
 or to enforce a judgment or other decision in favor of the

 without limitation to
any other remedies of Holder
 may be enforced against Borrower by summary proceeding pursuant to New York Civil Procedure Law and
Rules Section 3213 or any similar rule or statute in the jurisdiction where enforcement is sought. For purposes of such rule or
statute
 any other document or agreement to which Holder and Borrower are parties or which Borrower delivered to Holder
 which
may be convenient or necessary to determine Holder&rsquo;s rights hereunder or Borrower&rsquo;s obligations to Holder are deemed
a part of this Note
 whether or not such other document or agreement was delivered together herewith or was executed apart from
this Note.


    
    


Maximum
Payments
in excess of the maximum rate permitted by applicable law. In the event that the rate of interest required to be paid or other
charges hereunder exceed the maximum rate permitted by applicable law
 any payments in excess of such maximum rate shall be credited
against amounts owed by the Borrower to the Holder and thus refunded to the Borrower.

Non-Business
Days
 Sunday or a public holiday under the laws of
the State of New York
 such payment may be due or action shall be required on the next succeeding business day and
 for such payment
such next succeeding day shall be included in the calculation of the amount of accrued interest payable on such date.

Facsimile
Signature
 PDF
 electronic signature
or other similar electronic means
 such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the Borrower with the same force
and effect as if such signature page were an original thereof.

Shareholder
Status
However
 the Holder will have the rights of a shareholder of the Borrower with respect to the Shares of Common Stock to be received
after delivery by the Holder of a Conversion Notice to the Borrower.

[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY
LEFT BLANK]


    
    


IN WITNESS
WHEREOF
 Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name by an authorized officer as of the  19th day of
December
 2014.



    
ATTITUDE DRINKS
 INC.

    
    
    

    
    
/s/
    Roy     Warren

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    

/s/ Debbie
    Lieblong
    

Debbie
    Lieblong
    



    
    




To be executed by the Registered
Holder in order to convert the Note)


and $_________ of the interest due on the Note issued by ATTITUDE DRINKS
 INC. on December 19
 2014 into Shares of Common Stock
of ATTITUDE DRINKS
&rdquo;) according to the conditions set forth in such Note
 as of the date
written below.



    
    




    
    


Number
of Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned on the Conversion Date: Less than 5% of the outstanding Common Stock of
ATTITUDE DRINKS
 INC.



    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    

    
    



    














     






THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE OR UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED. THE SECURITIES ARE RESTRICTED
AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED
 RESOLD
 PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE ACT PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION
OR SAFE HARBOR THEREFROM.



    
US $25
000.00



DRINKS INCORPORATED



 2016


of up to $25
000.00 of ATTITUDE DRINKS INCORPORATED
 a Delaware corporation and located at 712 U.S. Highway 1
 Suite #200
 North
Palm Beach
 Florida 33408 (the &quot;Company&quot;) designated as its Note
 pursuant to the Consulting Agreement entered into by
the Company and the Holder as of July 19
 2012.


the Company promises to pay to SOUTHRIDGE PARTNERS II
 LP
 the registered holder hereof (the &quot;Holder&quot;)
 the principal
sum of twenty five thousand and 00/100 Dollars (US $25
000.00) on May 31
 2016 (the &quot;Maturity Date&quot;). The principal of
this Note is payable at the option of the Holder at any time after the Maturity Date
 in shares of the Company's common stock
$.00001 par value per share (&quot;Common Stock&quot;) as set forth below
 or in United States dollars
 at the address last appearing
on the Note Register of the Company as designated in writing by the Holder. The Company will pay the outstanding principal amount
of this Note in cash on the Maturity Date to the registered holder of this Note. The forwarding of such wire transfer shall constitute
a payment hereunder and shall satisfy and discharge the liability for principal on this Note to the extent of the sum represented
by such check or wire transfer plus any amounts so deducted.




Note is issuable in denominations of Ten Thousand Dollars (US$10
000) and integral multiples thereof
 provided that the
number of shares to be issued upon conversion is a minimum of 3
000 (unless if at the time of election to convert the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion is less than 3
000). The Note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate
principal amount of Note of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service
charge will be made for such registration or transfer or exchange.


    
    



Holder of this Note is entitled any time after the Maturity Date
 subject to the following provisions
 to convert all or a portion
of the principal amount of this Note into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price for each share of Common Stock equal to
the Current Market Price multiplied by eighty percent (80%) (the &quot;Conversion Price&quot;). &quot;Current Market Price&quot;
means the average of the closing bid prices for the Common Stock as reported by Bloomberg
 LP or
 if not so reported
 as reported
on the over-the-counter market
 for the five (5) trading days ending on the trading day immediately before the relevant Conversion
Date (as defined below). The amount of shares issuable pursuant to a conversion shall equal the principal amount (or portion thereof)
of the Note to be converted
 divided by the Conversion Price.


effectuated by surrendering the Note to the Company
 accompanied by or preceded by facsimile or other delivery to the Company
of the form of conversion notice attached hereto as Exhibit A
 executed by the Holder evidencing such Holder's intention to convert
a specified portion hereof No fractional shares of Common Stock or scrip representing fractions of shares will be issued on conversion
but the number of shares issuable shall be rounded to the nearest whole share. The date on which notice of conversion is given
(the &quot;Conversion Date&quot;) shall be deemed to be the date on which the Holder faxes or otherwise delivers the conversion
notice (&quot;Notice of Conversion&quot;)
 substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A
 duly executed
 to the Company.

Financial Officer.


that a delay in the issuance of the Shares of Common Stock beyond the Delivery Date (as defined in this Section) could result in
economic loss to the Holder. As compensation to the Holder for such loss
 the Company agrees to pay late payments to the Holder
for late issuance of Shares upon Conversion
 unless the delay is due to causes beyond the reasonable control of the Company or
the Transfer Agent
 in accordance with the following schedule (where &quot;No. Business Days Late&quot; refers to the number of
business days which is beyond three (3)) business days after the Delivery Date):'




    

000

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
1
000

    
$1
000+$200 for each Business Day Late &nbsp;beyond 10 days





    
    




any payments incurred under this Section in immediately available funds upon demand as the Holder's remedy for such delay. Furthermore
in addition to any other remedies which may be available to the Holder
 in the event that the Company fails for any reason to effect
delivery of such shares of Common Stock by close of business on the Delivery Date
 unless such failure is due to causes beyond
the Company's reasonable control or that of its Transfer Agent
 the Holder will be entitled to revoke the relevant Notice of Conversion
by delivering a notice to such effect to the Company
 whereupon the Company and the Holder shall each be restored to their respective
positions immediately prior to delivery of such Notice of Conversion; provided
 however
 that an amount equal to any payments contemplated
by this Section which have accrued through the date of such revocation notice shall remain due and owing to the Converting Holder
notwithstanding such revocation.


 by the relevant
Delivery Date
 the Company fails
 unless such failure is due to causes beyond the Company's reasonable control or that of its Transfer
Agent
 for any reason to deliver the Shares to be issued upon conversion of the Note and after such Delivery Date
 the Holder of
the Note being converted (a &quot;Converting Holder&quot;) purchases
 in an arm's-length open market transaction or otherwise
shares of Common Stock (the &quot;Covering Shares&quot;) in order to make delivery in satisfaction of a sale of Common Stock by
the Converting Holder (the &quot;Sold Shares&quot;)
 which delivery such Converting Holder anticipated to make using the Shares
to be issued upon such conversion (a &quot;Buy-In&quot;)
 the Converting Holder shall have the right
 to require the Company to
pay to the Converting Holder
 in addition to and not in lieu of the amounts due hereunder (but in addition to all other amounts
contemplated in other provisions of the Transaction Agreements
 and not in lieu of any such other amounts)
 the Buy-In Adjustment
Amount (as defined below). The &quot;Buy-hi Adjustment Amount&quot; is the amount equal to the excess
 if any
 of (x) the Converting
Holder's total purchase price (including brokerage commissions
 if any) for the Covering Shares over (y) the net proceeds (after
brokerage commissions
 if any) received by the Converting Holder from the sale of the Sold Shares. The Company shall pay the Buy-In
Adjustment Amount to the Company in immediately available funds immediately upon demand by the Converting Holder. By way of illustration
and not in limitation of the foregoing
 if the Converting Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price
(including brokerage commissions) of $11
000 to cover a Buy-1n with respect to shares of Common Stock it sold for net proceeds
of $10
000
 the Buy-In Adjustment Amount which Company will be required to pay to the Converting Holder will be $1
000.


    
    



representing the Common Stock issuable upon conversion
provided the Company's Transfer Agent is participating in the Depository Trust Company (&quot;DTC&quot;) Fast Automated Securities
Transfer program
 upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions contained in this paragraph
 so long as the
certificates therefore do not bear a legend and the Holder thereof is not obligated to return such certificate for the placement
of a legend thereon
 the Company shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common
Stock issuable upon conversion to the Holder by crediting the account of Holder's Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal
Agent Commission system.

The
Holder of the Note shall be entitled to exercise its conversion privilege with respect to the Note notwithstanding the commencement
 (the &quot;Bankruptcy Code&quot;). In
the event the Company is a debtor under the Bankruptcy Code
 the Company hereby waives
 to the fullest extent permitted
 any rights
to relief it may have under 11 U. S .C. &sect;362 in respect of such holder's conversion privilege. The Company hereby waives
to the fullest extent permitted
 any rights to relief it may have under 11 U.S.C. &sect;362 in respect of the conversion of the
Note.


Note has been issued subject to investment representations of the original purchaser hereof and may be transferred or exchanged
only in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &quot;Act&quot;)
 and other applicable state and foreign securities
laws. In the event of any proposed transfer of this Note
 the Company may require
 prior to issuance of a new Note in the name
of such other person
 that it receive reasonable transfer documentation including legal opinions that the issuance of the Note
in such other name does not and will not cause a violation of the Act or any applicable state or foreign securities laws. Prior
to due presentment for transfer of this Note
 the Company and any agent of the Company may treat the person in whose name this
Note is duly registered on the Company's Note Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided
and for all other purposes
 whether or not this Note be overdue
 and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected by
notice to the contrary.


provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company
 which is absolute and unconditional
 to pay the principal
of this Note at the time
 place
 and rate
 and in the coin or currency
 herein prescribed. This Note is a direct obligation of
the Company.


Holder of the Note
 by acceptance hereof
 agrees that this Note is being acquired for investment and that such Holder will not
offer
 sell or otherwise dispose of this Note or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof except under circumstances
which will not result in a violation of the Act or any applicable state Blue Sky or foreign laws or similar laws relating to the
sale of securities.


Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut. Each of the parties consents to
the jurisdiction of the federal or state courts whose districts encompass any part of the State of Connecticut in connection with
any dispute arising under this Note and hereby waives
 to the maximum extent permitted by law
 any objection
 including any objection

 


    
    



of the parties hereby waives the right to a trial by jury in connection with any dispute arising under this Note.


following shall constitute an &quot;Event of Default&quot;:


Company shall default in the payment of principal and interest on this Note and same shall continue for a period of five (5) days;
or


of the representations or warranties made by the Company herein
 in any certificate or financial or other written statements heretofore
or hereafter furnished by the Company in connection with the execution and delivery of this Note shall be false or misleading in
any material respect at the time made; or


Company shall fail to perform or observe
 in any material respect
 any other covenant
 term
 provision
 condition
 agreement or
obligation of any Note and such failure shall continue uncured for a period of thirty (30) days after written notice from the Holder
of such failure; or


Company fails to authorize or to cause its Transfer Agent to issue shares of Common Stock upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion
rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note
 fails to transfer or to cause its Transfer Agent to transfer any
certificate for shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of this Note and when required by this Note
 and such
transfer is otherwise lawful
 or fails to remove any restrictive legend on any certificate or fails to cause its Transfer Agent
to remove such restricted legend
 in each case where such removal is lawful
 as and when required by this Note
 the Agreement
and any such failure shall continue uncured for ten (10) business days; or


Company shall (1) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they mature; (2) make an assignment for the benefit
of creditors or commence proceedings for its dissolution; or (3) apply for or consent to the appointment of a trustee
 liquidator
or receiver for its or for a substantial part of its property or business; or


trustee
 liquidator or receiver shall be appointed for the Company or for a substantial part of its property or business without
its consent and shall not be discharged within sixty (60) days after such appointment; or


governmental agency or any court of competent jurisdiction at the instance of any governmental agency shall assume custody or control

substantial portion of the properties or assets of the Company and shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days thereafter; or


    
    



money judgment
 writ or warrant of attachment
 or similar process in excess of Two Hundred Thousand ($200
000) Dollars in the
aggregate shall be entered or filed against the Company or any of its properties or other assets and shall remain unpaid
 unvacated
unbonded or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days or in any event later than five (5) days prior to the date of any proposed
sale thereunder; or


 reorganization
 insolvency
or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall
be instituted by or against the Company and
 if instituted against the Company
 shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days after
such institution or the Company shall by any action or answer approve of; consent to
 or acquiesce in any such proceedings or admit
the material allegations of
 or default in answering a petition filed in any such proceeding; or


Stock suspended or delisted from an exchange or over-the-counter market from trading for in excess of five trading days.


 or at any time
thereafter
 and in each and every such case
 unless such Event of Default shall have been waived in writing by the Holder (which
waiver shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent default) at the option of the Holder and in the Holders sole discretion
the Holder may consider all obligations under this Note immediately due and payable within five (5) days of notice
 without presentment
demand
 protest or notice of any kinds
 all of which are hereby expressly waived
 anything herein or in any note or other instruments
contained to the contrary notwithstanding
 and the Holder may immediately enforce any and all of the Holders rights and remedies
provided herein or any other rights or remedies afforded by law.


Holder may not convert this Note to the extent such conversion would result in the Holder
 together with any affiliate thereof
beneficially owning (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder)
in excess of 9.999% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock held by such Holder after application of this Section.
Since the Holder will not be obligated to report to the Company the number of shares of Common Stock it may hold at the time of
a conversion hereunder
 unless the conversion at issue would result in the issuance of shares of Common Stock in excess of 9.999%
of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock without regard to any other shares which may be beneficially owned by the Holder
or an affiliate thereof; the Holder shall have the authority and obligation to determine whether the restriction contained in
this Section will limit any particular conversion hereunder and to the extent that the Holder determines that the limitation contained
in this Section applies
 the determination of which portion of the principal amount of Note are convertible shall be the responsibility
and obligation of the Holder. If the Holder has delivered a Conversion Notice for a principal amount of Note that would result
in the issuance of in excess of the permitted amount hereunder
 without regard to any other shares that the Holder or its affiliates
may beneficially own
 the Company shall notify the Holder of this fact and shall honor the conversion for the maximum principal
amount permitted to be converted on such Conversion Date and
 at the option of the Holder
 either retain any principal amount
tendered for conversion in excess of the permitted amount hereunder for future conversions or return such excess principal amount
to the Holder. The provisions of this Section may be waived by a Holder (but only as to itself and not to any other Holder) upon
not less than 65 days prior notice to the Company. Other Holders shall be unaffected by any such waiver.


    
    



contained in this Note shall be construed as conferring upon the Holder the right to vote or to receive dividends or to consent
or receive notice as a shareholder in respect of any meeting of shareholders or any rights whatsoever as a shareholder of the
Company
 unless and to the extent converted in accordance with the terms hereof.


S WHEREOF
 the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized.


 2015




    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    







    
    




    
    
    



    
    
    




    














     







FORM OF CONVERTBLE NOTE JANUARY 14
2015

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED
 OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE
SOLD
 TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED
 OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER
 AT THE COMPANY&rsquo;S EXPENSE)
IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM
 THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE
144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING
 THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT
OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES



    
Issue Date: January 14
 2015






 INC.

&rdquo;)
&rdquo;)


&rdquo;)
 with
interest accruing thereon
 on January 14
&rdquo;)
 if not sooner paid or modified as permitted
herein.





Interest
Rate
) month anniversary of the Issue Date and on the first day of each month thereafter
and on the Maturity Date
 accelerated or otherwise
 when the principal and remaining accrued but unpaid interest shall be due and
payable
 or sooner as described below. Interest will be payable in cash or Common Stock
 at the election of the Borrower
 and subject
to Section 2.1
 with shares of Common Stock at a per share value equal to the applicable conversion price set forth in Section
2.1(b). Interest may be paid at the Company&rsquo;s election in cash or Common Stock immediately to the extent resellable pursuant
to Rule 144 to the extent such share issuance is not limited by transfer or volume restrictions and provided such payment in Common
Stock would not cause the Holder to exceed the restrictions on ownership set forth in Section 2.3.

Payment
Grace Period
Date and during the pendency of an Event of Default
 (as defined in Article IV) a default interest rate of twenty percent (20%)
per annum shall be in effect

Conversion
 shall remain in full force and effect immediately from the
date hereof and until the Note is paid in full regardless of the occurrence of an Event of Default. This Note shall be payable
in full on the Maturity Date
 unless previously converted into Common Stock in accordance with 


    
    




.
Interest on this Note shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed. Principal and interest
on this Note and other payments in connection with this Note shall be payable at the Holder&rsquo;s offices as designated above
in lawful money of the United States of America in immediately available funds without set-off
 deduction or counterclaim. Upon
assignment of the interest of Holder in this Note
 Borrower shall instead make its payment pursuant to the assignee&rsquo;s instructions
upon receipt of written notice thereof.






the right to convert the principal and any interest due under this Note into Shares of the Borrower&rsquo;s Common Stock
 $0.00001
par value per share (&ldquo;

Conversion
into the Borrower&rsquo;s Common Stock


Holder shall have the right from and after the date of the issuance of this Note and then at any time until this Note is fully
paid
 to convert any outstanding and unpaid principal portion of this Note
 and accrued but unpaid interest
 at the election of
&rdquo;) into fully paid and non-assessable
shares of Common Stock as such stock exists on the date of issuance of this Note
 or any shares of capital stock of Borrower into
which such Common Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified
 at the conversion price as defined in 
hereof
 determined as provided herein. Upon delivery to the Borrower of a completed Notice of Conversion
 a form of which is annexed
hereto as 
 Borrower shall issue and deliver to the Holder within three (3) business days after the Conversion
&rdquo;) that number of shares of Common Stock for the portion of the
Note converted in accordance with the foregoing. The Holder will not be required to surrender the Note to the Borrower until the
Note has been fully converted or satisfied. The number of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon each conversion of this Note
shall be determined by dividing that portion of the principal of the Note and interest
 if any
 to be converted
 by the Conversion
Price.


 hereof
&rdquo;) per share
shall be equal to seventy-five percent (75%) of the average of the three lowest closing bid prices for the Common Stock as reported
by Bloomberg L.P. for the Principal Market for the ten trading days preceding a Conversion Date
 but in no event greater than $0.02.



2.1(a)
 shall be subject to adjustment from time to time upon the happening of certain events while this conversion right remains
outstanding
 as follows:


    
    


Merger
Sale of Assets
 etc
 (B)
the Borrower effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions
 (C) any tender
offer or exchange offer (whether by the Borrower or another entity) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are
permitted to tender or exchange their shares for other securities
 cash or property
 (D) the Borrower consummates a stock purchase
agreement or other business combination (including
 without limitation
 a reorganization
 recapitalization
 spin-off or scheme
of arrangement) with one or more persons or entities whereby such other persons or entities acquire more than the 50% of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by such other persons or entities making or party to
 or
associated or affiliated with the other persons or entities making or party to
 such stock purchase agreement or other business
combination)
 (E) any &ldquo;person&rdquo; or &ldquo;group&rdquo; (as these terms are used for purposes of Sections 13(d) and 14(d)
of the 1934 Act) is or shall become the &ldquo;beneficial owner&rdquo; (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act)
 directly
or indirectly
 of 50% of the aggregate Common Stock of the Borrower)
 or (F) the Borrower effects any reclassification of the Common
Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other
securities
 cash or property (other than a reverse merger) (in any such case
&rdquo;)
this Note
 as to the unpaid principal portion thereof and accrued interest thereon
 if any
 shall thereafter be deemed to evidence
the right to convert into such number and kind of shares or other securities and property as would have been issuable or distributable
on account of such Fundamental Transaction
 upon or with respect to the securities subject to the conversion right immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction. The foregoing provision shall similarly apply to successive Fundamental Transactions of
a similar nature by any such successor or purchaser. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing
 the anti-dilution provisions
of this Section shall apply to such securities of such successor or purchaser after any such Fundamental Transaction.

Reclassification
etc.
 by reclassification or otherwise
 change the Common Stock into the same or a different
number of securities of any class or classes that may be issued or outstanding
 this Note
 as to the unpaid principal portion thereof
and accrued interest thereon
 shall thereafter be deemed to evidence the right to purchase an adjusted number of such securities
and kind of securities as would have been issuable as the result of such change with respect to the Common Stock immediately prior
to such reclassification or other change.

Stock
Splits
 Combinations and Dividends
of shares of Common Stock
 or if a dividend is paid on the Common Stock in shares of Common Stock
 the Conversion Price shall be
proportionately reduced in case of subdivision of shares or stock dividend or proportionately increased in the case of combination
of shares
 in each such case by the ratio which the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event
bears to the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such event.

Share
Issuance
 if the Borrower shall issue any Common Stock except for the Excepted Issuances
(as defined in Section 12(a) of the Subscription Agreement)
 prior to the complete conversion or payment of this Note
 for a consideration
per share that is less than the Conversion Price that would be in effect at the time of such issue
 then
 and thereafter successively
upon each such issuance
 the Conversion Price shall be reduced to such other lower issue price. For purposes of this adjustment
the issuance of any security or debt instrument of the Borrower carrying the right to convert such security or debt instrument
into Common Stock or of any warrant
 right or option to purchase Common Stock shall result in an adjustment to the Conversion Price
upon the issuance of the above-described security
 debt instrument
 warrant
 right
 or option and again upon the issuance of shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of such conversion or purchase rights if such issuance is at a price lower than the then applicable
Conversion Price. Common Stock issued or issuable by the Borrower for no consideration will be deemed issuable or to have been
issued for $0.00001 per share of Common Stock.


    
    



 above
 the Borrower shall promptly
 but not later than the fifth
) business day after the effectiveness of the adjustment
 provide notice to the Holder setting forth the Conversion
Price after such adjustment and setting forth a statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. Failure to provide the foregoing
notice is an Event of Default under this Note.


the period the conversion right exists
 Borrower will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock not less than an amount
of Common Stock equal to 150% of the amount of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the full conversion of this Note. Borrower
represents that upon issuance
 such shares will be duly and validly issued
 fully paid and non-assessable. Borrower agrees that
its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to its officers
 agents
 and transfer agents who are charged with the
duty of executing and issuing stock certificates to execute and issue the necessary certificates for shares of Common Stock upon
the conversion of this Note.

Method
 hereof and
the Subscription Agreement. Upon partial conversion of this Note
 a new Note containing the same date and provisions of this Note
shall
 at the request of the Holder
 be issued by the Borrower to the Holder for the principal balance of this Note and interest
which shall not have been converted or paid
 upon surrender of the existing Note.

Maximum
Conversion
number of shares of Common Stock which would be in excess of the sum of (i) the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned
by the Holder and its affiliates on a Conversion Date
 (ii) any Common Stock issuable in connection with the unconverted portion
of the Note
 and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the Note with respect to which the
determination of this provision is being made on a Conversion Date
 which would result in beneficial ownership by the Holder and
its affiliates of more than 9.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Borrower on such Conversion Date. For the purposes
of the provision to the immediately preceding sentence
 beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and Regulation 13d-3 thereunder. Subject to the foregoing
 the Holder shall
not be limited to aggregate conversions of 9.99%. The Holder shall have the authority to determine whether the restriction contained
 will limit any conversion hereunder and the extent such limitation applies and to which convertible
or exercisable instrument or part thereof such limitation applies. The Holder may waive the conversion limitation described in
this 
 in whole or in part
 upon and effective after 61 days prior written notice to the Borrower to increase
such percentage up to 9.99%.





.
This Note may not be prepaid
 converted
 redeemed or called by the Borrower without the consent of the Holder except as described
in this Note.

Fundamental
Transaction

2.1(c)(A)
 until twenty (20) business days after the Borrower notifies the Holder of the occurrence of the Fundamental Transaction
the Holder may elect to accelerate the Maturity Date as of the date of the Fundamental Transaction and receive payment for the
then outstanding Principal Amount
 and any other amount owed to the Holder pursuant to the Transaction Documents.


    
    


Mandatory
Conversion
and accrued interest may be transferred by the Holder without restrictive legends
 are free-trading stock and not subject to further
restrictions on transfer and further provided an Event of Default or an event which with the passage of time or giving of notice
could become an Event of Default has not occurred
 then
 until the Maturity Date
 the Borrower will have the one-time option with
&rdquo;) of compelling the Holder
to convert all or a portion of the outstanding and unpaid principal of the Note and interest into Common Stock at the Conversion
&rdquo;). The Notice of Mandatory Conversion
 which notice must be given
&rdquo;) during which the
closing price for the Common Stock as reported by Bloomberg
 LP for the Principal Market shall be equal to or greater than $0.12
each such trading day and during which Lookback Period
 the average daily trading volume as reported by Bloomberg L.P. for the
Principal Market is not less than 500

Conversion Date
which is subject to Mandatory Conversion. The Borrower shall reduce the amount of Note principal and interest subject to a Notice
of Mandatory Conversion by the amount of Note Principal and interest for which the Holder had delivered a Notice of Conversion
to the Borrower during the Lookback Period. Each Mandatory Conversion Date shall be a deemed Conversion Date and the Borrower will
be required to deliver the Common Stock issuable pursuant to a Mandatory Conversion Notice in the same manner and time period as
described in this Note and in the Subscription Agreement. A Notice of Mandatory Conversion may be given only in connection with

2.3
will be a non-curable Event of Default. The trading volume and closing price set forth above will be equitably adjusted to offset
the effect of stock splits
 stock dividends and similar events.

Optional
Redemption of Principal Amount
could become an Event of Default has not occurred
 whether or not such Event of Default has been cured
 the Borrower will have
&rdquo;)
 in whole or in
part
 by paying to the Holder a sum of money equal to one hundred and twenty percent (120%) of the Principal amount to be redeemed
together with accrued but unpaid interest thereon and any and all other sums due
 accrued or payable to the Holder arising under
&rdquo;).
&rdquo;).
&rdquo;)
&rdquo;).
A Notice of Redemption shall not be effective with respect to any portion of the Principal Amount for which the Holder has previously
delivered an election to convert
 or subject to the previous sentence
 for conversions initiated or made by the Holder during the
Redemption Period. On the Redemption Payment Date
 the Redemption Amount
 less any portion of the Redemption Amount against which
the Holder has permissibly exercised its conversion rights
 shall be paid in good funds to the Holder. In the event the Borrower
fails to pay the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Payment Date as set forth herein
 then (i) such Notice of Redemption will
be null and void
 (ii) Borrower will have no right to deliver another Notice of Redemption
 and (iii) Borrower&rsquo;s failure
may be deemed by Holder to be a non-curable Event of Default. A Notice of Redemption may not be given nor may the Borrower effectuate
a Redemption without the consent of the Holder
 if at any time during the Redemption Period an Event of Default
 or an event which
with the passage of time or giving of notice could become an Event of Default (whether or not such Event of Default has been cured)
has occurred. During the Optional Redemption Period
 the Company must abide by all of its obligations to the Note Holder.


    
    







&rdquo;) occurring after Closing and not otherwise disclosed
on the Subscription Agreement and schedules thereto
 shall
 at the option of the Holder hereof
 make all sums of principal and
interest then remaining unpaid hereon and all other amounts payable hereunder immediately due and payable
 upon demand
 without
presentment or grace period
 all of which hereby are expressly waived
 except as set forth below:

Failure
to Pay Principal or Interest
to pay any interest or other sums due under this Note within three (3) days after such amounts are due.

Breach
of Covenant
 except
for a breach of payment
 in any material respect and such breach
 if subject to cure
 continues for a period of ten (10) days after
written notice to the Borrower from the Holder.

Breach
of Representations and Warranties
in any material respect as of the date made and the Closing Date.

.
Any dissolution
 liquidation or winding up by Borrower or a Subsidiary of a substantial portion of their business.

Cessation
of Operations

Maintenance
of Assets
 personal
 real
property
 equipment
 leases or other assets which are necessary to conduct its business (whether now or in the future) and such
breach is not cured with fifteen (15) days after written notice to the Borrower from the Holder.

Receiver
or Trustee
 or apply for or consent to
the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business; or such a receiver or trustee
shall otherwise be appointed.

.
Any money judgment
 writ or similar final process shall be entered or made in a non-appealable adjudication against Borrower or
any Subsidiary or any of its property or other assets for more than $200
000 in excess of the Borrower&rsquo;s insurance coverage
unless stayed vacated or satisfied within thirty (30) days.

.
Bankruptcy
 insolvency
 reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings or relief under any bankruptcy law or any
law
 or the issuance of any notice in relation to such event
 for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower
or any Subsidiary.

.
&rdquo;);
failure to comply with the requirements for continued quotation on the OTCBB for a period of seven (7) consecutive trading days;
or notification from the OTCBB that the Borrower is not in compliance with the conditions for such continued quotation and such
non-compliance continues for seven (7) days following such notification.


    
    




Stop
Trade

Failure
to Deliver Common Stock or Replacement Note
to and in the form required by this Note
 and the Warrant or
 if required
 a replacement Note following a partial conversion.

Reservation
Default
the number of shares of Common Stock as required in this Note and the Warrants
 and such failure continues for a period of thirty
(30) business days.

Financial
Statement Restatement
and Exchange Commission for any date or period from two years prior to the Issue Date of this Note and until this Note is no longer
outstanding
 if the result of such restatement would
 by comparison to the unrestated financial statements
 have constituted a
Material Adverse Effect. For the avoidance of doubt
 any restatement related to new accounting pronouncements
 including without
limitation
 for derivative accounting shall not constitute a default under this 



Reverse
Splits



Notification
Failure
to the terms of this Note or any other Transaction Document.

Cross
Default
 covenant
 warranty or undertaking of any other agreement to which the
Borrower and Holder are parties
 or the occurrence of an event of default under any such other agreement to which Borrower and
Holder are parties which is not cured after any required notice and/or cure period.

Other
Note Default


    
    










Failure
or Indulgence Not Waiver
 right or privilege
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof
 nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power
 right or privilege preclude
other or further exercise thereof or of any other right
 power or privilege. All rights and remedies existing hereunder are cumulative
to
 and not exclusive of
 any rights or remedies otherwise available.

.
All notices
 demands
 requests
 consents
 approvals
 and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing
and
 unless otherwise specified herein
 shall be (i) personally served
 (ii) deposited in the mail
 registered or certified
 return
receipt requested
 postage prepaid
 (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid
 or (iv) transmitted
by hand delivery
 telegram
 or facsimile
 addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified
most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed
effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by facsimile
 with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine
at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to
be received)
 or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business
hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the first business day following the date of mailing by express courier service
fully prepaid
 addressed to such address
 or upon actual receipt of such mailing
 whichever shall first occur. The addresses for
such communications shall be: (i) if to the Borrower to: Attitude Drinks Inc.
 712 U.S. Highway 1
 Suite 200
 North Palm Beach
FL 33408
 Attn: Roy Warren
 CEO and President
 facsimile: (561) 799-5039. and (ii) if to the Holder
 to the name
 address and facsimile
number set forth on the front page of this Note
 with copies (which shall not constitute notice) by fax only to: Grushko &amp;
Mittman
 P.C.
 515 Rockaway Avenue
 Valley Stream
 New York 11581
 Att Barbara R. Mittman Esq.
 Fax (212) 697-3575.

Amendment
Provision
 as used throughout this instrument
 shall mean this instrument
as originally executed
 or if later amended or supplemented
 then as so amended or supplemented.

.
This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns
 and shall inure to the benefit of the Holder and its
successors and assigns. The Borrower may not assign its obligations under this Note.

Cost
of Collection
 Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof reasonable costs of collection
including reasonable attorneys&rsquo; fees.

Governing
Law
of laws principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. Any action brought by
either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement must be brought only in the civil or
state courts of New York or in the federal courts located in the State and county of New York. Both parties and the individual
signing this Agreement on behalf of the Borrower agree to submit to the jurisdiction of such courts. The prevailing party shall
be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney&rsquo;s fees and costs. In the event that any provision of
this Note is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law
 then such provision shall be deemed inoperative
to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such
provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or unenforceability of any other
provision of this Note. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed or operate to preclude the Holder from bringing suit or taking
other legal action against the Borrower in any other jurisdiction to collect on the Borrower&rsquo;s obligations to Holder
 to
realize on any collateral or any other security for such obligations
 or to enforce a judgment or other decision in favor of the

 without limitation to
any other remedies of Holder
 may be enforced against Borrower by summary proceeding pursuant to New York Civil Procedure Law and
Rules Section 3213 or any similar rule or statute in the jurisdiction where enforcement is sought. For purposes of such rule or
statute
 any other document or agreement to which Holder and Borrower are parties or which Borrower delivered to Holder
 which
may be convenient or necessary to determine Holder&rsquo;s rights hereunder or Borrower&rsquo;s obligations to Holder are deemed
a part of this Note
 whether or not such other document or agreement was delivered together herewith or was executed apart from
this Note.


    
    


Maximum
Payments
in excess of the maximum rate permitted by applicable law. In the event that the rate of interest required to be paid or other
charges hereunder exceed the maximum rate permitted by applicable law
 any payments in excess of such maximum rate shall be credited
against amounts owed by the Borrower to the Holder and thus refunded to the Borrower.

Non-Business
Days
 Sunday or a public holiday under the laws of
the State of New York
 such payment may be due or action shall be required on the next succeeding business day and
 for such payment
such next succeeding day shall be included in the calculation of the amount of accrued interest payable on such date.

Facsimile
Signature
 PDF
 electronic signature
or other similar electronic means
 such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the Borrower with the same force
and effect as if such signature page were an original thereof.

Shareholder
Status
However
 the Holder will have the rights of a shareholder of the Borrower with respect to the Shares of Common Stock to be received
after delivery by the Holder of a Conversion Notice to the Borrower.

[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY
LEFT BLANK]


    
    



Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name by an authorized officer as of the 14



    
ATTITUDE DRINKS
 INC.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    






    
13
500

    
13
500

    
31
500



    
    




To be executed by the Registered
Holder in order to convert the Note)


and $_________ of the interest due on the Note issued by ATTITUDE DRINKS
 INC. on January 14
 2015 into Shares of Common Stock
of ATTITUDE DRINKS
&rdquo;) according to the conditions set forth in such Note
 as of the date
written below.



    
    




    
    


Number
of Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned on the Conversion Date: Less than 5% of the outstanding Common Stock of
ATTITUDE DRINKS
 INC.



    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    

    
    



    














     






FORM OF CONVERTIBLE
NOTE AND CLASS A WARRANT

NEITHER THIS
SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS CONVERTIBLE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
 AS
AMENDED (THE &ldquo;SECURITIES ACT&rdquo;)
 AND
 ACCORDINGLY
 MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM
 OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO
 THE REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF
COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT
 THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO BORROWER. THIS SECURITY AND
THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED
BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN &ldquo;ACCREDITED INVESTOR&rdquo; AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a)
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

Original Issue

 2014
Principal
Amount: $

SECURED
CONVERTIBLE NOTE
DUE
December 
 2015

THIS
CONVERTIBLE NOTE is one of a series of duly authorized and validly issued Notes of Attitude Beer Holding Co. a Delaware corporation
&rdquo;)
 having its principal place of business at 712 US Highway 1
 Suite 200
 North Palm Beach
FL 33408
 due December 24
(this note
&rdquo; and
 collectively with the other notes of such
series
 the &ldquo;

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED
 Borrower promises to pay to [Requires Completion]
 [Requires Completion] Fax: + [Requires Completion] or its registered
&rdquo;)
 or shall have paid pursuant to the terms hereunder
 the principal sum of [Requires
Completion] dollars and [Requires Completion] cents ($[Requires Completion]) on December 24
&rdquo;)
or such earlier date as this Note is required or permitted to be repaid as provided hereunder
 and to pay interest
 if any
 to
the Holder on the aggregate unconverted and then outstanding principal amount of this Note in accordance with the provisions hereof.

The
Holder of this Note has been granted a security interest in asset of Borrower.

This
Note is subject to the following additional provisions:

Section
. For the purposes hereof
 in addition to
the terms defined elsewhere in this Note
 (a) capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth
in the Purchase Agreement and (b) the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Alternate
Consideration


    
    


Bankruptcy
Event
under any bankruptcy
 reorganization
 arrangement
 adjustment of debt
 relief of debtors
 dissolution
 insolvency or liquidation
or similar law of any jurisdiction relating to Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof
 (b) there is commenced against Borrower or
any Subsidiary thereof any such case or proceeding that is not dismissed within 60 days after commencement
 (c) Borrower or any
Subsidiary thereof is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding
is entered
 (d) Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it or any substantial
part of its property that is not discharged or stayed within 60 calendar days after such appointment
 (e) Borrower or any Subsidiary
thereof makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors
 (f) Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof calls a meeting of its
creditors with a view to arranging a composition
 adjustment or restructuring of its debts or (g) Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof
by any act or failure to act
 expressly indicates its consent to
 approval of or acquiescence in any of the foregoing or takes
any corporate or other action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing.

Base
Conversion Price

Beneficial
Ownership Limitation

Business
Day
 any Sunday
 any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or
any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action
to close.

&rdquo;
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c)(v).

Change
of Control Transaction
 other than by means of conversion or exercise of the Notes and the Securities issued
together with the Notes
 the occurrence after the date hereof of any of (a) an acquisition after the date hereof by an individual
or legal entity or &ldquo;group&rdquo; (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of effective control
(whether through legal or beneficial ownership of capital stock of Borrower
 by contract or otherwise) of in excess of 50% of
the voting securities of Borrower
 (b) Borrower merges into or consolidates with any other Person
 or any Person merges into or
consolidates with Borrower and
 after giving effect to such transaction
 the stockholders of Borrower immediately prior to such
transaction own less than 50% of the aggregate voting power of Borrower or the successor entity of such transaction
 (c) Borrower
sells or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to another Person and the stockholders of Borrower immediately prior
to such transaction own less than 50% of the aggregate voting power of the acquiring entity immediately after the transaction
(d) a replacement at one time or within a three year period of more than one-half of the members of the Board of Directors which
is not approved by a majority of those individuals who are members of the Board of Directors on the Original Issue Date (or by
those individuals who are serving as members of the Board of Directors on any date whose nomination to the Board of Directors
was approved by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors who are members on the date hereof)
 or (e) the execution
by Borrower of an agreement to which Borrower is a party or by which it is bound
 providing for any of the events set forth in
clauses (a) through (d) above.

Closing
Price
on the Trading Market (as reported by Bloomberg L.P. at 4:15 p.m. (New York City time))
 or (b) if there is no such price on such
date
 then the closing bid price on the Trading Market on the date nearest preceding such date (as reported by Bloomberg L.P.
at 4:15 p.m. (New York City time))
 or (c)&nbsp; if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted on a Trading Market and if prices
for the Common Stock are then reported in the &ldquo;pink sheets&rdquo; published by Pink OTC Markets
 Inc. (or a similar organization
or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices)
 the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported
or (d)&nbsp;if the shares of Common Stock are not then publicly traded the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holder and reasonably acceptable to Borrower
 the fees and expenses
of which shall be paid by Borrower.


    
    


&rdquo;
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.

Conversion
Date

Conversion
Price

Conversion
Shares
 collectively
 the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note in accordance with the
terms hereof.

Equity
Conditions
 during the period in question

duly honored all conversions scheduled to occur or occurring by virtue of one or more Notices of Conversion of the applicable
Holder on or prior to the dates so requested or required
 if any
 (b) Borrower shall have paid all liquidated damages and other
amounts owing to the applicable Holder in respect of this Note and the other Transaction Documents

effective registration statement pursuant to which the Holders are permitted to utilize the prospectus thereunder to resell all
of the Underlying Shares (and Borrower believes
 in good faith
 that such effectiveness will continue uninterrupted for the foreseeable
future)
 or (ii) all of the Underlying Shares (and shares issuable in lieu of cash payments of interest) may be resold pursuant
to Rule 144 without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information requirements as determined by the counsel
to Borrower as set forth in a written opinion letter to such effect
 addressed and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and the affected
Holders
 (d) the Common Stock is trading on a Trading Market and all of the shares issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents
are listed or quoted for trading on such Trading Market (and Borrower believes
 in good faith
 that trading of the Common Stock
on a Trading Market will continue uninterrupted for the foreseeable future)
 (e) there is a sufficient number of authorized
 but
unissued and otherwise unreserved
 shares of Common Stock for the issuance of all of the shares then issuable pursuant to the
Transaction Documents
 (f) an Event of Default has not occurred
 whether or not such Event of Default has been cured
 (g) there
is no existing Event of Default and no existing event which
 with the passage of time or the giving of notice
 would constitute
an Event of Default
 (h) the issuance of the shares in question to the applicable Holder would not exceed the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation

Transaction or Change of Control Transaction that has not been consummated
 and (j) the applicable Holder is not in possession
of any information provided by Borrower that constitutes
 or may constitute
 material non-public information. 

Event
of Default

Fundamental
Transaction

Interest
Payment Date

Lookback
Period


    
    


Mandatory
Default Amount
Conversion Price on the date the Mandatory Default Amount is either (A) demanded (if demand or notice is required to create an
Event of Default) or otherwise due or (B) paid in full
 whichever has a lower Conversion Price
 multiplied by the VWAP on the
date the Mandatory Default Amount is either (x) demanded or otherwise due or (y) paid in full
 whichever has a higher VWAP
 or
(ii) 115% of the outstanding principal amount of this Note and (b) all other amounts
 costs
 expenses and liquidated damages due
in respect of this Note.

New
York Courts

Note
Register

Notice
of Conversion

Notice
of Redemption

Optional
Redemption

Original
Issue Date
 regardless of any transfers of any Note and regardless
of the number of instruments which may be issued to evidence such Notes.

Other
Holders

Other
Notes

Permitted
Indebtedness
000 in the aggregate
(other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business)
 (y) all guaranties
 endorsements and other contingent
obligations in respect of indebtedness of others
 whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Company&rsquo;s consolidated
balance sheet (or the notes thereto) not affecting more than $1
000 in the aggregate
 except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable
instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of
any lease payments not in excess of $1
000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

Permitted
Lien
 assessments and other governmental
charges or levies not yet due or Liens for taxes
 assessments and other governmental charges or levies being contested in good
faith and by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves (in the good faith judgment of the management of Borrower) have
been established in accordance with GAAP
 (b) Liens imposed by law which were incurred in the ordinary course of Borrower&rsquo;s
business
 such as carriers&rsquo;
 warehousemen&rsquo;s and mechanics&rsquo; Liens
 statutory landlords&rsquo; Liens
 and other
similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of Borrower&rsquo;s business
 and which (x) do not individually or in the aggregate
materially detract from the value of such property or assets or materially impair the use thereof in the operation of the business
of Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries or (y) are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings
 which proceedings
have the effect of preventing for the foreseeable future the forfeiture or sale of the property or asset subject to such Lien
and (c) Liens incurred prior to the Closing Date in connection with Permitted Indebtedness under clauses (a)
 (b) thereunder
and Liens incurred in connection with Permitted Indebtedness under clause (c) thereunder
 provided that such Liens are not secured
by assets of Borrower or its Subsidiaries other than the assets so acquired or leased.


    
    


Purchase
Agreement
 dated as of December 24
 2014 among Borrower and the original Holders
as amended
 modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

Redemption
Amount

Redemption
Period

Securities
Act
 as amended
 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Share
Delivery Date

Successor
Entity

Threshold
Period

Trading
Day

Trading
Market
the date in question: the NYSE MKT
 the Nasdaq Capital Market
 the Nasdaq Global Market
 the Nasdaq Global Select Market
 the
New York Stock Exchange
 the OTC Bulletin Board
 the OTCQB
 or the OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Underlying
Shares
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

&rdquo;
means
 for any date
 the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then
listed or quoted on a Trading Market
 the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest
preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based
on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time))
 (b)&nbsp; if the OTC Bulletin Board is
not a Trading Market
 the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the
OTC Bulletin Board
 (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on the OTC Bulletin Board and if prices for
the Common Stock are then reported on the OTCQX
 OTCQB or OTC Pink Marketplace maintained by the OTC Markets Group
 Inc. (or a
similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices)
 the volume weighted average price of the Common
Stock on the first such facility (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices)
 or (d)&nbsp;in
all other cases
 the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith
by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to Borrower
 the fees
and expenses of which shall be paid by Borrower.


    
    


Section
2

Interest
in Cash
 and Borrower shall pay
 cumulative interest on the outstanding principal amount
of this Note compounded annually at the annual rate of 10% (all subject to increase as set forth in this Note) from the Original
&rdquo;)
(if any Interest Payment Date is not a Trading Day
 the applicable payment shall be due on the next succeeding Trading Day) in
cash.

Payment
Grace Period

Conversion
Privileges
and until the Note is paid in full regardless of the occurrence of an Event of Default. This Note shall be payable in full on
the Maturity Date
 unless previously converted into Common Stock in accordance with Section 4 hereof.

Application
of Payments
Payments made in connection with this Note shall be applied first to amounts due hereunder other than principal and interest
thereafter to interest and finally to principal.

Pari
Passu
 all payments made on this Note and the Other Notes and all actions taken by the
Borrower with respect to this Note and the Other Notes
 including but not limited to Mandatory Conversion
 shall be made and taken
 with respect to this Note and the Other Notes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or
in the Transaction Documents
 it shall not be considered non-pari passu for a Holder or Other Holder to elect to receive interest
paid in shares of Common Stock or for the Borrower to actually pay interest in shares of Common Stock to such electing Holder
or Other Holder.

Manner
and Place of Payment
at the Holder&rsquo;s offices as designated above in lawful money of the United States of America in immediately available funds
without set-off
 deduction or counterclaim. Upon assignment of the interest of Holder in this Note
 Borrower shall instead make
its payment pursuant to the assignee&rsquo;s instructions upon receipt of written notice thereof. Except as set forth herein
this Note may not be prepaid or mandatorily converted without the consent of the Holder.

Section
3.

a)
. This Note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate
principal amount of Notes of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service
charge will be payable for such registration of transfer or exchange.

b)
. This Note has been issued subject to
certain investment representations of the original Holder set forth in the Purchase Agreement and may be transferred or exchanged
only in compliance with the Purchase Agreement and applicable federal and state securities laws and regulations.

c)
. Prior to due presentment for transfer
to Borrower of this Note
 Borrower and any agent of Borrower may treat the Person in whose name this Note is duly registered on
the Note Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided and for all other purposes
 whether
or not this Note is overdue
 and neither Borrower nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.


    
    


Section
4.

a)
. At any time after the Original Issue Date until
this Note is no longer outstanding
 this Note shall be convertible
 in whole or in part
 into shares of Common Stock at the option
of the Holder
 at any time and from time to time (subject to the conversion limitations set forth in Section&nbsp;4(d) hereof).
The Holder shall effect conversions by delivering to Borrower a Notice of Conversion
 the form of which is attached hereto as
 (each
&rdquo;)
 specifying therein the principal amount of this Note to be
converted and the date on which such conversion shall be effected (such date
&rdquo;). If no
Conversion Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion
 the Conversion Date shall be the date that such Notice of Conversion is
deemed delivered hereunder. To effect conversions hereunder
 the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note
to Borrower unless the entire principal amount of this Note has been so converted. Conversions hereunder shall have the effect
of lowering the outstanding principal amount of this Note in an amount equal to the applicable conversion. The Holder and Borrower
shall maintain records showing the principal amount(s) converted and the date of such conversion(s). Borrower may deliver an objection
to any Notice of Conversion within one (1) Business Day of delivery of such Notice of Conversion. In the event of any dispute
or discrepancy

and any assignee by acceptance of this Note
 acknowledge and agree that
 by reason of the provisions of this paragraph
 following
conversion of a portion of this Note
 the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Note may be less than the amount stated
on the face hereof.

b)
. The conversion price for the principal and interest
in connection with voluntary conversions by the Holder shall be either: (i) if the Company&rsquo;s common stock is traded on a
Trading Market
 the conversion price shall be 50% of the lowest bid price for the previous 50 trading days; (ii) if the Company&rsquo;s
common stock is traded on a Trading Market and there is a DTC chill on the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 the conversion price
shall be 60% of the lowest bid price for the previous 50 trading days; or (iii) if the Company&rsquo;s common stock is not traded
on a Trading Market it shall be 
 subject to adjustment herein (the &ldquo;

c)
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

i.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. The number of Conversion Shares issuable upon
a conversion hereunder shall be determined by the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the outstanding principal amount of this Note
to be converted plus interest elected by the Holder to be converted by (y) the Conversion Price.


    
    


Delivery
Share Delivery
Date
 Borrower shall deliver
 or cause to be delivered
 to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing the
Conversion Shares which
 on or after the earlier of (i) the six month anniversary of the Original Issue Date or (ii) the Effective
Date
 shall be free of restrictive legends and trading restrictions (other than those which may then be required by the Purchase
Agreement) representing the number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon the conversion of this Note. On or after the earlier
of (i) the six month anniversary of the Original Issue Date or (ii) the Effective Date
 Borrower shall use its best efforts to
deliver any certificate or certificates required to be delivered by Borrower under this Section 4(c) electronically through the
Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions.

Failure
to Deliver Certificates
 in the case of any Notice of Conversion
 such certificate or certificates are not delivered to
or as directed by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date
 the Holder shall be entitled to elect by written notice to
Borrower at any time on or before its receipt of such certificate or certificates
 to rescind such Conversion
 in which event
Borrower shall promptly return to the Holder any original Note delivered to Borrower and the Holder shall promptly return to Borrower
the Common Stock certificates issued to such Holder pursuant to the rescinded Conversion Notice.

Obligation
Absolute; Partial Liquidated Damages
of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional
 irrespective of any action or inaction by the
Holder to enforce the same
 any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof
 the recovery of any judgment against any
Person or any action to enforce the same
 or any setoff
 counterclaim
 recoupment
 limitation or termination
 or any breach or
alleged breach by the Holder or any other Person of any obligation to Borrower or any violation or alleged violation of law by
the Holder or any other Person
 and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of Borrower
to the Holder in connection with the issuance of such Conversion Shares; 
 
 that such delivery shall
not operate as a waiver by Borrower of any such action Borrower may have against the Holder. In the event the Holder of this Note
shall elect to convert any or all of the outstanding principal amount hereof
 Borrower may not refuse conversion based on any
claim that the Holder or anyone associated or affiliated with the Holder has been engaged in any violation of law
 agreement or
for any other reason
 unless an injunction from a court
 on notice to Holder
 restraining and or enjoining conversion of all or
part of this Note shall have been sought and obtained
 and Borrower posts a surety bond for the benefit of the Holder in the amount
of 150% of the outstanding principal amount of this Note
 which is subject to the injunction
 which bond shall remain in effect
until the completion of arbitration/litigation of the underlying dispute and the proceeds of which shall be payable to the Holder
to the extent it obtains judgment. In the absence of such injunction
 Borrower shall issue Conversion Shares or
 if applicable
cash
 upon a properly noticed conversion. If Borrower fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder such certificate or certificates
pursuant to Section 4(c)(ii) by the Share Delivery Date
 Borrower shall pay to the Holder
 in cash
 as liquidated damages and
not as a penalty
 for each $1
000 of principal amount being converted
 $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day
) Trading Day after such liquidated damages being to accrue) for each Trading Day after such Share
Delivery Date until such certificates are delivered or Holder rescinds such conversion. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder&rsquo;s
right to pursue actual damages or declare an Event of Default pursuant to Section 8 hereof for Borrower&rsquo;s failure to deliver
Conversion Shares within the period specified herein and the Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it
hereunder
 at law or in equity including
 without limitation
 a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise
of any such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under
applicable law.


    
    


Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Certificates Upon Conversion
if Borrower fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder such certificate or certificates by the Share Delivery Date pursuant
to Section 4(c)(ii)
 and if after such Share Delivery Date the Holder is required by its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open
market transaction or otherwise)
 or the Holder or Holder&rsquo;s brokerage firm otherwise purchases
 shares of Common Stock to
deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Conversion Shares which the Holder was entitled to receive upon the conversion
&rdquo;)
 then Borrower shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder (in addition
to any other remedies available to or elected by the Holder) the amount
 if any
 by which (x) the Holder&rsquo;s total purchase
price (including any brokerage commissions) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number
of shares of Common Stock that the Holder was entitled to receive from the conversion at issue multiplied by (2) the actual sale
price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (including any brokerage commissions) and (B)
at the option of the Holder
 either reissue (if surrendered) this Note in a principal amount equal to the principal amount of
the attempted conversion (in which case such conversion shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares
of Common Stock that would have been issued if Borrower had timely complied with its delivery requirements under Section 4(c)(ii).
For example
 if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11
000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an
attempted conversion of this Note with respect to which the actual sale price of the Conversion Shares (including any brokerage
commissions) giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of $10
000 under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence
Borrower shall be required to pay the Holder $1
000. The Holder shall provide Borrower written notice indicating the amounts payable
to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and
 upon request of Borrower
 evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall
limit a Holder&rsquo;s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder
 at law or in equity including
 without limitation
a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to Borrower&rsquo;s failure to timely deliver certificates
representing shares of Common Stock upon conversion of this Note as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

Reservation
of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion
and unissued shares of Common Stock for the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of this Note as herein provided
 free from
preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the Holder (and the other holders of the
Notes)
 not less than such aggregate number of shares of the Common Stock as shall (subject to the terms and conditions set forth
in the Purchase Agreement) be issuable (taking into account the adjustments and restrictions of Section 5) upon the conversion
of the then outstanding principal amount of this Note and interest which has accrued and would accrue on such principal amount
assuming such principal amount was not converted through the Maturity Date. Borrower covenants that all shares of Common Stock
that shall be so issuable shall
 upon issue
 be duly authorized
 validly issued
 fully paid and nonassessable.


    
    


Fractional
Shares
to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion
 Borrower shall at its
election
 either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the
Conversion Price or round up to the next whole share.

Transfer
Taxes and Expenses
charge to the Holder hereof for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery
of such certificates
 provided that
 Borrower shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer
involved in the issuance and delivery of any such certificate upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holder of this
Note so converted and Borrower shall not be required to issue or deliver such certificates unless or until the Person or Persons
requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to Borrower the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction
of Borrower that such tax has been paid. Borrower shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice
of Conversion.

d)
. Borrower shall not effect
any conversion of this Note
 and a Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of this Note
 to the extent that after
giving effect to the conversion set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion
 the Holder (together with the Holder&rsquo;s
Affiliates
 and any Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holder&rsquo;s Affiliates) would beneficially
own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below).&nbsp; For purposes of the foregoing sentence
 the number
of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates shall include the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon conversion of this Note with respect to which such determination is being made
 but shall exclude the number of
shares of Common Stock which are issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining
 unconverted principal amount of this Note beneficially
owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any
other securities of Borrower subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein (including
without limitation
 any other Notes or the Warrants) beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates.&nbsp; Except as
set forth in the preceding sentence
 for purposes of this Section 4(d)
 beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. To the extent that the limitation
contained in this Section 4(d) applies
 the determination of whether this Note is convertible (in relation to other securities
owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which principal amount of this Note is convertible shall be in the sole
discretion of the Holder
 and the submission of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to be the Holder&rsquo;s determination
of whether this Note may be converted (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and which
principal amount of this Note is convertible
 in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. To ensure compliance
with this restriction
 the Holder will be deemed to represent to Borrower each time it delivers a Notice of Conversion that such
Notice of Conversion has not violated the restrictions set forth in this paragraph and Borrower shall have no obligation to verify
or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition
 a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall
be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes
of this Section 4(d)
 in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock
 the Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as stated in the most recent of the following: (i) Borrower&rsquo;s most recent periodic or annual report
filed with the Commission
 as the case may be
 (ii) a more recent public announcement by Borrower
 or (iii) a more recent written
notice by Borrower or Borrower&rsquo;s transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding.&nbsp; Upon
the written or oral request of a Holder
 Borrower shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the
number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding.&nbsp; In any case
 the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be
determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of Borrower
 including this Note
 by the Holder or

Ownership Limitation
effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note held by the Holder. The Holder may decrease
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation at any time and the Holder
 upon not less than 61 days&rsquo; prior notice to Borrower
 may
increase the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 4(d)
 provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of this Note held by the Holder and the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of
 day after such notice
is delivered to Borrower. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented
in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 4(d) to correct this paragraph (or any portion
hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation contained herein or to make changes
or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph
shall apply to a successor holder of this Note.


    
    


Section
5

a)
. If Borrower
 at any time while
this Note is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common
Stock on shares of Common Stock or any Common Stock Equivalents (which
 for avoidance of doubt
 shall not include any shares of
Common Stock issued by Borrower upon conversion of the Notes)
 (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger
number of shares
 (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller
number of shares or (iv) issues
 in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock
 any shares of capital stock
of Borrower
 then the Conversion Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares
of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of Borrower) outstanding immediately before such event
 and of which the denominator
shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section
shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend
or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision
 combination or re-classification.

b)
. In addition to any adjustments pursuant
to Section 5(a) above
 if at any time Borrower grants
 issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock
warrants

Rights
 then the Holder will be entitled to acquire
 upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights
 the aggregate
Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon
complete conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof
 including without limitation
 the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant
 issuance or sale of such Purchase
Rights
 or
 if no such record is taken
 the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined
for the grant
 issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided
 however
 to the extent that the Holder&rsquo;s right to participate
in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
 then the Holder shall not
be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a
result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder
until such time
 if ever
 as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).


    
    


Pro
Rata Distributions
 if Borrower shall declare or make any dividend or other
distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock
 by way of return of capital
or otherwise (including
 without limitation
 any distribution of cash
 stock or other securities
 property or options by way of
a dividend
 spin off
 reclassification
 corporate rearrangement
&rdquo;)
at any time after the issuance of this Note
 then
 in each such case
 the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock
acquirable upon complete exercise of this Note (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof
 including without limitation
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution
 or
 if no such
record is taken
 the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation
in such Distribution (
 
 to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in any such Distribution
would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
 then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate
in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution
to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time
if ever
 as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).


    
    


d)
. If
 at any time while this Note is outstanding
(i) Borrower
 directly or indirectly
 in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of Borrower with
or into another Person
 (ii) Borrower
 directly or indirectly
 effects any sale
 lease
 license
 assignment
 transfer
 conveyance
or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions
 (iii) any
 direct or
indirect
 purchase offer
 tender offer or exchange offer (whether by Borrower or another Person) is completed pursuant to which
holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell
 tender or exchange their shares for other securities
 cash or property and has
been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock
 (iv) Borrower
 directly or indirectly
 in one or
more related transactions effects any reclassification
 reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory
share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities
 cash or property
(v) Borrower
 directly or indirectly
 in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other
business combination (including
 without limitation
 a reorganization
 recapitalization
 spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with
another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares
of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to
 or associated or affiliated with the other Persons
making or party to
&rdquo;)
then
 upon any subsequent conversion of this Note
 the Holder shall have the right to receive
 for each Conversion Share that
would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard
to any limitation in Section 4(d) and Section 4(e) on the conversion of this Note)
 the number of shares of Common Stock of the
successor or acquiring corporation or of Borrower
 if it is the surviving corporation

Consideration
Stock for which this Note is convertible immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in
Section 4(d) and Section 4(e) on the conversion of this Note). For purposes of any such conversion
 the determination of the Conversion
Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one (1) share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction
 and Borrower shall apportion the Conversion
Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the
Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities
 cash or property to be received
in a Fundamental Transaction
 then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon
any conversion of this Note following such Fundamental Transaction. Borrower shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental
&rdquo;) to assume in writing all of the
obligations of Borrower under this Note and the other Transaction Documents (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) in accordance
with the provisions of this Section 5(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder
and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall
 at the option of the
holder of this Note
 deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Note a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written
instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Note which is convertible for a corresponding number of shares
of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable
upon conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Note) prior to such Fundamental Transaction
and with a conversion price which applies the conversion price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account
the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital
stock
 such number of shares of capital stock and such conversion price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value
of this Note immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction)
 and which is reasonably satisfactory in form
and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction
 the Successor Entity shall succeed to
 and
be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction
 the provisions of this Note and the other
Transaction Documents referring to the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; shall refer instead to the Successor Entity)
 and may exercise every
right and power of Borrower and shall assume all of the obligations of Borrower under this Note and the other Transaction Documents
with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as Borrower herein.

.
All calculations under this Section 5 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share
 as the case may be.
For purposes of this Section 5
 the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall
be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of Borrower) issued and outstanding.

f)
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

Adjustment
to Conversion Price
 Borrower shall
promptly deliver to each Holder a notice setting forth the Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement
of the facts requiring such adjustment.


    
    


ii.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. If (A) Borrower shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in
whatever form) on the Common Stock
 (B) Borrower shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the
Common Stock
 (C) Borrower shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe
for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights
 (D) the approval of any stockholders of Borrower shall
be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock
 any consolidation or merger to which Borrower is a party
any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of Borrower
 or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common
Stock is converted into other securities
 cash or property or (E) Borrower shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution
liquidation or winding up of the affairs of Borrower
 then
 in each case
 Borrower shall cause to be filed at each office or agency
maintained for the purpose of conversion of this Note
 and shall cause to be delivered to the Holder at its last address as it
shall appear upon the Note Register
 at least twenty (20) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter
specified
 a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend
 distribution
 redemption
rights or warrants
 or if a record is not to be taken
 the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled
to such dividend
 distributions
 redemption
 rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification
consolidation
 merger
 sale
 transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close
 and the date as of which it
is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities
cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification
 consolidation
 merger
 sale
 transfer or share exchange
 provided
that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the
corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes
 or contains
material
 non-public information regarding Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries
 Borrower shall simultaneously file such notice
with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to convert this Note during the
20-day period commencing on the date of such notice through the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may
otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section
. The Borrower will have the option
&rdquo;)
 in whole or in part
 by
paying to the Holder a sum of money in cash equal to one hundred and fifty percent (150%) of the Principal amount to be redeemed
together with accrued but unpaid interest thereon and any and all other sums due
 accrued or payable to the Holder arising under
this Note through the Redemption Payment Date
&rdquo;). Borrower&rsquo;s
election to exercise its right to prepay must be by notice in writing and include proof of funds to pay for the Optional Redemption
&rdquo;). The Notice of Redemption shall specify the date for such Optional Redemption (the
&rdquo;)
 which date shall be a date certain not sooner than twenty (20) Trading Days after
&rdquo;). A Notice of Redemption
 if given
 may be given
&rdquo;) during which all
of the Equity Conditions [until six months after the Original Issue Date
 except for part (c) and (i) of the definition of Equity
Conditions] have been in effect. A Notice of Redemption shall not be effective with respect to any portion of the Principal Amount
for which the Holder has previously delivered an election to convert
 or for conversions initiated or made by the Holder during
the Redemption Period. A Notice of Redemption may be given only in connection with an amount of Common Stock that would not exceed
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. On the Redemption Payment Date
 the Redemption Amount
 less any portion of the Redemption
Amount against which the Holder has permissibly exercised its conversion rights
 shall be paid in good funds to the Holder. In
the event the Borrower fails to pay the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Payment Date as set forth herein
 then (i) such Notice
of Redemption will be null and void
 (ii) Borrower will have no right to deliver another Notice of Redemption
 and (iii) Borrower&rsquo;s
failure may be deemed by Holder to be a non-curable Event of Default. In the event the Equity Conditions cease to be in effect
prior to the payment of the Redemption Amount
 the Holder may cancel the Notice of Redemption.


    
    


Section
. As long as any portion of this Note
remains outstanding
 unless the holders of at least 51% in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes shall have otherwise
given prior written consent
 Borrower shall not
 and shall not permit any of the Subsidiaries to
 directly or indirectly:

a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;other
than Permitted Indebtedness
 enter into
 create
 incur
 assume
 guarantee or suffer to exist any indebtedness for borrowed money
of any kind
 including
 but not limited to
 a guarantee
 on or with respect to any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter
acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom;

b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;other
than Permitted Liens
 enter into
 create
 incur
 assume or suffer to exist any Liens of any kind
 on or with respect to any of
its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom;

c)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;amend
its charter documents
 including
 without limitation
 its certificate of incorporation and bylaws
 in any manner that materially
and adversely affects any rights of the Holder;

d)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;repay
repurchase or offer to repay
 number of shares of its Common
Stock or Common Stock Equivalents other than as to the Conversion Shares or Warrant Shares as permitted or required under the
Transaction Documents;

e)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;redeem
defease
 repurchase
 repay or make any payments in respect of
 by the payment of cash or cash equivalents (in whole or in part
whether by way of open market purchases
 tender offers
 private transactions or otherwise)
 all or any portion of any Indebtedness
(other than the Notes if on a pro-rata basis)
 whether by way of payment in respect of principal of (or premium
 if any) or interest
on
 such Indebtedness;

f)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;pay
cash dividends or distributions on any equity securities of Borrower;

g)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;enter
into any transaction with any Affiliate of Borrower which would be required to be disclosed in any public filing with the Commission
unless such transaction is made on an arm&rsquo;s-length basis and expressly approved by a majority of the disinterested directors
of Borrower (even if less than a quorum otherwise required for board approval);

h)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;enter
into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing.


    
    


Section
8

a)
&rdquo; means
 wherever used herein
 any
of the following events (whatever the reason for such event and whether such event shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected
by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment
 decree or order of any court
 or any order
 rule or regulation of any administrative
or governmental body):

i.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;any
default in the payment of (A) the principal amount of any Note or (B) liquidated damages and other amounts owing to a Holder on
any Note
 as and when the same shall become due and payable (whether on a Conversion Date or the Maturity Date or by acceleration
or otherwise) which default
 solely in the case of a default under clause (B) above
 is not cured within 3 Trading Days after
Borrower has become or should have become aware of such default;

ii.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Borrower
shall fail to observe or perform any other covenant or agreement contained in the Notes (other than a breach by Borrower of its
obligations to deliver shares of Common Stock to the Holder upon conversion
 which breach is addressed in clause (x) below) which
failure is not cured
 if possible to cure
 within the earlier to occur of (A) 5 Trading Days after notice of such failure sent
by the Holder or by any Other Holder to Borrower and (B) 10 Trading Days after Borrower has become or should have become aware
of such failure;

iii.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;a
default or event of default (subject to any grace or cure period provided in the applicable agreement
 document or instrument)
shall occur under (A) any of the Transaction Documents
 including but not limited to failure to strictly comply with the provisions
of the Warrants
 or (B) any other material agreement
 lease
 document or instrument to which Borrower or any Subsidiary is obligated
(and not covered by clause (vi) below);

iv.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;any
representation or warranty made in this Note
 any other Transaction Documents
 any written statement pursuant hereto or thereto
or any other report
 financial statement or certificate made or delivered to the Holder or any Other Holder shall be untrue or
incorrect in any material respect as of the date when made or deemed made;

v.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Borrower
or any Subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X) shall be subject to a Bankruptcy Event;

vi.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Borrower
or any Subsidiary shall default on any of its obligations under any mortgage
 credit agreement or other facility
 indenture agreement
factoring agreement or other instrument under which there may be issued
 or by which there may be secured or evidenced
 any indebtedness
for borrowed money or money due under any long term leasing or factoring arrangement that (a) involves an obligation greater than
$50
000
 whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created
 and (b) results in such indebtedness becoming or
being declared due and payable prior to the date on which it would otherwise become due and payable;

vii.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Borrower
shall be a party to any Change of Control Transaction or Fundamental Transaction or shall agree to sell or dispose of all or in
excess of 30% of its assets in one transaction or a series of related transactions (whether or not such sale would constitute
a Change of Control Transaction);


    
    


viii.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Borrower
shall fail for any reason to deliver certificates to a Holder prior to the fifth Trading Day after a Conversion Date pursuant
to Section 4(c) or Borrower shall provide at any time notice to the Holder
 including by way of public announcement
 of Borrower&rsquo;s
intention to not honor requests for conversions of any Notes in accordance with the terms hereof;

ix.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
&nbsp;any Person shall breach any agreement delivered to the initial Holders pursuant to Section 2.2 or 2.5 of the Purchase Agreement;

x.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
&nbsp;any monetary judgment
 writ or similar final process shall be entered or filed against Borrower
 any subsidiary or any of
their respective property or other assets for more than $50
000
 and such judgment
 writ or similar final process shall remain
unvacated
 unbonded or unstayed for a period of 90 calendar days;

xi.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;any
dissolution
 liquidation or winding up by Borrower or a material Subsidiary of a substantial portion of their business;

xii.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;cessation
of operations by Borrower or a material Subsidiary;

xiii.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
failure by Borrower or any material Subsidiary to maintain any material intellectual property rights
 personal
 real property
equipment
 leases or other assets which are necessary to conduct its business (whether now or in the future) and such breach is
not cured with twenty (20) days after written notice to the Borrower from the Holder;

xiv.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;If
the Common Stock ever is listed on a Trading Market
 an event resulting in the Common Stock no longer being listed or quoted on
a Trading Market
 or notification from a Trading Market that the Borrower is not in compliance with the conditions for such continued
quotation and such non-compliance continues for twenty (20) days following such notification;

xv.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;If
the Common Stock ever is listed on a Trading Market
 a Commission or judicial stop trade order or suspension from its Principal
Trading Market;

xvi.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;the
restatement after the date hereof of any financial statements filed by the Borrower or Attitude Drinks
 Inc. with the Commission
for any date or period from two years prior to the Original Issue Date and until this Note is no longer outstanding
 if the result
of such restatement would
 by comparison to the unrestated financial statements
 have constituted a Material Adverse Effect. For
the avoidance of doubt
 any restatement related to new accounting pronouncements shall not constitute a default under this Section;

xvii.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;the
Borrower effectuates a reverse split of its Common Stock without ten (10) days prior written notice to the Holder;

xviii.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;a
failure by Borrower to notify Holder of any material event of which Borrower is obligated to notify Holder pursuant to the terms
of this Note or any other Transaction Document;

xix.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;a
default by the Borrower of a material term
 covenant
 warranty or undertaking of any other agreement to which the Borrower and
Holder are parties
 or the occurrence of an event of default under any such other agreement to which Borrower and Holder are parties
which is not cured after any required notice and/or cure period;


    
    


xx.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;the
occurrence of an Event of Default under any Other Note;

xxi.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;any
material provision of any Transaction Document shall at any time for any reason (other than pursuant to the express terms thereof)
cease to be valid and binding on or enforceable against the Borrower
 or the validity or enforceability thereof shall be contested
by Borrower
 or a proceeding shall be commenced by Borrower or any governmental authority having jurisdiction over Borrower or
Holder
 seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof
 or Borrower shall deny in writing that it has any liability
or obligation purported to be created under any Transaction Document; or

xxii&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;any
judgment or judgments against Attitude Drinks Inc. in the aggregate amount of $150
000.

b)

 Fundamental Transaction and Change of
Control Transaction
 the outstanding
principal amount of this Note
 liquidated damages and other amounts owing in respect thereof through the date of acceleration
shall become
 at the Holder&rsquo;s election
 immediately due and payable in cash at the Mandatory Default Amount. Commencing
on the Maturity Date and also five (5) days after the occurrence of any Event of Default interest on this Note shall accrue at
an interest rate equal to the lesser of 15% per annum or the maximum rate permitted under applicable law. Upon the payment in
full of the Mandatory Default Amount
 the Holder shall promptly surrender this Note to or as directed by Borrower. In connection
with such acceleration described herein
 the Holder need not provide
 and Borrower hereby waives
 any presentment
 demand
 protest
or other notice of any kind
 and the Holder may immediately and without expiration of any grace period enforce any and all of
its rights and remedies hereunder and all other remedies available to it under applicable law. Such acceleration may be rescinded
and annulled by Holder at any time prior to payment hereunder and the Holder shall have all rights as a holder of the Note until
such time
 if any
 as the Holder receives full payment pursuant to this Section 8(b). No such rescission or annulment shall affect
any subsequent Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon.

Section
.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;This
Note is secured by a security interest granted to the Holder pursuant to a Security Agreement
 as delivered by Borrower to Holder.
The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that should a proceeding under any bankruptcy or insolvency law be commenced by or against
the Borrower or a Subsidiary
 or if any of the Collateral (as defined in the Security Agreement) should become the subject of
any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding
 then the Holder should be entitled to
 among other relief to which the Holder may be
entitled under the Transaction Documents and any other agreement to which the Borrower or a Subsidiary and Holder are parties
(collectively
&rdquo;) and/or applicable law
 an order from the court granting immediate relief from
the automatic stay pursuant to 11 U.S.C. Section 362 to permit the Holder to exercise all of its rights and remedies pursuant
to the Loan Documents and/or applicable law. THE BORROWER EXPRESSLY WAIVES THE BENEFIT OF THE AUTOMATIC STAY IMPOSED BY 11 U.S.C.
SECTION 362. FURTHERMORE
 THE BORROWER EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT NEITHER 11 U.S.C. SECTION 362 NOR ANY OTHER SECTION
OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE OR OTHER STATUTE OR RULE (INCLUDING
 WITHOUT LIMITATION
 11 U.S.C. SECTION 105) SHALL STAY
 INTERDICT
CONDITION
 REDUCE OR INHIBIT IN ANY WAY THE ABILITY OF THE HOLDER TO ENFORCE ANY OF ITS RIGHTS AND REMEDIES UNDER THE LOAN DOCUMENTS
AND/OR APPLICABLE LAW. The Borrower hereby consents to any motion for relief from stay that may be filed by the Holder in any
bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding initiated by or against the Borrower and
 further
 agrees not to file any opposition to any
motion for relief from stay filed by the Holder
 The Borrower represents
 acknowledges and agrees that this provision is a specific
and material aspect of the Loan Documents
 and that the Holder would not agree to the terms of the loan Documents if this waiver
were not a part of this Note. The Borrower further represents
 acknowledges and agrees that is waiver is knowingly
 intelligently
and voluntarily made
 that neither the Holder nor any person acting on behalf of the Holder has made any representations to induce
this waiver
 that the Borrower has been represented (or has had the opportunity to by represented) in the signing of this Note
and the Loan Documents and in the making of this waiver by independent legal counsel selected by the Borrower and that the Borrower
has discussed this waiver with counsel.


    
    


Section
10

a)
. All notices
 demands
 requests
 consents
 approvals
 and
other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and
 unless otherwise specified herein
 shall be (i)
personally served
 (ii) deposited in the mail
 registered or certified
 return receipt requested
 postage prepaid
 (iii) delivered
by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid
 or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery
 telegram
 or facsimile
 addressed
as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or
other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by
facsimile
 with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine
 at the address or number designated below
(if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received)
 or the first business day following
such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or
(b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service
 fully prepaid
 addressed to such address
or upon actual receipt of such mailing
 whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be: (i) if to
Borrower
 to: c/o Attitude Drinks Inc.
 712 US Highway 1
 Suite 200
 North Palm Beach
 FL 33408
 Attn: Roy Warren
 CEO and President
telecopier: (800) 799&ndash;5053
 and (ii) if to the Holder
 to: the address and fax number indicated on the front page of this
Note
 with an additional copy by fax only to (which shall not constitute notice): Grushko &amp; Mittman
 P.C.
 515 Rockaway Avenue
Valley Stream
 New York 11581
 facsimile: (212) 697-3575.

b)
. Except as expressly provided herein
 no provision
of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of Borrower
 which is absolute and unconditional
 to pay the principal of
 liquidated
damages and accrued interest
 as applicable
 on this Note at the time
 place
 and rate
 and in the coin or currency
 herein prescribed.
with all other Notes now or hereafter
issued under the terms set forth herein.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

c)
. If this Note shall be mutilated
 lost
 stolen
or destroyed
 Borrower shall execute and deliver
 in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated Note
or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost
 stolen or destroyed Note
 a new Note for the principal amount of this Note so mutilated
lost
 stolen or destroyed
 but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss
 theft or destruction of such Note
 and of the ownership
hereof
 reasonably satisfactory to Borrower.


    
    


d)
. All questions concerning the construction
 validity
enforcement and interpretation of this Note shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws
of the State of New York
 without regard to the principles of conflict of laws thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings
concerning the interpretation
 enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by any of the Transaction Documents (whether
brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates
 directors
 officers
 shareholders
 employees or agents) shall be
commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York
&rdquo;).
Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Courts for the adjudication of any
dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect
to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents)
 and hereby irrevocably waives
 and agrees not to assert in any suit
action or proceeding
 any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such New York Courts
 or such New York
Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process
and consents to process being served in any such suit
 action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified
mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Note
and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. Each party hereto
hereby irrevocably waives
 to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law
 any and all right to trial by jury in any legal
proceeding arising out of or relating to this Note or the transactions contemplated hereby. If any party shall commence an action
or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Note
 then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed
by the other party for its attorneys&rsquo; fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation
 preparation and prosecution

without limitation to any other remedies of Holder
 may be enforced against Borrower by summary proceeding pursuant to New York
Civil Procedure Law and Rules Section 3213 or any similar rule or statute in the jurisdiction where enforcement is sought. For
purposes of such rule or statute
 any other document or agreement to which Holder and Borrower are parties or which Borrower delivered
to Holder
 which may be convenient or necessary to determine Holder&rsquo;s rights hereunder or Borrower&rsquo;s obligations to
Holder are deemed a part of this Note
 whether or not such other document or agreement was delivered together herewith or was
executed apart from this Note.

e)
. Any waiver by Borrower or the Holder of a breach of any provision
of this Note shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any
other provision of this Note. The failure of Borrower or the Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Note on
one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence
to that term or any other term of this Note on any other occasion. Any waiver by Borrower or the Holder must be in writing.

.
If any provision of this Note is invalid
 illegal or unenforceable
 the balance of this Note shall remain in effect
 and if any
provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance
 it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other Persons and circumstances.

g)
. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest
due hereunder violates the applicable law governing usury
 the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be
lowered to equal the maximum rate of interest permitted under applicable law. Borrower covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully
do so) that it shall not at any time insist upon
 plead
 or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of
any stay
 extension or usury law or other law which would prohibit or forgive Borrower from paying all or any portion of the principal
of or interest on this Note as contemplated herein
 wherever enacted
 now or at any time hereafter in force
 or which may affect
the covenants or the performance of this Note
 and Borrower (to the extent it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all
benefits or advantage of any such law
 and covenants that it will not
 by resort to any such law
 hinder
 delay or impede the
execution of any power herein granted to the Holder
 but will suffer and permit the execution of every such as though no such
law has been enacted.


    
    


h)
. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be
due on a day other than a Business Day
 such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

.
The headings contained herein are for convenience only
 do not constitute a part of this Note and shall not be deemed to limit
or affect any of the provisions hereof.

.
Unless otherwise provided for hereunder
 this Note may not be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived without the
written consent of Borrower and the Holder.

k)
. In the event that the Borrower&rsquo;s signature is delivered
by facsimile transmission
 PDF
 electronic signature or other similar electronic means
 such signature shall create a valid and
binding obligation of the Borrower with the same force and effect as if such signature page were an original thereof.



(Signature
Pages Follow)


    
    


IN WITNESS
WHEREOF
 Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name by an authorized officer as of the __ day of ____________
2015.



    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    








    
    

    
    

    
220
000

    
    

    
80
000



    
    




NOTICE OF
CONVERSION

The
undersigned hereby elects to convert principal under the Convertible Note due December 24
 2014 of Attitude Beer Holding Co.
&rdquo;)
&rdquo;)
of Borrower according to the conditions hereof
 as of the date written below. If shares of Common Stock are to be issued in the
name of a person other than the undersigned
 the undersigned will pay all transfer taxes payable with respect thereto and is delivering
herewith such certificates and opinions as reasonably requested by Borrower in accordance therewith. No fee will be charged to
the holder for any conversion
 except for such transfer taxes
 if any.

By
the delivery of this Notice of Conversion the undersigned represents and warrants to Borrower that its ownership of the Common
Stock does not exceed the amounts specified under Section 4 of this Note
 as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the
Exchange Act.

The
undersigned agrees to comply with the prospectus delivery requirements under the applicable securities laws in connection with
any transfer of the aforesaid shares of Common Stock.




    
Date to
    Effect Conversion: ____________________________

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Number of shares of Common Stock to be issued:
    ______________

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Address for Delivery
    of Common Stock Certificates: __________

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    
    


FORM OF CLASS A COMMON STOCK
PURCHASE WARRANT

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE
SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES
COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED (THE &ldquo;SECURITIES
ACT&rdquo;)
 AND
 ACCORDINGLY
 MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM
 OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO
 THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES
ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH
EFFECT
 THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

FORM OF CLASS
A COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

ATTITUDE
BEER HOLDING CO.



    
Issue Date:&nbsp;&nbsp;January 22
 2015


THIS
&rdquo;) certifies that
 for value received
 
Lettstrasse 32
 9490 Vaduz
&rdquo;)
is entitled
 upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth
 and on or prior
&rdquo;)
but not thereafter
 to subscribe for and purchase from 
&rdquo;)
a number shares equal to the number of share the Holder could acquire upon the complete conversion of the Note issued to it by
the Company on or about the Issue Date (as subject to adjustment hereunder
&rdquo;) of Common
Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price
 as defined in
Section 2(b).

Section
. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise
&rdquo;)
dated December 24
 2014
 among the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto.

Section
2

a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made
 in whole or in part
 at any time or times on or after the Initial
Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office or agency of the Company
as it may designate by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company)
of a duly executed facsimile copy of the Notice of Exercise Form annexed hereto. Within two (2) Trading Days following the date
of exercise as aforesaid
 the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice
of Exercise by wire transfer or cashier&rsquo;s check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified
in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary (although
the Holder may surrender the Warrant to
 and receive a replacement Warrant from
 the Company)
 the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder
and the Warrant has been


    
    


NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE
SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES
COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED (THE &ldquo;SECURITIES
ACT&rdquo;)
 AND
 ACCORDINGLY
 MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM
 OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO
 THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES
ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH
EFFECT
 THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9;

FORM OF CLASS
A COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

ATTITUDE
BEER HOLDING CO.



    
Issue Date:&nbsp;&nbsp;January 22
 2015


THIS COMMON
&rdquo;) certifies that
 for value received
 
Executive Pavilion
 90 Grove Street
&rdquo;)
is entitled
 upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth
 and on or prior
&rdquo;)
but not thereafter
 to subscribe for and purchase from 
&rdquo;)
a number shares equal to the number of share the Holder could acquire upon the complete conversion of the Note issued to it by
the Company on or about the Issue Date (as subject to adjustment hereunder
&rdquo;) of Common
Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price
 as defined in
Section 2(b).

Section
. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise
&rdquo;)
dated December 24
 2014
 among the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto.


    
    


Section
2

a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9;Exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made
 in whole or in part
 at any time or times on or after the Initial
Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office or agency of the Company
as it may designate by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company)
of a duly executed facsimile copy of the Notice of Exercise Form annexed hereto. Within two (2) Trading Days following the date
of exercise as aforesaid
 the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice
of Exercise by wire transfer or cashier&rsquo;s check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified
in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary (although
the Holder may surrender the Warrant to
 and receive a replacement Warrant from
 the Company)
 the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder
and the Warrant has been

Note rest of form of warrant document
is referenced in Exhibit (10)(161) which is the entire form of the warrant document.


    















     







NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE BEEN
REGISTERED WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE OR UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED. THE SECURITIES ARE RESTRICTED AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED
 RESOLD
 PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED
UNDER THE ACT PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION OR SAFE HARBOR THEREFROM.






    
US $25
000.00





 2016


of up to $25
000.00 of ATTITUDE DRINKS INCORPORATED
 a Delaware corporation and located at 712 U.S. Highway 1
 Suite #200
 North
Palm Beach
 Florida 33408 (the &quot;Company&quot;) designated as its Note
 pursuant to the Consulting Agreement entered into by
the Company and the Holder as of July 19
 2012.


the Company promises to pay to SOUTHRIDGE PARTNERS II
 LP
 the registered holder hereof (the &quot;Holder&quot;)
 the principal
sum of twenty five thousand and 00/100 Dollars (US $25
000.00) on June 30
 2016 (the &quot;Maturity Date&quot;). The principal
of this Note is payable at the option of the Holder at any time after the Maturity Date
 in shares of the Company's common stock
$.00001 par value per share (&quot;Common Stock&quot;) as set forth below
 or in United States dollars
 at the address last appearing
on the Note Register of the Company as designated in writing by the Holder. The Company will pay the outstanding principal amount
of this Note in cash on the Maturity Date to the registered holder of this Note. The forwarding of such wire transfer shall constitute
a payment hereunder and shall satisfy and discharge the liability for principal on this Note to the extent of the sum represented
by such check or wire transfer plus any amounts so deducted.




Note is issuable in denominations of Ten Thousand Dollars (US$10
000) and integral multiples thereof
 provided that the
number of shares to be issued upon conversion is a minimum of 3
000 (unless if at the time of election to convert the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion is less than 3
000). The Note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate
principal amount of Note of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service
charge will be made for such registration or transfer or exchange.



    
    


2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Holder of this Note is entitled any time after the Maturity Date

 to convert all
or a portion of the principal amount of this Note into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price for each share of Common
Stock equal to the Current Market Price multiplied by eighty percent (80%) (the &quot;Conversion Price&quot;). &quot;Current
Market Price&quot; means the average of the closing bid prices for the Common Stock as reported by Bloomberg
 LP or
 if not
so reported
 as reported on the over-the-counter market
 for the five (5) trading days ending on the trading day immediately
before the relevant Conversion Date (as defined below). The amount of shares issuable pursuant to a conversion shall equal
the principal amount (or portion thereof) of the Note to be converted
 divided by the Conversion Price.


effectuated by surrendering the Note to the Company
 accompanied by or preceded by facsimile or other delivery to the Company of
the form of conversion notice attached hereto as Exhibit A
 executed by the Holder evidencing such Holder's intention to convert
a specified portion hereof No fractional shares of Common Stock or scrip representing fractions of shares will be issued on conversion
but the number of shares issuable shall be rounded to the nearest whole share. The date on which notice of conversion is given
(the &quot;Conversion Date&quot;) shall be deemed to be the date on which the Holder faxes or otherwise delivers the conversion
notice (&quot;Notice of Conversion&quot;)
 substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A
 duly executed
 to the Company.

Officer.
Date. (&quot;Delivery Date&quot;)


that a delay in the issuance of the Shares of Common Stock beyond the Delivery Date (as defined in this Section) could result in
economic loss to the Holder. As compensation to the Holder for such loss
 the Company agrees to pay late payments to the Holder
for late issuance of Shares upon Conversion
 unless the delay is due to causes beyond the reasonable control of the Company or
the Transfer Agent
 in accordance with the following schedule (where &quot;No. Business Days Late&quot; refers to the number of
business days which is beyond three (3)) business days after the Delivery Date):'



    
    
Late Payment For Each $10
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
$1
000

    
    
$1
000+$200 for each Business Day Late beyond 10 days 



    
    



any payments incurred under this Section in immediately available funds upon demand as the Holder's remedy for such delay. Furthermore
in addition to any other remedies which may be available to the Holder
 in the event that the Company fails for any reason to effect
delivery of such shares of Common Stock by close of business on the Delivery Date
 unless such failure is due to causes beyond
the Company's reasonable control or that of its Transfer Agent
 the Holder will be entitled to revoke the relevant Notice of Conversion
by delivering a notice to such effect to the Company
 whereupon the Company and the Holder shall each be restored to their respective
positions immediately prior to delivery of such Notice of Conversion; provided
 however
 that an amount equal to any payments contemplated
by this Section which have accrued through the date of such revocation notice shall remain due and owing to the Converting Holder
notwithstanding such revocation.


 by the relevant
Delivery Date
 the Company fails
 unless such failure is due to causes beyond the Company's reasonable control or that of its Transfer
Agent
 for any reason to deliver the Shares to be issued upon conversion of the Note and after such Delivery Date
 the Holder of
the Note being converted (a &quot;Converting Holder&quot;) purchases
 in an arm's-length open market transaction or otherwise
shares of Common Stock (the &quot;Covering Shares&quot;) in order to make delivery in satisfaction of a sale of Common Stock by
the Converting Holder (the &quot;Sold Shares&quot;)
 which delivery such Converting Holder anticipated to make using the Shares
to be issued upon such conversion (a &quot;Buy-In&quot;)
 the Converting Holder shall have the right
 to require the Company to
pay to the Converting Holder
 in addition to and not in lieu of the amounts due hereunder (but in addition to all other amounts
contemplated in other provisions of the Transaction Agreements
 and not in lieu of any such other amounts)
 the Buy-In Adjustment
Amount (as defined below). The &quot;Buy-hi Adjustment Amount&quot; is the amount equal to the excess
 if any
 of (x) the Converting
Holder's total purchase price (including brokerage commissions
 if any) for the Covering Shares over (y) the net proceeds (after
brokerage commissions
 if any) received by the Converting Holder from the sale of the Sold Shares. The Company shall pay the Buy-In
Adjustment Amount to the Company in immediately available funds immediately upon demand by the Converting Holder. By way of illustration
and not in limitation of the foregoing
 if the Converting Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price
(including brokerage commissions) of $11
000 to cover a Buy-1n with respect to shares of Common Stock it sold for net proceeds
of $10
000
 the Buy-In Adjustment Amount which Company will be required to pay to the Converting Holder will be $1
000.



    
    


In
 conversion
 provided the Company's Transfer Agent is participating in the Depository
Trust Company (&quot;DTC&quot;) Fast Automated Securities Transfer program
 upon request of the Holder and its compliance with
the provisions contained in this paragraph
 so long as the certificates therefore do not bear a legend and the Holder thereof is
not obligated to return such certificate for the placement of a legend thereon
 the Company shall use its best efforts to cause
its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable upon conversion to the Holder by crediting the account
of Holder's Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system.

The
Holder of the Note shall be entitled to exercise its conversion privilege with respect to the Note notwithstanding the commencement
 (the &quot;Bankruptcy Code&quot;). In
the event the Company is a debtor under the Bankruptcy Code
 the Company hereby waives
 to the fullest extent permitted
 any rights
to relief it may have under 11 U. S .C. &sect;362 in respect of such holder's conversion privilege. The Company hereby waives
to the fullest extent permitted
 any rights to relief it may have under 11 U.S.C. &sect;362 in respect of the conversion of the
Note.


Note has been issued subject to investment representations of the original purchaser hereof and may be transferred or exchanged
only in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &quot;Act&quot;)
 and other applicable state and foreign securities
laws. In the event of any proposed transfer of this Note
 the Company may require
 prior to issuance of a new Note in the name
of such other person
 that it receive reasonable transfer documentation including legal opinions that the issuance of the Note
in such other name does not and will not cause a violation of the Act or any applicable state or foreign securities laws. Prior
to due presentment for transfer of this Note
 the Company and any agent of the Company may treat the person in whose name this
Note is duly registered on the Company's Note Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided
and for all other purposes
 whether or not this Note be overdue
 and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected by
notice to the contrary.


provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company
 which is absolute and unconditional
 to pay the principal
of this Note at the time
 place
 and rate
 and in the coin or currency
 herein prescribed. This Note is a direct obligation of
the Company.


Holder of the Note
 by acceptance hereof
 agrees that this Note is being acquired for investment and that such Holder will not
offer
 sell or otherwise dispose of this Note or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof except under circumstances
which will not result in a violation of the Act or any applicable state Blue Sky or foreign laws or similar laws relating to the
sale of securities.


Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut. Each of the parties consents to
the jurisdiction of the federal or state courts whose districts encompass any part of the State of Connecticut in connection with
any dispute arising under this Note and hereby waives
 to the maximum extent permitted by law
 any objection
 including any objection

 


    
    



Note.






The Company shall default in the payment of principal and interest on this Note and same shall
continue for a period of five (5) days; or


Any of the representations or warranties made by the Company herein
 in any certificate or financial
or other written statements heretofore or hereafter furnished by the Company in connection with the execution and delivery of this
Note shall be false or misleading in any material respect at the time made; or


The Company shall fail to perform or observe
 in any material respect
 any other covenant
 term
provision
 condition
 agreement or obligation of any Note and such failure shall continue uncured for a period of thirty (30) days
after written notice from the Holder of such failure; or


The Company fails to authorize or to cause its Transfer Agent to issue shares of Common Stock upon
exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note
 fails to transfer or to
cause its Transfer Agent to transfer any certificate for shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of this Note
and when required by this Note
 and such transfer is otherwise lawful
 or fails to remove any restrictive legend on any certificate
or fails to cause its Transfer Agent to remove such restricted legend
 in each case where such removal is lawful
 as and when required
by this Note
 the Agreement
 and any such failure shall continue uncured for ten (10) business days; or


The Company shall (1) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they mature;
(2) make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or commence proceedings for its dissolution; or (3) apply for or consent to
the appointment of a trustee
 liquidator or receiver for its or for a substantial part of its property or business; or


A trustee
 liquidator or receiver shall be appointed for the Company or for a substantial part
of its property or business without its consent and shall not be discharged within sixty (60) days after such appointment; or


Any governmental agency or any court of competent jurisdiction at the instance of any governmental

or assets of the Company and shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days thereafter; or


    
    



Any money judgment
 writ or warrant of attachment
 or
similar process in excess of Two Hundred Thousand ($200
000) Dollars in the aggregate shall be entered or filed against the Company
or any of its properties or other assets and shall remain unpaid
 unvacated
 unbonded or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days




 reorganization
 insolvency
or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall
be instituted by or against the Company and
 if instituted against the Company
 shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days after
such institution or the Company shall by any action or answer approve of; consent to
 or acquiesce in any such proceedings or admit
the material allegations of
 or default in answering a petition filed in any such proceeding; or


Stock suspended or delisted from an exchange or over-the-counter market from trading for in excess of five trading days.


 or at any time
thereafter
 and in each and every such case
 unless such Event of Default shall have been waived in writing by the Holder (which
waiver shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent default) at the option of the Holder and in the Holders sole discretion
the Holder may consider all obligations under this Note immediately due and payable within five (5) days of notice
 without presentment
demand
 protest or notice of any kinds
 all of which are hereby expressly waived
 anything herein or in any note or other instruments
contained to the contrary notwithstanding
 and the Holder may immediately enforce any and all of the Holders rights and remedies
provided herein or any other rights or remedies afforded by law.


Holder may not convert this Note to the extent such conversion would result in the Holder
 together with any affiliate
thereof
 beneficially owning (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated
thereunder) in excess of 9.999% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock held by such Holder after
application of this Section. Since the Holder will not be obligated to report to the Company the number of shares of Common
Stock it may hold at the time of a conversion hereunder
 unless the conversion at issue would result in the issuance of
shares of Common Stock in excess of 9.999% of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock without regard to any other shares
which may be beneficially owned by the Holder or an affiliate thereof; the Holder shall have the authority and obligation to
determine whether the restriction contained in this Section will limit any particular conversion hereunder and to the extent
that the Holder determines that the limitation contained in this Section applies
 the determination of which portion of the
principal amount of Note are convertible shall be the responsibility and obligation of the Holder. If the Holder has
delivered a Conversion Notice for a principal amount of Note that would result in the issuance of in excess of the permitted
amount hereunder
 without regard to any other shares that the Holder or its affiliates may beneficially own
 the Company
shall notify the Holder of this fact and shall honor the conversion for the maximum principal amount permitted to be
converted on such Conversion Date and
 at the option of the Holder
 either retain any principal amount tendered for
conversion in excess of the permitted amount hereunder for future conversions or return such excess principal amount to the
Holder. The provisions of this Section may be waived by a Holder (but only as to itself and not to any other Holder) upon not
less than 65 days prior notice to the Company. Other Holders shall be unaffected by any such waiver.


    
    



contained in this Note shall be construed as conferring upon the Holder the right to vote or to receive dividends or to consent
or receive notice as a shareholder in respect of any meeting of shareholders or any rights whatsoever as a shareholder of the
Company
 unless and to the extent converted in accordance with the terms hereof.


S WHEREOF
 the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized.


 2015



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    














     











 Roy G. Warren
 certify that:


on Form 10-K of Attitude Drinks Incorporated.


 this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report;


 the financial
statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
for the registrant and have:


Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated
subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;


Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and


Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting; and


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&rsquo;s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize
and report financial information; and


Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Dated: February 13
 2015
    



    














     











 Tommy E. Kee
 certify that:


on Form 10-K of Attitude Drinks Incorporated.


 this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report;


 the financial
statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
for the registrant and have:


Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated
subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;


Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and


Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting; and


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&rsquo;s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize
and report financial information; and


Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Dated: February 13
 2015
    



    














     










2002


Drinks Incorporated (the &quot;Company&quot;) on Form 10-K for the period ending March 31
 2014 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &quot;Report&quot;)
 I
 Roy G. Warren
 President and Chief Executive Officer of the
Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:


of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

February
13
 2015






2002


Drinks Incorporated (the &quot;Company&quot;) on Form 10-K for the period ending March 31
 201 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &quot;Report&quot;)
 I
 Tommy E. Kee
 Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting
Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 that:


of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

February 13
 2015


    





















      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      





      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      



    


    


    




        


        




    


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2014
 we issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;25
000&lt;/font&gt; for their April

 2014
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 15
912
500&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;6

 2014
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 8
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;3

 2014
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 12
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4

 2014
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 9
067
500&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of accrued interest payable for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;3

 2014
 we issued a promissory note for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;12
000&lt;/font&gt; with no interest with a maturity date of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;March 31

 2014
 we issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;25
000&lt;/font&gt; for their May

 2014
 we entered into an allonge number 17 to a secured note issued February 21
 2013 in the amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;27
500&lt;/font&gt; less a finder&amp;#8217;s fee of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2
500&lt;/font&gt; for net proceeds received in the amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;25

 2014
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 10
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5

 2014
 we issued another &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 10
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5

 2014
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 22
441
780&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;6

 2014
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 11
312
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of accrued interest payable for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5

 2014
 we issued to a new accredited investor a convertible note payable in the amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;35


 2014
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 9
600
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4

 2014
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 26
628
740&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;13

 2014
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 12
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;6

 2014
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 12
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;6

 2014
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 12
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of accrued interest payable for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4

 2014
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 14
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5

 2014
 we issued another &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 14
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5

 2014
 we issued another &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 14
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5

 2014
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 26
644
475&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;11

 2014
 we issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;25
000&lt;/font&gt; for their June

 2014
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 15
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;6

 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 14
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5

 2014
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 15
800
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of accrued interest payable for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;6

 2014
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 14
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5

 2014
 we issued promissory notes with no interest rate with a maturity date of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;February 28
 2015&lt;/font&gt; to 4 accredited investors for a total of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;40
000&lt;/font&gt; ($&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;10

 2014
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 18
136
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of accrued interest payable for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;9

 2014
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 20
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;10

 2014
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 26
642
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;13

 2014
 we issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;25
000&lt;/font&gt; for their July

 2014
 we entered into an allonge number 18 to a secured note issued February 21
 2013 in the amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;25

 2014
 we issued a promissory note payable to an accredited investor in the amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;15
000&lt;/font&gt; with no interest rate and with a maturity date of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;May 31

 2014
 we issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;25
000&lt;/font&gt; for their August

 2014
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 26
655
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5

 2014
 we issued a promissory note payable to an accredited investor in the amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt; with no interest rate and with a maturity date of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;May 31

 2014
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 56
546
850&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February
 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;11

 2014
 we issued a promissory note payable to an accredited investor in the amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt; with no interest rate and with a maturity date of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;August 31

 2014
 we issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;25
000&lt;/font&gt; for their September

 2014

 2014
 we issued a promissory note payable to an accredited investor in the amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;15
000&lt;/font&gt; with no interest rate with a maturity date of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;August 31

 2014 we issued a second promissory note payable to an accredited investor in the amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;15
000&lt;/font&gt; with no interest rate with a maturity date of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;August 31

 2014
 we issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;25
000&lt;/font&gt; for their October

 2014
 we issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;25
000&lt;/font&gt; for their November

 we issued a promissory note payable to an accredited investor in the amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;25

 2014
 we issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;25
000&lt;/font&gt; for their December

 2014
 we issued a convertible note to one of our debt holders for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;20


 2014
 we issued a promissory note to one of our debt holders for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;31
500&lt;/font&gt; with no interest rate and a maturity date of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;December 19

 2014&lt;/font&gt;
 we formed a new subsidiary which is called Attitude Beer Holding Co. On the same date
 Attitude Drinks Incorporated and Attitude Beer Holding Co. entered into a joint venture with New England WOB
 LLC to develop franchises for World of Beer Franchising in all of Connecticut and the greater Boston area. We paid $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;300
000&lt;/font&gt; as part of the total $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;1
200
000&lt;/font&gt; for a new franchise in West Hartford
 Connecticut with $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;300
000&lt;/font&gt; to paid each month starting in January
 2015 until the remaining $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;900
000&lt;/font&gt; amount is paid.
 We paid the first $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;300

 2015
 we issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;25
000&lt;/font&gt; for their January

 2015
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 62
500
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the December 1
 2012 convertible note payable for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;25

 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;we issued three convertible notes for a total of $58


 2015
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;our subsidiary
 Attitude Beer Holding Co.
 issued two convertible notes to two accredited investors&lt;/font&gt; for a total of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;300
000&lt;/font&gt; which the received funds were used to pay the second installment payments for the investment in the World of Beer franchise in West Hartford
 Connecticut. &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;In addition

 2015
 we issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;25
000&lt;/font&gt; for their February

  
  

 a Delaware corporation
 and subsidiary (&amp;#8220;the Company&amp;#8221;) is engaged in the development and sale of functional beverages


 2013 the increase in our authorized shares of common stock from five billion &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; (5
000
000
000)&lt;/font&gt; to twenty billion &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; (20
000
000
000)&lt;/font&gt;. As such
 we are reflecting the twenty billion number in our financial statements for the year ended March 31

 2013. We have restated all applicable financial information for both years ended March 31

  
  
  
  

 the Company has incurred accumulated operating losses of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;31
753
844&lt;/font&gt; and negative cash flows from operations and has a significant working capital deficiency in the amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;12
266
740&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;at March&amp;#160;31

 the Company plans to file a registration statement to provide working capital as needed to increase operations and sales efficiencies through the need to implement sales and marketing programs to increase awareness of the Company&amp;#8217;s products as well as to pay for slotting fees for certain retail channels of revenues. The Company plans to increase its sales
 primarily by significantly increasing its sales force and partnering with new distributors
 as well as offering new products in the next twelve months.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company&amp;#8217;s margins are expected to improve as a result of increased sales
 expected economies of scale due to anticipated lower product costs based on increased volumes per production run and lower transportation costs from the expected shipment of full truck loads.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;However
 the Company expects to reduce its dependency on third party financing during the next twelve months.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;There is no assurance that further funding will be available at acceptable terms
 if at all
 or that the Company will be able to achieve profitability.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Ultimately

  
  

 Attitude Drink Company

 including the use of outside consultants. However

 its next two products will enter into the functional milk category. Presently
 there is no international business

 which consist of finished goods and raw materials
 are stated at the lower of cost on the first in
 first-out method or market.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Further
 the Company&amp;#8217;s inventories are perishable.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company estimates for each fiscal quarter any unsalable inventory reserves based upon a specific identification basis.&amp;#160;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;The components of inventories as of March 31
 2014 and March 31

&amp;#160;2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2013&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=40%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=40%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Finished goods (a)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;30
090&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;101
721&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=40%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 26px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=40%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total inventories&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;30
090&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;101

107&lt;/font&gt; for March 31

 three years for computer equipment and three years for purchased software. Maintenance
 repairs and minor renewals are charged directly to expenses as incurred. Additions and betterments to property and equipment are capitalized.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;When assets are disposed of
 the related cost and accumulated depreciation thereon are removed from the accounts

&amp;#160;2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2013&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=40%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=40%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Trademark costs&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;32
151&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;31
696&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=40%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Less accumulated amortization&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(27
317)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(26
910)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 26px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=40%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total Trademarks - Net&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4
834&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4

620&lt;/font&gt; for the years ended March 31
 2014 and March 31
 2013
 respectively. We recorded an additional $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;18
723&lt;/font&gt; in trademark amortization expense in the total $20
620 expense for the impairment of unamortized trademarks that are currently not used for the year ended March 31

 furniture and equipment. We evaluate the carrying value and recoverability of our long-lived assets when circumstances warrant such evaluation by applying the provisions of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification which requires that long-lived assets be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable through the estimated undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets. Whenever any such impairment exists

 as defined in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 consist of cash
 evidence of ownership in an entity and contracts that both (i) impose on one entity a contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial instrument to a second entity
 or to exchange other financial instruments on potentially unfavorable terms with the second entity
 and (ii) conveys to that second entity a contractual right (a) to receive cash or another financial instrument from the first entity
 or (b) to exchange other financial instruments on potentially favorable terms with the first entity. Accordingly
 our financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 notes payable
 derivative financial instruments

 as defined in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 consist of financial instruments or other contracts that contain a notional amount and one or more underlying (e.g. interest rate
 security price or other variable)
 require no initial net investment and permit net settlement. Derivative financial instruments may be free-standing or embedded in other financial instruments. Further
 prior to February 21
 2013
 derivative financial instruments were measured at fair value and recorded as liabilities or
 in rare instances
 assets. Fair value represents the price at which the property would change hands between a hypothetical willing and able buyer and a hypothetical willing and able seller acting at arm&amp;#8217;s length in an open and unrestricted market

 market or foreign-currency risks. However
 we have entered into certain other financial instruments and contracts
 such as debt financing arrangements
 redeemable preferred stock arrangements and freestanding warrants with features that are either (i) not afforded equity classification
 (ii) embody risks not clearly and closely related to host contracts
 or (iii) may be net-cash settled by the counterparty. As required by the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 these instruments
 prior to February 21
 2013
 were required to be carried as derivative liabilities
 at fair value
 in our financial statements as we were allowed to elect fair value measurement of the hybrid financial instruments
 on a case-by-case basis
 rather than bifurcate the derivative. We believed that fair value measurement of the various hybrid convertible promissory notes financing arrangements prior to February 21

 accounts receivable


 quoted prices from active market exchanges
 including over the counter traded financial instruments. The prices for the financial instruments are determined using prices for recently traded financial instruments with similar underlying terms as well as directly or indirectly observable inputs

 if any

 2013

 inventory

 delivery has occurred or services have been rendered
 the sales price is determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Revenues are recognized pursuant to formal revenue arrangements with the Company&amp;#8217;s customers
 at contracted prices
 when the Company&amp;#8217;s product is delivered to their premises
 and collectability is reasonably assured. The Company extends merchantability warranties to its customers on its products but otherwise does not afford its customers with rights of return. Warranty costs have been insignificant to date. In determining revenue recognition for products shipped to this customer
 the Company follows the guidance in ASC 605
 &amp;#8220;Revenue Recognition&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASC 605&amp;#8221;). For any products which are shipped are under a &amp;#8220;pay on scan&amp;#8221; model (none for 2014 and 2013)

625&lt;/font&gt; for the years ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 which are recorded as reductions to the reported revenues. The Company also engages in other promotional discount programs in order to enhance its sales activities. The Company believes its participation in these arrangements is essential to ensuring continued volume and revenue growth in the competitive marketplace. These payments
 discounts and allowances are recorded as reductions to the Company&amp;#8217;s reported revenue and were $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;8
002&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;53
046&lt;/font&gt; for the year ended March 31
 2014 and March 31
 2013

267&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;38
164&lt;/font&gt; for the year ended March 31
 2014 and March 31
 2013

 deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of the assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect
 when the differences are expected to reverse.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;An allowance against deferred tax assets is recognized
 when it is more likely than not

 2014 and 2013

 using the treasury stock method
 and assumes that the convertible debt instruments were converted into common stock upon issuance
 if dilutive. For the year ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 potential common shares arising from the our stock warrants
 stock options
 convertible preferred stock and convertible debt and accrued interest payable amounted to &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 5
725
704
499&lt;/font&gt; shares for 2014 and &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 814

 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) that provides amendments for disclosures about offsetting assets and liabilities.&amp;#160; The amendments require an entity to disclose information about offsetting and related arrangements to enable users of its financial statements to understand the effect of those arrangements on its financial position. Entities are required to disclose both gross information and net information about both instruments and transactions eligible for offset in the statement of financial position and instruments and transactions subject to an agreement similar to a master netting arrangement. This scope would include derivatives
 sale and repurchase agreements and reverse sale and repurchase agreements
 securities borrowing and securities lending arrangements.&amp;#160; The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1
 2013
 and interim periods within those annual periods. Disclosures required by the amendments should be provided retrospectively for all comparative periods presented. For the Company

 2012
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an ASU that contained amendments that affect a wide variety of topics in the Codification and represent changes to clarify the Codifications
 correct unintended application of guidance or make minor improvements to the Codification that are not expected to have a significant effect on current accounting practice or create a significant administrative cost to most entities. These amendments will be effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15

 2013
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an ASU that contained amendments to apply to derivatives accounted for in accordance with Topic 815
 Derivative and Hedging
 including bifurcated embedded derivatives
 repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowing and securities lending transactions that are either offset or subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement. These amendments should be applied for fiscal years beginning on or after January 1

 2013
 the Financial Accounting Standard Board issued an ASU that contained amendments that provide guidance for the recognition
 measurement and disclosure of obligations resulting from joint and several liability arrangements for which the total amount of the obligations is fixed at the reporting date. Examples of obligations within the scope of this ASU include debt arrangements
 other contractual obligations and settled litigation and judicial rulings. These amendments will be effective for fiscal periods and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15

 2014 and 2013 were $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;17
732&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;7
135&lt;/font&gt;


093&lt;/font&gt;. There were no outstanding receivables from this entity at March 31

  
  
  

 Attitude Drink Company


 including the use of outside consultants. However


 its next two products will enter into the functional milk category. Presently
 there is no international business

  

 which consist of finished goods and raw materials
 are stated at the lower of cost on the first in
 first-out method or market.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Further
 the Company&amp;#8217;s inventories are perishable.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company estimates for each fiscal quarter any unsalable inventory reserves based upon a specific identification basis.&amp;#160;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;The components of inventories as of March 31
 2014 and March 31

&amp;#160;2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2013&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=40%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=40%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Finished goods (a)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;30
090&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;101
721&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=40%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 26px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=40%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total inventories&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;30
090&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;101

107&lt;/font&gt; for March 31


 three years for computer equipment and three years for purchased software. Maintenance
 repairs and minor renewals are charged directly to expenses as incurred. Additions and betterments to property and equipment are capitalized.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;When assets are disposed of
 the related cost and accumulated depreciation thereon are removed from the accounts


&amp;#160;2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2013&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=40%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=40%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Trademark costs&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;32
151&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;31
696&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=40%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Less accumulated amortization&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(27
317)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(26
910)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 26px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=40%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total Trademarks - Net&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4
834&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4

620&lt;/font&gt; for the years ended March 31
 2014 and March 31
 2013
 respectively. We recorded an additional $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;18
723&lt;/font&gt; in trademark amortization expense in the total $20
620 expense for the impairment of unamortized trademarks that are currently not used for the year ended March 31


 furniture and equipment. We evaluate the carrying value and recoverability of our long-lived assets when circumstances warrant such evaluation by applying the provisions of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification which requires that long-lived assets be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable through the estimated undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets. Whenever any such impairment exists


 as defined in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 consist of cash
 evidence of ownership in an entity and contracts that both (i) impose on one entity a contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial instrument to a second entity
 or to exchange other financial instruments on potentially unfavorable terms with the second entity
 and (ii) conveys to that second entity a contractual right (a) to receive cash or another financial instrument from the first entity
 or (b) to exchange other financial instruments on potentially favorable terms with the first entity. Accordingly
 our financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 notes payable
 derivative financial instruments

 as defined in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 consist of financial instruments or other contracts that contain a notional amount and one or more underlying (e.g. interest rate
 security price or other variable)
 require no initial net investment and permit net settlement. Derivative financial instruments may be free-standing or embedded in other financial instruments. Further
 prior to February 21
 2013
 derivative financial instruments were measured at fair value and recorded as liabilities or
 in rare instances
 assets. Fair value represents the price at which the property would change hands between a hypothetical willing and able buyer and a hypothetical willing and able seller acting at arm&amp;#8217;s length in an open and unrestricted market

 market or foreign-currency risks. However
 we have entered into certain other financial instruments and contracts
 such as debt financing arrangements
 redeemable preferred stock arrangements and freestanding warrants with features that are either (i) not afforded equity classification
 (ii) embody risks not clearly and closely related to host contracts
 or (iii) may be net-cash settled by the counterparty. As required by the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 these instruments
 prior to February 21
 2013
 were required to be carried as derivative liabilities
 at fair value
 in our financial statements as we were allowed to elect fair value measurement of the hybrid financial instruments
 on a case-by-case basis
 rather than bifurcate the derivative. We believed that fair value measurement of the various hybrid convertible promissory notes financing arrangements prior to February 21

 accounts receivable


 quoted prices from active market exchanges
 including over the counter traded financial instruments. The prices for the financial instruments are determined using prices for recently traded financial instruments with similar underlying terms as well as directly or indirectly observable inputs

 if any

 2013

 inventory


 delivery has occurred or services have been rendered
 the sales price is determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Revenues are recognized pursuant to formal revenue arrangements with the Company&amp;#8217;s customers
 at contracted prices
 when the Company&amp;#8217;s product is delivered to their premises
 and collectability is reasonably assured. The Company extends merchantability warranties to its customers on its products but otherwise does not afford its customers with rights of return. Warranty costs have been insignificant to date. In determining revenue recognition for products shipped to this customer
 the Company follows the guidance in ASC 605
 &amp;#8220;Revenue Recognition&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASC 605&amp;#8221;). For any products which are shipped are under a &amp;#8220;pay on scan&amp;#8221; model (none for 2014 and 2013)

625&lt;/font&gt; for the years ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 which are recorded as reductions to the reported revenues. The Company also engages in other promotional discount programs in order to enhance its sales activities. The Company believes its participation in these arrangements is essential to ensuring continued volume and revenue growth in the competitive marketplace. These payments
 discounts and allowances are recorded as reductions to the Company&amp;#8217;s reported revenue and were $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;8
002&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;53
046&lt;/font&gt; for the year ended March 31
 2014 and March 31
 2013


 deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of the assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect
 when the differences are expected to reverse.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;An allowance against deferred tax assets is recognized
 when it is more likely than not

 2014 and 2013


 using the treasury stock method
 and assumes that the convertible debt instruments were converted into common stock upon issuance
 if dilutive. For the year ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 potential common shares arising from the our stock warrants
 stock options
 convertible preferred stock and convertible debt and accrued interest payable amounted to &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 5
725
704
499&lt;/font&gt; shares for 2014 and &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 814


 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) that provides amendments for disclosures about offsetting assets and liabilities.&amp;#160; The amendments require an entity to disclose information about offsetting and related arrangements to enable users of its financial statements to understand the effect of those arrangements on its financial position. Entities are required to disclose both gross information and net information about both instruments and transactions eligible for offset in the statement of financial position and instruments and transactions subject to an agreement similar to a master netting arrangement. This scope would include derivatives
 sale and repurchase agreements and reverse sale and repurchase agreements
 securities borrowing and securities lending arrangements.&amp;#160; The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1
 2013
 and interim periods within those annual periods. Disclosures required by the amendments should be provided retrospectively for all comparative periods presented. For the Company

 2012
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an ASU that contained amendments that affect a wide variety of topics in the Codification and represent changes to clarify the Codifications
 correct unintended application of guidance or make minor improvements to the Codification that are not expected to have a significant effect on current accounting practice or create a significant administrative cost to most entities. These amendments will be effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15

 2013
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an ASU that contained amendments to apply to derivatives accounted for in accordance with Topic 815
 Derivative and Hedging
 including bifurcated embedded derivatives
 repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowing and securities lending transactions that are either offset or subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement. These amendments should be applied for fiscal years beginning on or after January 1

 2013
 the Financial Accounting Standard Board issued an ASU that contained amendments that provide guidance for the recognition
 measurement and disclosure of obligations resulting from joint and several liability arrangements for which the total amount of the obligations is fixed at the reporting date. Examples of obligations within the scope of this ASU include debt arrangements
 other contractual obligations and settled litigation and judicial rulings. These amendments will be effective for fiscal periods and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15


 2014 and 2013 were $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;17
732&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;7
135&lt;/font&gt;



093&lt;/font&gt;. There were no outstanding receivables from this entity at March 31


267&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;38
164&lt;/font&gt; for the year ended March 31
 2014 and March 31
 2013


 2014 and March 31

&amp;#160;2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2013&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=40%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=40%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Finished goods (a)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;30
090&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;101
721&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=40%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 26px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=40%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total inventories&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;30
090&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;101

107&lt;/font&gt; for March 31


&amp;#160;2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2013&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=40%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=40%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Trademark costs&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;32
151&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;31
696&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=40%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Less accumulated amortization&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(27
317)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(26
910)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 26px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=40%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total Trademarks - Net&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4
834&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

333&lt;/font&gt; square feet at our new office in North Palm Beach
 Florida on January 3
 2013 with a lease term of three years with two years as renewable terms. Starting February 1
 2013
 the minimum starting monthly base rent without sales tax was $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;1
602&lt;/font&gt; plus monthly operating expense for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2
670&lt;/font&gt; for a monthly total of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4

 based on the current adjusted minimum monthly amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4
320&lt;/font&gt; and excluding variable common area maintenance charges
 as of March 31
 2014

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Amount&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=47%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=47%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;51
940&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=47%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;52
540&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=47%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;53
146&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=47%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;44
730&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=47%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=47%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;202

 which also includes maintenance and parking fees
 for the period ended March&amp;#160;31
 2014 was $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;55

 2008
 we signed a manufacturing agreement with O-AT-KA Milk Products Cooperative
 Inc. for the production of future new products that are in the development stage.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The manufacturer shall manufacture
 package and ship such products.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;All products shall be purchased F.O.B.

 2009
 F&amp;amp;M Merchant Group
 LLC commenced a lawsuit in the state of Texas&lt;/font&gt; to recover the balance owed by us under a Sales Agent Agreement entered by the parties on November 1
 2008.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;This agreement requires us to pay $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5
000&lt;/font&gt; per month and a &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;% commission on all net sales. On September 3
 2009
 a final judgment by default was approved by the district court in Denton County
 Texas for a total sum of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;22
348&lt;/font&gt;. This claim has been recorded on the Company&amp;#8217;s records.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Due to the lack of adequate capital financing

 2009
 Tuttle Motor Sports
 Inc. commenced a lawsuit in the state of Florida&lt;/font&gt; to recover the balance owed by us under a Letter of Agreement to sponsor a Top Fuel Dragster for the 2008 NHRA racing season in the amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;803
750&lt;/font&gt;. Out of this total amount
 only $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;300
000&lt;/font&gt; is required to be paid in cash with the remainder to be paid in shares of common stock. This amount had already been recorded in our records.&amp;#160; &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;During May
 2010
 Tuttle Motor Sports
 Inc. dismissed the lawsuit without prejudice. Prior to that time

 2009
 CH Fulfillment Services
 LLC commenced a lawsuit in the state of Alabama&lt;/font&gt; to recover past due amounts owed by us under a contract to provide shipping and fulfillment services. The claim is for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2

095&lt;/font&gt;. A process of garnishment by the district court in Mobile County
 Alabama was approved on September 25
 2009 for the total amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;3
095&lt;/font&gt;. On October 26
 2009


 2013
 James N. Fuller
 Jr. commenced a lawsuit in the state of Florida&lt;/font&gt; to recover past due amounts owed by us for rendered independent sales contracting services. The claim was for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;18
300&lt;/font&gt; plus filing fee of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;460&lt;/font&gt;. The $18
300 was already recorded on our records. &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; Due to the lack of adequate capital financing

 2013
 Beanpot Broadcastng Corp.
 d/b/a WXRV-FM. commenced a lawsuit in the state of Massachusetts&lt;/font&gt; to recover past due amounts owed by us for rendered independent sales contracting services. The claim was for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;15
500&lt;/font&gt; for past due services
 $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4
169&lt;/font&gt; in service charges

232&lt;/font&gt;. The total $20
232 amount was already recorded on our records. On November 15
 2013
 the Trial Court of Massachusetts entered a judgment for the plaintiff (&amp;#8220;Beanpot&amp;#8221;) for the total $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;20
232&lt;/font&gt;. &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Due to the lack of adequate capital financing

 2013
 we received an order of the court from The Trial Court of Massachusetts
 Small Claims Session&lt;/font&gt;
 to attend a hearing to be scheduled on December 12
 2013 about a small claims amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5
000&lt;/font&gt; from Marshfield Broadcasting Company
 Inc. to recover past due amounts. A total of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5
500&lt;/font&gt; was already recorded on our records. On December 31
 2013
 judgment in the total amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5

 2014
 Philip Terrano commenced a lawsuit in the state of Florida&lt;/font&gt; to recover past due amounts owed by us for past compensation in the amount of approximately $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;17
000&lt;/font&gt;. We disagree with this amount as our records reflect a total amount owed of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;6
974&lt;/font&gt;. On May 28
 2014
 we entered into a settlement agreement with Terrano to pay him a total of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;11
000&lt;/font&gt;


 2014
 North Palm Beach Broadcasting Company d/b/a/ WSVU-AM Radio filed a lawsuit in the state of Florida&lt;/font&gt; to recover past due services owed by us in the amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;22
000&lt;/font&gt; that is due with interest. We do not agree with that amount as we did make various payments in 2013 that totaled $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;8000&lt;/font&gt;. We are working with that party to arrive at a mutual agreeable outstanding amount if any. We do not have any other outstanding balance that is recorded on our records. On August 6
 2014
 we received a Default Final Judgment from Palm Beach County Circuit Court in Florida for a total amount of $23

 2014
 Innerworkings
 Inc. filed a lawsuit in the state of Florida&lt;/font&gt; to recover past due services owed by us in the amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5

 2014
 C.A. Courtesy Demos
 Inc. commenced a lawsuit in the state of Florida&lt;/font&gt; to recover past due amounts owed by us for rendered services. The claim was for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5
803&lt;/font&gt;. We do not agree with this amount and have not recorded this amount on our records as services were supposed to be rendered
 but a hurricane in the northeastern section of the United States occurred at that given time. We expect to resolve this matter as soon as practical.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt align=justify&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; On November 20
 2014
 Pavilion Law Center
 LLC filed a motion in the circuit court of Palm Beach County


 based on the current adjusted minimum monthly amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4
320&lt;/font&gt; and excluding variable common area maintenance charges
 as of March 31
 2014

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Amount&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=47%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=47%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;51
940&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=47%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;52
540&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=47%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;53
146&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=47%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;44
730&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=47%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=47%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;202

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2014


 2009
 F&amp;M Merchant Group


 2009
 Tuttle Motor Sports


 2014


 2014
 Innerworkings


 2009
 CH Fulfillment Services


 2013
 James N. Fuller


 2013
 Beanpot Broadcastng Corp.


 2014
 C.A. Courtesy Demos


 2013
 we received an order of the court from The Trial Court of Massachusetts

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


580&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;19
669&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=30%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Furniture and fixtures&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;12
837&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;12
837&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=30%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Vehicle&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;24
382&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;24
382&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=30%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Purchased software&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;827&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;827&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=30%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;61
626&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;57
715&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=30%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(36
135)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(28
857)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 26px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=30%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total Fixed Assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;25
491&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;28

278&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;6
498&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;for the year ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. During the year ended March 31
 2013
 we moved our office to another location and wrote off the leasehold improvement of the old office location for gross assets of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;3
954&lt;/font&gt; less accumulated depreciation of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;3



580&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;19
669&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=30%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Furniture and fixtures&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;12
837&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;12
837&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=30%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Vehicle&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;24
382&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;24
382&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=30%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Purchased software&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;827&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;827&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=30%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;61
626&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;57
715&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=30%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(36
135)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(28
857)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 26px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=30%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total Fixed Assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;25
491&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;28



  



 2010
 Tuttle Motor Sports
 Inc. dismissed the lawsuit without prejudice. Prior to that time

  




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


261
045&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2
770
580&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=33%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Accrued marketing program costs&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;580
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;580
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=33%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Accrued professional fees&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;98
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;74
950&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=33%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Accrued interest&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
456
904&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
221
671&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=33%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Accrued board of directors' fees&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;206
792&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;170
792&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=33%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Other expenses&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;130
567&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;190
578&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=33%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 26px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=33%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total Accrued Liabilities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
733
308&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
008



261
045&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2
770
580&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=33%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Accrued marketing program costs&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;580
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;580
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=33%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Accrued professional fees&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;98
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;74
950&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=33%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Accrued interest&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
456
904&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
221
671&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=33%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Accrued board of directors' fees&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;206
792&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;170
792&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=33%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Other expenses&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;130
567&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;190
578&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=33%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 26px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=33%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total Accrued Liabilities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
733
308&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
008

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;March&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2013&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;6
207
271&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Convertible Note Financing due February 21
 2015 (a)
 (1)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
554
182&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
310
290&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;400
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Convertible Note Financing due December 31
 2014 (b)
 (2)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;400
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;100
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;37
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Convertible Note Financing due June 7
 2014 (c)
 (3)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;37
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Less discount on convertible notes (4)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(3
511
738)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(4
679
689)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;6
644
271&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total convertible notes payable&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2
479
444&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;730

 2013 were surrendered to the Company through a February 21
 2013 exchange agreement whereas the Company issued new face value consolidated notes per debt holder for a total amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5
020
944&lt;/font&gt;
 $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;350
000&lt;/font&gt; face value in new notes for the surrender of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 425
003&lt;/font&gt; (after reverse stock split) Class A warrants plus $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;121
327&lt;/font&gt; in a new note for work rendered for this consolidated financing for a grand total of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5
492

000&lt;/font&gt; face value for December
 2012 through March 31
 2014 (total of $400

000&lt;/font&gt; face value issued June 7

 we needed to use a different valuation model for applicable valuations
 derivatives and fair market value. In order to determine the fair market value
 we analyzed the various securities agreements and exchange agreements
 compared the Company to comparable companies to determine industry factors for volatility
 growth and future financing
 developed a lattice model that valued the convertible notes on a probability weighted scenario model as well as future projections of the various potential outcomes and valued the convertible notes at issuance and at the end of the reporting period to account for the derivative liability. Based on our analysis in determining the proper accounting treatment and valuation as set forth in the Statement of Financial Accounting Standard ASC 820-10-35-37 (Fair Value in Financial Instruments)
 Statement of Financial Accounting Standard ASC 815 (Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities)
 Emerging Issues Task (&amp;#8220;EITF&amp;#8221;) For Issue No. 00-10 and EITF 07-05
 the embedded derivatives are bundled and valued as a single
 compound embedded derivative
 bifurcated from the debt host and treated as a liability. The single compound embedded derivative features valued include the variable conversion feature


&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;$ Amount&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=33%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
891
182&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=33%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;100
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=33%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=33%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=33%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=33%&gt; &lt;div&gt;thereafter&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=33%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=33%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
991


 2013
 all previous convertible notes payable with outstanding balances totaling $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5
020
944&lt;/font&gt; were surrendered by the debt holders to the Company through exchange agreements whereas the Company issued one consolidated note to each debt holder for the total outstanding convertible note amounts. In addition and on the same date
 all outstanding Class A warrants associated with these convertible note payables totaling 425
003 Class A warrants were surrendered by the debt holders to the Company in which the Company issued additional convertible notes payable for the total amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;350
000&lt;/font&gt;. All applicable 364 Class B warrants were cancelled as well. Both the surrendered convertible notes payable for $5
020
944 and warrants for $350
000 were combined into one new convertible note payable per debt holder for a grand total of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5
370
944&lt;/font&gt;. All of these consolidated notes contain the same terms
 maturity dates and conversion criteria and replace all terms
 conditions and conversion criteria contained in the surrendered notes. These notes have a maturity date of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;February 21

000&lt;/font&gt; of principal and interest or (ii) the balance due on the note. In addition
 another new convertible note was issued for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;121
327&lt;/font&gt; to one of the accredited debt holders for their efforts in assisting the Company with these consolidated notes
 warrants and modifications. The amount was determined at &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;% of the then outstanding balance of all the convertible notes payable held by the debt holder. This note is identical to the above notes for the terms
 conversion criteria and maturity date. No accrued interest payable amounts were added to these new notes. A total of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;652
606&lt;/font&gt; in principal and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;153
881&lt;/font&gt; in accrued interest were converted into shares of common stock from February 21
 2013 through March 31
 2014. &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;In addition
 nine allonges (allonge #8 for $71
500 dated April 11
 2013
 allonge #9 for $88
000 dated June 5
 2013
 allonge #10 for $88
000 dated June 21
 2013
 allonge #11 for $82
500 dated July 23
 2013
 allonge #12 for $110
000 dated August 8
 2013
 allonge #13 for $110
000 dated September 18
 2013
 allonge #14 for $55
000 dated October 28
 2013
 allonge #15 for $55
000 dated November 15
 2013 and allonge #16 for $55
000 dated February 11

000&lt;/font&gt; on April 9
 2013 and another $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt; on June 5
 2013 from these February 21
 2013 notes. These new replacement notes contain the same terms as in the February 21
 2013 consolidated convertible notes. A total of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;27
970&lt;/font&gt; to date was converted from the original $100
000 balance
 but no conversions have been made on the second $100


000&lt;/font&gt; to SC Advisors as part of their consulting fees. Previously issued convertible notes from August
 2012 through November
 2012 were consolidated in the above February 21
 2013 convertible note. From December
 2012 through March
 2014
 we issued $25
000 monthly convertible notes for a total of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;400
000&lt;/font&gt;. All of these notes have maturity dates from December 31
 2014 to July 31


000&lt;/font&gt; convertible note on June 7
 2013 for past due services. The maturity date of this note is &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;June 7


&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;March&amp;#160;31
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2013&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;6
207
271&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Convertible Note Financing due February 21
 2015 (a)
 (1)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
554
182&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
310
290&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;400
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Convertible Note Financing due December 31
 2014 (b)
 (2)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;400
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;100
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;37
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Convertible Note Financing due June 7
 2014 (c)
 (3)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;37
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Less discount on convertible notes (4)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(3
511
738)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(4
679
689)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;6
644
271&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=53%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total convertible notes payable&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2
479
444&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;730

 2013 were surrendered to the Company through a February 21
 2013 exchange agreement whereas the Company issued new face value consolidated notes per debt holder for a total amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5
020
944&lt;/font&gt;
 $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;350
000&lt;/font&gt; face value in new notes for the surrender of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 425
003&lt;/font&gt; (after reverse stock split) Class A warrants plus $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;121
327&lt;/font&gt; in a new note for work rendered for this consolidated financing for a grand total of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5
492

000&lt;/font&gt; face value for December
 2012 through March 31
 2014 (total of $400

000&lt;/font&gt; face value issued June 7



&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;$ Amount&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=33%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
891
182&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=33%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;100
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=33%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=33%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=33%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=33%&gt; &lt;div&gt;thereafter&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=33%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=33%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
991

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&amp;#160;2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2013&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=50%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=50%&gt; &lt;div&gt;April 14
 2008 (a)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;60
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;60
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=50%&gt; &lt;div&gt;August 5
 2008 (b)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;55
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;55
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=50%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 10px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=50%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;115
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;115


 2008
 the Company entered into a financing arrangement that provided for the issuance of a $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;60
000&lt;/font&gt; face value short-term bridge loan note payable due &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;July 15
 2008&lt;/font&gt; plus warrants to purchase (i) &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 5
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of our common stock and (ii) additional warrants to purchase &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 5
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of our common stock
 representing an aggregate &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 10





622&lt;/font&gt; in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Codification. On December 15
 2008
 we were in default on the notes for non-payment of the required principal payment.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The remedy for event of default was acceleration of principal and interest so they were recorded at face value. As of March 31
 2013
 this April 14
 2008 note was considered in default for non-payment. The Company is trying to find the debt holder to extend the due date of the note as the previous address is no longer valid. It was determined that the extension warrants required liability accounting and are being recorded at fair value with changes in fair value being recorded in derivative (income) expense. The exercise dates for all warrants other than 12 warrants granted on January 27
 2009 have expired. The exercise price of the 12 warrants was changed again to $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;500&lt;/font&gt; when the Company issued additional convertible instruments with a lower conversion rate on January 27


 2008
 the Company entered into a financing arrangement that provided for the issuance of a $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;55
000&lt;/font&gt; face value short term bridge loan
 due &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;September 5
 2008&lt;/font&gt;
 plus warrants to purchase (i) &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 5
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of our common stock
 and (ii) additional warrants to purchase &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 5
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of our common stock
 representing an aggregate of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 10
000&lt;/font&gt; shares (before any reverse stock splits) as the exercise dates for these warrants have now expired.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The due date of the loan was extended to &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;December 15
 2008&lt;/font&gt; with 11 restricted shares of common stock issued as consideration. On December 15
 2008

 2009
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;we extended the term on the note from December 15
 2008 to April 30
 2009&lt;/font&gt;

112&lt;/font&gt; in accordance with the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. As of December 31
 2012
 this note was considered in default for non-payment. The debt holder is a board director and will extend the note once we locate the debt holder of the above April 14

650&lt;/font&gt; when the Company issued additional convertible instruments with a lower conversion rate on December 18
 2008.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The exercise price of the warrants was adjusted again to $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;500&lt;/font&gt; when the Company issued additional convertible instruments with a lower conversion rate on January 27


&amp;#160;2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2013&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=50%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=50%&gt; &lt;div&gt;April 14
 2008 (a)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;60
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;60
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=50%&gt; &lt;div&gt;August 5
 2008 (b)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;55
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;55
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=50%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 10px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=50%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;115
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;115







 2011
 we entered into a promissory note with our previous landlord in the principal amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;75
762&lt;/font&gt;. This amount was due &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;June 30

 we anticipate making a payment pending a future financing. On October 12
 2012
 the previous landlord sold $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;20
000&lt;/font&gt; of the promissory note to another accredited investor resulting in an outstanding amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;55
762&lt;/font&gt;. The sold $20

 2012
 we entered into two promissory notes for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;40
000&lt;/font&gt;
 respectively
 with two current accredited investors. These notes are subject to an interest rate of ten percent (10%) and are due the sooner of (i) October 14
 2012 or (ii) from the proceeds of the next funding. We received the $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt; payment on June 27
 2012 and the $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;40
000&lt;/font&gt; payment on July 9

 2012
 we entered into a promissory note of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;110
000&lt;/font&gt; with a current accredited investor. We agreed to pay a finder&amp;#8217;s fee of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt; as we received the net payment of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt; on June 28


 2013
 we entered into promissory notes with four current investors in the total principal amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;45
505&lt;/font&gt;. These amounts are due &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt; and are not subject to any interest rates. These notes are exchangeable for equal aggregate amounts of notes of different authorized denominations

 2014
 we entered into promissory notes with three current investors in the total principal amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;50
000&lt;/font&gt;. These amounts are due &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;February 28
 2015&lt;/font&gt; and are not subject to any interest rates. These notes are exchangeable for equal aggregate amounts of notes of different authorized denominations


 &amp;#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
&amp;#8221; establishes a valuation hierarchy for disclosure of the inputs to valuation used to measure fair value. This hierarchy prioritizes the inputs into three broad levels as follows. Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 inputs are quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly through market corroboration


&amp;#160;2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=36%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Quoted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Significant&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=36%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;prices&amp;#160;in&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;other&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Significant&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=36%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Carrying&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;active&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;observable&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;unobservable&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=36%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Value&amp;#160;at&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;markets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;inputs&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;inputs&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=36%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;(Level&amp;#160;1)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;(Level&amp;#160;2)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;(Level&amp;#160;3)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=36%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Conversion feature liability&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
993
393&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
993

 accounts receivable
 prepaid expenses
 accounts payable

 the Company&amp;#8217;s accounting department
 who reports to the Principal Financial Officer

 in isolation

 2014
 there were no transfers in or out of level 3 from other levels in the fair value hierarchy. Starting with the consolidated convertible notes payable as of February 21
 2013
 we used a new lattice valuation model which required the embedded derivatives to be bundled and valued as a single compound embedded derivative



&amp;#160;2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=36%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Quoted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Significant&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=36%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;prices&amp;#160;in&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;other&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Significant&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=36%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Carrying&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;active&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;observable&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;unobservable&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=36%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Value&amp;#160;at&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;markets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;inputs&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;inputs&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=36%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;(Level&amp;#160;1)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;(Level&amp;#160;2)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;(Level&amp;#160;3)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=36%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Conversion feature liability&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
993
393&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
993


 we assumed $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;47
963&lt;/font&gt; in advances payable to the officers of MHHI in which we paid $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;1
500&lt;/font&gt; in January

000&lt;/font&gt;
 resulting in an outstanding balance of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;21

 2009
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 9
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of Series A Preferred
 convertible into &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 54
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock at the option of the holder
 were granted to Roy Warren (see Note 11). During the quarter ended March
 31
 2013
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;51&lt;/font&gt; shares of Series A-1 Preferred
 convertible into &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 306&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock at the option of the holder

000&lt;/font&gt;.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;He also received &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;22&lt;/font&gt; shares of restricted stock that related to this note payable



 2014 because there is no certainty that the Company will realize those benefits. The components of the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities as of &amp;#160;March 31

999
692&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
814
628&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=55%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Compensatory stock and warrants&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;10
691&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;33
831&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=55%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Accrued expenses that are deductible in future periods&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;38
808&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;25
483&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=55%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Depreciation method differences&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
442&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=55%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;6
049
191&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
875
384&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=55%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Valuation allowances&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(6
049
191)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(5
875

 2014 the Company has a net tax operating loss of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;20
614
000&lt;/font&gt; that will be available to offset future taxable income
 if any. The use of net operating loss carryforwards to reduce future income tax liabilities is subject to limitations



 but the statute of limitations has not yet expired because no federal or state tax returns have been filed since 2007. Therefore
 the Company generally remains subject to examination of its U.S. Federal income tax returns for 2008 and subsequent years by the Internal Revenue Service. In addition


 2014 because there is no certainty that the Company will realize those benefits. The components of the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities as of &amp;#160;March 31

999
692&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
814
628&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=55%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Compensatory stock and warrants&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;10
691&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;33
831&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=55%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Accrued expenses that are deductible in future periods&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;38
808&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;25
483&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=55%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Depreciation method differences&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
442&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=55%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;6
049
191&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
875
384&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=55%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Valuation allowances&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(6
049
191)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(5
875





000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of preferred stock which the Company has designated as Series A Preferred (&amp;#8220;Series A&amp;#8221; and &amp;#8220;Series A-1&amp;#8221;)
 $.00001 par value.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Each share of Series A and A-1 is convertible into six shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock for a period of five years from the date of issue.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The conversion basis is not adjusted for any stock split or combination of the common stock.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company must at all times have sufficient common shares reserved to effect the conversion of all outstanding Series A and A-1 Preferred. The holders of the Series A and A-1 Preferred shall be entitled to receive common stock dividends when
 as
 if and in the amount declared by the directors of the Company to be in cash or in market value of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company is restricted from paying dividends or making distributions on its common stock without the approval of a majority of the Series A and A-1 holders.&amp;#160;The Series A and A-1 shall be senior to the Common Stock and any other series or class of the Company&amp;#8217;s Preferred Stock. The Series A and A-1 has liquidation rights in the event of any liquidation
 dissolution
 or winding up of the Company
 whether voluntary or involuntary
 the holders of the Series A and A-1 then outstanding shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company available for distribution to its shareholders
 before any payment or declaration and setting apart for payment of any amount shall be made in respect of any outstanding capital stock of the Company
 an amount equal to $.00001 per share
 The Company
 at the option of its directors
 may at any time or from time to time redeem the whole or any part of the outstanding Series A. Upon redemption
 the Company shall pay for each share redeemed the amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2.00&lt;/font&gt; per share
 payable in cash
 plus a premium to compensate the original purchaser(s) for the investment risk and cost of capital equal to the greater of (a) $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2.00&lt;/font&gt; per share
 or (b) &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;an amount per share equal to fifty percent (50%) of the market capitalization of the Company on the date of notice of such redemption divided by 2
000

 2009
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 9
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of Series A Preferred were granted to Roy Warren. We recorded a non-cash expense for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;1
620
000&lt;/font&gt; which is based on the then market price of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;0.03&lt;/font&gt; per common share times the convertible stock equivalents (9
000
000 preferred shares x 6 = &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 54
000
000&lt;/font&gt; common stock equivalents). These shares have specific voting power in that Roy Warren has voting rights for the 54
000
000 common stock equivalents. The Board of Directors on September 4
 2009 approved an amendment whereas Section 2(A) of the Certificate of Designation is hereby declared in its entirety
 and the following shall be substituted in lieu thereof-Rights
 Powers and Preferences: The Series A shall have the voting powers
 preferences and relative
 participating
 optional and other special rights
 qualifications
 limitations and restrictions as follows: Designation and Amount &amp;#150; Out of the Twenty Million (&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;20
000
000&lt;/font&gt;) shares of the $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;0.00001&lt;/font&gt; par value authorized preferred stock
 all Twenty Million (20
000

 31
 2013
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;51&lt;/font&gt; shares of Series A-1 Preferred
 convertible into &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 306&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock at the option of the holder

 2014
 the Company did not have any outstanding warrants as all of the warrants expired. No warrants were exercised during the fiscal year ended March 31

 2014

714
134&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock of which &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 30
244&lt;/font&gt; shares are owned by our two officers.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Holders of shares of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share on all matters to be voted on by the shareholders.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Holders of common stock have no cumulative voting rights.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In the event of liquidation
 dissolution or winding down of the Company
 the holders of shares of common stock are entitled to share
 pro rata
 all assets remaining after payment in full of all liabilities.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Holders of common stock have no preemptive rights to purchase our common stock.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;There are no conversion rights or redemption or sinking fund provisions with respect to the common stock.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;All of the outstanding shares of common stock are validly issued


 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 300
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;11
250&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 438
400&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;16
440&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 1
166
667&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;43
750&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 400
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;15
000&lt;/font&gt; accrued interest of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 179
093&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;6
716&lt;/font&gt; accrued interest of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 439
067&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;16
465&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 320
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;12
000&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 400
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;15
000&lt;/font&gt; accrued interest of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 1
273
333&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;47
750&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 124
867&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4
675&lt;/font&gt; accrued interest of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 400
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;15
000&lt;/font&gt; accrued interest of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 500
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;18
750&lt;/font&gt; accrued interest of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 320
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;12
000&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 1
918
462&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;62
350&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 524
154&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;17
035&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 609
756&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 1
353
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 2
686
667&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;10
075&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 2
352
941&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 1
183
908&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2
575&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued 1
498.851 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;3
260&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 2
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4
350&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 1
500
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;3
300&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 1
702
529&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;3

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 3
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;6
525&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 1
818
182&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4
000&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 1
818
182&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4
000&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 4
256
098&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;8
725&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 2
500
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5
250&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 2
500
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5
000&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 3
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5
850&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 2
500
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5
000&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 2
500
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5
000&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 2
500
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5
000&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 4
256
410&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;8
300&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 3
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;6
300&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 3
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;6
000&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 2
500
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5
000&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 2
500
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4
750&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 3
286
842&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;6

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 2
600
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4
940&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 2
481
579&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4
715&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 3
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5
700&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 4
326
316&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;8
220&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 8
500
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;15
300&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 3
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4
800&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 3
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;3
600&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 3
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;3
600&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 9
150
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;9
150&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued 5.000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4
500&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued 8.000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;7
200&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued 5.000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4
500&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued 5.000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4
500&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 11
777
778&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;10
600&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 6
935
556&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;6

 2013
 we issued 8.000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;7
200&lt;/font&gt; of February

 2013
 we issued 6.000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4
800&lt;/font&gt; of February



 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 6
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to two conversions of January
 2011 convertible notes for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;10
443&lt;/font&gt; and accrued interest for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 663
800&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2010 convertible notes for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;1

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 62
332&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 2
843
146&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of January


 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 23
809
524&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2010 convertible notes for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;50

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 3
225
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of January
 2011 convertible notes for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;6

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 3
225
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March
 2011 convertible notes for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;6

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 3
250
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March
 2011 convertible notes for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;6

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 1
900
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June
 2011 convertible notes for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;3

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 5
800
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June
 2011 convertible notes for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;7

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 2
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June
 2011 convertible notes for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 6
500
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2010 convertible notes accrued interest for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;8

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 60
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February
 2008 convertible notes for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;76

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 44
970
414&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June
 2011 convertible notes accrued interest for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;57

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 3
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March
 2011 convertible notes for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;3

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 46
728
972&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of November
 2011 convertible notes for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;50

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 2
500
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March
 2011 convertible notes for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 363
056&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a cashless exercise of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 1
000
000&lt;/font&gt; warrants from the March

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 5
100
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June
 2011 convertible notes for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 4
900
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2010 convertible notes for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 40
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February
 2008 convertible notes for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;40

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 6
900
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to conversion of July
 2010 accrued interest for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;8

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 5
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March
 2011 convertible notes for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 36
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to two conversions of July
 2010 convertible notes for a total of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;24
000&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 50
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February
 2008 convertible notes for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;29

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 4
950
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to terms of certain athlete contracts valued at $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;99

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 8
853
333&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March


 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 16
626
267&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2010 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;7

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 4
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March
 2011 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;1

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 40
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February
 2008 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;16

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 60
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2011 debt that was purchased in August
 2012 by another accredited investor of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;24

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 60
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2010 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;24

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 10
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March
 2011 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 15
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March
 2011 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;10

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 5
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2010 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;3

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 60
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2011 debt that was purchased in August
 2012 by another accredited investor of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;22

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 10
666
667&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2010 accrued interest for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 64
733
333&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2011 debt that was purchased in August
 2012 by another accredited investor of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;24

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 26
246
627&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of November
 2011 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;9
360&lt;/font&gt; and accrued interest of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;1

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 50
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February
 2008 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;20

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 20
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June
 2011 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;8

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 75
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February
 2008 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;30

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 15
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March
 2011 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;6

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 9
941
176&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2011 debt that was purchased in August
 2012 by another accredited investor of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 10
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June
 2011 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 86
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2010 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;51

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 50
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February
 2008 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;21

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 44
444
444&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of an October
 2012 purchase of a non-convertible note of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;20

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 130
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February
 2008 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;38
376&lt;/font&gt; and accrued interest of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;24

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 15
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June
 2011 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;6

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 155
520
833&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of November
 2009 debt that was purchased in October
 2012 by another accredited investor of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;74

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 104
895
833&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of November
 2009 debt that was purchased in November
 2012 by another accredited investor of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;50

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 25
900
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2010 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;11

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 100
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February
 2008 accrued interest of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;45

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 32
468
244&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March
 2011 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;10
450&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 32
997
040&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March
 2011 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;8
969&lt;/font&gt; and accrued interest of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;3

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 25
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June
 2011 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;7

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 150
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of November
 2009 debt that was purchased in November
 2012 by another accredited investor of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;36

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 30
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June
 2011 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;6

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 100
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February
 2008 accrued interest of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;24

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 95
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2010 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;21

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 100
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February
 2008 accrued interest of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;24

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 82
568
075&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February
 2008 accrued interest of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;17

 2012
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 205
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of November
 2009 debt that was purchased in November
 2012 by another accredited investor of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;32

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 331
875
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of November
 2009 debt that was purchased in November
 2012 by another accredited investor of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;53

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 125
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of September
 2008 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;20

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 175
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of January
 2009 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;28

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 42
812
500&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of November
 2009 debt that was purchased in November
 2012 by another accredited investor of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;6

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 223
125
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of December
 2009 debt that was purchased in December
 2012 by another accredited investor of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;35

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 50
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of September
 2008 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;7

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 200
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of September
 2008 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;32

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 87
420
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2010 accrued interest of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;13

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 190
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to two conversions of July
 2010 debt totaling $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;28

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 155
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of September
 2008 debt that was purchased in December
 2012 by another accredited investor of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;24

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 255
312
500&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of September
 2008 debt that was purchased in December
 2012 by another accredited investor of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;40

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 37
160
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February
 2012 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 165
468
750&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of September
 2008 debt that was purchased in December
 2012 by another accredited investor of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;26

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 200
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of January
 2009 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;32

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 138
593
750&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of September
 2008 debt that was purchased in December
 2012 by another accredited investor of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;22

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 200
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of January
 2009 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;32

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 70
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March
 2011 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;10

 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 87
146
666&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2010 debt for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4
837&lt;/font&gt; and accrued interest for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;8

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 100
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June
 2011 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;7

 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 593
533
333&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of September
 2008 debt that was purchased in January
 2013 by another accredited investor of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;44

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 190
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to two conversions of July
 2010 debt totaling $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;14

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 138
593
750&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of September
 2008 debt that was purchased in December
 2012 by another accredited investor of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;22

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 100
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February
 2012 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;7

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 250
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2010 accrued interest of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;18

 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 100
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June
 2011 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;7

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 593
666
667&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of September
 2008 debt that was purchased in January
 2013 by another accredited investor of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;44

 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 200
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of January
 2009 debt of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;6
834&lt;/font&gt; and accrued interest of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;8

 2013
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 593
600
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of September
 2008 debt that was purchased in January
 2013 by another accredited investor of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;44

 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 402
960
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July
 2010 accrued interest of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;30

 2010

 2015&lt;/font&gt;. We recorded the full compensation cost of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;41
100&lt;/font&gt; for these options in March
 2010. None of these stock options have been exercised. In addition and on the same date

 2015&lt;/font&gt;. We recorded the full compensation cost of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;57
450&lt;/font&gt; for these options in March

 2010
 a registration that covers the offering of an aggregated &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 7
500&lt;/font&gt; shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock was approved by the Company&amp;#8217;s Board of Directors. As such
 the 2010 Stock Compensation and Incentive Plan was created for employees
 directors
 consultants and other persons associated with the Company in which awards of common stock and/or non-qualified stock options may be granted. During the fiscal year ended March 31
 2011
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 6
578&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock for a total of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;161
000&lt;/font&gt; for past due professional services and payroll in which &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 3
000&lt;/font&gt; shares were returned back to the plan
 leaving an available &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 3

 2011
 the Company&amp;#8217;s Board of Directors approved the issuance of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 54
204&lt;/font&gt; non-qualified stock options to certain employees for the return of previously issued shares of common stock that were issued for payment of past due expenses to be effective at December 31
 2011. The stock options have an exercise price of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;10.00&lt;/font&gt;
 full vesting rights and a life of five years. The Board of Directors intends to approve a registration to cover an offering to include these stock options as well as certain other stock options (see below) in 2014/2015. We recognized the full compensation expense of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;12
656&lt;/font&gt; at December 31
 2011 by using the Black-Scholes valuation model (27
102

 2013
 the stockholders holding a majority voting rights of our Common Stock approved the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan by written consent without a meeting in accordance with Delaware Law. This plan provides for the grant of stock awards to employees
 directors and consultants of the Company and its affiliates covering an aggregate of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 1
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of its common stock. The number of shares of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;common stock available for issuance under this plan shall automatically increase on February 1st of each year for a period of 9 years commencing January 1
 2014 in an amount equal to the lesser of 5% of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on December 31st of the preceding calendar year or 30
000 shares&lt;/font&gt;. Revised number is now 1
030
000 as of March 31
 2014. No stock awards have been granted as of March 31

 the Company&amp;#8217;s Board of Directors approved the issuance of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 10
000
000&lt;/font&gt; non-qualified stock options to certain employees and the two independent Board Directors. The stock options have an exercise price of $.004
 full vesting rights and a life of five years. The Board of Directors intends to approve a registration to cover an offering to include these stock options in 2014/2015. We recognized the full compensation expense of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;26
997&lt;/font&gt; by using the Black-Scholes valuation model (10
000

&lt;/font&gt; we would normally estimate forfeitures of employee stock option and recognize the compensation cost over the requisite service period for the entire award in accordance with the provisions.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;As all stock options were fully vested
 no estimate of forfeitures was required
 and compensation cost is fully recognized at the time of grant and full vesting.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;We estimated the fair value of these stock options on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes-Merton (BSM) option-pricing formula


180&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.06&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4.66&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=37%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=37%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Exercised&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=37%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Forfeited&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=37%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Expired&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=37%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=37%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Outstanding at 3/31/13&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;60
180&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;30.00&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3.66&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=37%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;10
000
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.02&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4.47&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=37%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Exercised&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=37%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Forfeited&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=37%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Expired&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(1
804)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=37%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=37%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Outstanding at 3/31/14&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;10
058

 fully vested and exercisable for the year ended March 31
 2014.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;As such
 all compensation expense for the above options has been recognized

  
  


180&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.06&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4.66&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=37%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=37%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Exercised&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=37%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Forfeited&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=37%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Expired&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=37%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=37%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Outstanding at 3/31/13&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;60
180&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;30.00&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;3.66&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=37%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;10
000
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.02&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;4.47&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=37%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Exercised&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=37%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Forfeited&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=37%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Expired&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(1
804)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=37%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=37%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Outstanding at 3/31/14&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 4px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; COLOR: #000000; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;10
058

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  






  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 nine allonges (allonge #8 for $71
500 dated April 11
 2013
 allonge #9 for $88
000 dated June 5
 2013
 allonge #10 for $88
000 dated June 21
 2013
 allonge #11 for $82
500 dated July 23
 2013
 allonge #12 for $110
000 dated August 8
 2013
 allonge #13 for $110
000 dated September 18
 2013
 allonge #14 for $55
000 dated October 28
 2013
 allonge #15 for $55
000 dated November 15
 2013 and allonge #16 for $55
000 dated February 11

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



 Attitude Beer Holding Co.



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  

 2008 to April 30

  
  
  
  


  


  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

000

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2014 in an amount equal to the lesser of 5% of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on December 31st of the preceding calendar year or 30

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




107 for March 31




 2013 were surrendered to the Company through a February 21
 2013 exchange agreement whereas the Company issued new face value consolidated notes per debt holder for a total amount of $5
020
944
 $350
000 face value in new notes for the surrender of 425
003 (after reverse stock split) Class A warrants plus $121
327 in a new note for work rendered for this consolidated financing for a grand total of $5
492




000 face value for December
 2012 through March 31
 2014 (total of $400




000 face value issued June 7









    



























        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    




    




    
    
    



 Net


007 at March 31






107 at March 31

    




    




    



 Plant and Equipment



    




    










    




    


    
    




    




    




    
    




    


    
    




    


    
    
    




    




    




    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle



    
    



 Value


 20
000
000 shares authorized
 9
000
051 shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2014 and March 31
 2013




 Value


 par value $0.00001
 20
000
000
000 shares authorized and 181
714
134 and 18
414
546 shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2014 and March 31
 2013



    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    








    






    


    


    


    


    
    












    


    


    


    
    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    























 Plant and Equipment




 Finite-Lived















    
    


















    
    




    


    
    


    


    




    




    




    






    



 Finished Goods

    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Plant

    


    


    






    
    


    


    



 Future Minimum Payments Due

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    


    
    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    








    


    



 Plant and Equipment



    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    



 Rent Expense




 Rent Expense



    



 Plant and Equipment




 Rent Expense

    


    
















    


    






    


    


    


    
    






    






    
    


    




    


    




    
    


    


    


    


    


    






    








    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    






















    



 Settlement Agreement



    







 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant

    


    
    
    


    


    


    


    



 Plant and Equipment





    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    



 Net

    



 Income Taxes
 Extraordinary Items

    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    




    




    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    




    
    



 Value

    



 Shares

    



 Value

    



 Shares

    



 Value

    



 Shares

    


    
    
    



 Shares

    


    
    
    



 Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options

    






    


    


    


    
    




    




    




    




    


    
    
    




    


    


    


    



 Recurring and Nonrecurring








 Recurring and Nonrecurring



    


    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    


    




    


    



 Original Debt


 Original Debt



    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    
    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    








    



 Stock Options



    


    



 Options
 Outstanding








 Options
 Grants in Period






 Options






 Options






 Options






 Options
 Outstanding








 Options
 Grants in Period






 Options
 Exercises in Period






 Options
 Forfeitures in Period






 Options
 Expirations in Period





    
    
    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals

    


    
    
    










    




    


    


    



 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Outstanding







    


    


    



 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate

    



 State and Local Income Taxes





    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Change in Enacted Tax Rate

    




    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 Converted Instrument




 Converted Instrument




 Convertible







    


    


    






    
    


    



 Interest Rate



    


    


    


    


    


    






    



 Option



    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    




















    


    
    








    















 Maturity Date














 Shares








 Shares



    


    


    






    


    






    


    



 Inputs




 Inputs




 Inputs



    



 Fair Value


 Fair Value



    


    


    
    



 Value
 Restricted Stock Award



    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    
    






    


    
    



 Converted Instrument



    


    


    


    
    


    






    











 2012 to November



    


    


    




    


    


    

for that Attitude Drinks Incorporated and Attitude Beer Holding Co. entered into a joint venture with New England WOB



    


    


    


    





 Converted Instrument



    


    


    


    






    
    


    
    



 Gain (Loss)







    




    




    


    






    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    




    








    


    
    



 Converted Instrument



    
    



 Damages Sought




 Damages Awarded



    
    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


























































    










    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    
    


    
    










    

 liquidation rights



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    






















    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    



 Non-Option Equity Instruments






















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        
        
        


Debt Conversion
 Original Debt
 Amount
$ 6
644
271
        
        
        


        
2
479
444
        
730
601
        


        
(3
511
738)
        
(4
679
689)
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Debt Conversion
 Original Debt
 Amount
6
207
271
        
        
        


        
5
554
182
        
5
310
290
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Debt Conversion
 Original Debt
 Amount
400
000
        
        
        


        
400
000
        
100
000
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Debt Conversion
 Original Debt
 Amount
37
000
        
        
        


        
$ 37
000
        
        
        

      
        

      



              
              


              

 2013 were surrendered to the Company through a February 21
 2013 exchange agreement whereas the Company issued new face value consolidated notes per debt holder for a total amount of $5
020
944
 $350
000 face value in new notes for the surrender of 425
003 (after reverse stock split) Class A warrants plus $121
327 in a new note for work rendered for this consolidated financing for a grand total of $5
492



              

000 face value for December
 2012 through March 31
 2014 (total of $400



              

000 face value issued June 7








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of a written promise to pay a note
 initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer
 which can be exchanged for a specified amount of one or more securities (typically common stock)
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


Benefit at state rate
 net of federal deficit
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of federal tax expense (benefit).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


Options Outstanding
 Shares
60
180
60
180
        


Options Granted
 Shares
10
000
000
        
        


Options Exercised
 Shares
        
        
        


Options Forfeited
 Shares
        
        
        


Options Expired
 Shares
(1
804)
        
        


Options Outstanding
 Shares
10
058
376
60
180
60
180


Options Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
        
        
        


Options Granted
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
        
        
        


Options Exercised
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
        
        
        


Options Forfeited
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
        
        
        


Options Expired
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
        
        
        


Options Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
        
        
        


Options Granted
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term
        
        
        


Options Outstanding
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term
        
        
        


Options Outstanding
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value
        
        
        


Options Granted
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value
        
        
        


Options Outstanding
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested options.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#.9$E
.`(``(DC```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;"B!`(HH``````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#

M









@J4625*+)*%%DEBJP215:)(JM$D56BRI19)4HLBH4616*K`I%
M5H4BJT*15:'(JE!D52BR*A19%8JL&D56C2*K1I%5H\BJ4635*+)J%%DUBJP:
M15:-(FN!(FN!(FN!(FN!(FN!(FN!(FN!(FN!(FOQOV2-:=`^'C]=T'&


M;'
O+G)E;'

M8B].P[HH0;$S8GO7:GBMGU8/H&(B9VD4QQJ.'&%7W=YL7WBDE)MBU_NHLHN+


#


M7P```/__`P!02P

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````+R:S8Z;
!2%]Y7Z#LC[AOC:9F:J(;-H56FV[?0!+.*$
M:`@@[/[D[6M%$6FDSND&G4TD3&*.\+W?.88\/OT^=L7/







`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!6

7?5]KO@/*^


9X$F^
M$L*LTZ[7Z_6[:RZ5<UXRL[1T(N%C


A=\55J[?LQ\BF!
M77GIITS


M#.D^ZU3&4J`

MD@

M'*3&DM$
MH




MTA:A&9KE4I8(+I66!^XJ^&?!#





M``8`````$`EGP]7$%``




/\^




6OA8G[SF5O/LT'VIO'C4]R.OS(JKBQ%6]908U?%8Y/RQRE]+
M?FTQ2
TO60O\S;FX-?=H93XE7)G5+Z^W15Z5-PCQ7%R*]K
+ZCIEOOI^NE9U

OOL;L/@_!ED==54QW;)83S$'0XY]1+/8BT71\*F(%(NU/SX\9]

G<0KE#F)&8V.KP^<B;'#(*898T%)'RZ@(`

MQ!L79M7/.`ZM&Z
DZBI%$AHF=DYT`4O2A
1]!`

NG=Z1H38`HOZL)@1E
0=

M!M&$^?L6^]Y00
X(43%

Q0TB'TM

@&FNWB!#7W
M?O/5PI=D^C@-J!HWP6:9/!FZO.8XZ%A2@V`T2E.U_B09!D%!FH:^FIJ)-LOF



MC2M[C_DTI+%:TB;GK(U`O-M:&T%J;P12
])[&

M1E*&8:3DYRFS_']B:8?[@/9`(TN+&H10C26+BH



6!


H;U


M`P!02P


\4W(9Y8C/P6)9/
M3!KM&(+&AM+:;V?@KTK;T7WZ?&K^+E]#FA^.#4RW!2-B`UOLWEQ:9^`HA!E-



\^GBM#/KZ7CI!+,H#
M[/2P6[(M!K6T

M(
0@PB#&(!&``4X-=L$BD^RZO4A[5YB:N=*/9L

/`QR#`(
0@PB#&(!&`9`'LPW=8P-3M
M
3(DIXF7

L0@PB#&(.&`=]N&

M!A$&
0:)`2#X)6#&*GQQ2.N5]OBZR5;!14&?*X-EPC&(6!BX&'@8]!T`-V


M##P

8@PB#G@-A%I/^+I]/YSR2@H5+]@%&N%C;)0/G$-WS`G!*^=+7]\]=$5

R(K9X2@+2BAVN^3`Q&7W<[371WS%.(K)%!(
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#0U










=F'#
;$@SPA^O#Z(5LRY%5O/UE)#O]N[NV+3

+4Y3I9+MF&LI4;SA`.7`T^
M1;.S2?TK]M?FA7



MH+@3M3M
5,P2XIZLW9J&8]<8%X
M0'P@`9`02*1(;Q=;,F-HD@!)=6+Z)=+N#7[)<$R&=,'+F;(3N+:T!-VL^AL@
M+A`/B`\D4$2.G#DN]B$TB8#$0!(@J4Y,OT36U?VZ<EK*B*S[1C?'S+UQ;6DY
M6OG&B0L:#X@/)%!$^D9W:/FV'$*3$@

Q;I?SI3M
M[&MQGY





]-=5;F+;Q//_)
+N4X_G%
(!\0'$@`)@41`8B!)1S[<'+5.2^_D(VGR`9Q#?G[)-_E^7PVV


M_Y6=7XIC-=CGS]2%R6A).\59/A
G/]3EJ7E
Z*FLZ5FVYNTK/;N8T]
YDQ&)
MG\NR;C^(%-`]#?GX+P```/__`P!02P







E+8N<#J/+A=QF@`<;;BQ]\)18L1VQBKY-X2`U4@F1U(X'D@

UL`I/ZZMT

)E?R%


.W-/
DEZ:
M`3

M`!KZ3/ZOVX16



/BF\40#W=F-E)56J[T\
M
QC;*
98P&22O]]JJ@W5U5X;;QXF
X=3Y5/5U7W`/'W\7AZ=;WG=%-5IX_J3



+RQU!1:JP
M]?:'R)L
.@II)D$G(ZN.(`!^.F6A1@
ZDG[O_G\OMNUAX\[FDV@QG?E`=U[S

_FM^7XF%9


91CU'*.BV2
5*3(

M8^2$?=4)!P0')`$
;3#&X[NMR!L7*N^;NPP73!MR%MW@!'XX9Z.3X/5!N[@3
M($F`H1PF?+QR13:5^U.VYC%R!F4)!P0')`$






GM(@[;49#,<1'[,XC[E)N7-IF#)MWIGME?HE-
M==5*FL*4JUR#]/R.7/084RXS_-@G1J1[S1%A<21%3(7*(L8K1$.Y,[?$=;1
MC@B?(Y(BID)E%.








MKU)ZX\0FXYL1_


M5]K_@+AO@'Q`$B4Y*EC=/=*NM%KMQS4A3H(*.
*T:?_]SGB`8(=PRO:B#9[7







MG$`4;VT(N


=PHMCD]'6(D#2]$-&`C34V$S`8`XAB$S`P
M`$G3#SA@8XW-!
06V3F(ADL2Q2;@T@`D#:WT$U2D4;(1V7L#8(W-A%R-@42Q

PK$6^

M5-LI(F



Z$1A=.FI%



M-#

V%
??*_4[(-XWX%PA2K*:Q)IVI5:JJN[VF1`G00
XPF0N

EFN?38*?4^4J3QDY6GM?__G




ML1]L5DV`?F3B19'?GCK+E]^J[/!'5@J(-N0)
[7\@FEWPYH@IN#P=V/30;^
MJKR#.;7O/Y;OOPNLM.YAG3/8$6XL.7AC0N50D3!S6@\0T^IS`$`/KTBP]*`



E&'%:9UA!$U\`[0U^'D[`?3A9E_'\H\2:;
@K[MM?M


MZ*E..=_IAF[T=QN]'7

MM/^`_-X`^8`2):G:0+=)FS1-^WAVP`2K@)'M-.V_W[6=-C9$3?(2XNOCXW/N

EXPV6

M'`21WV#:(L



MO1\




M7$

82*P;PBV7?JG79^93
W^TEED!1WA\

Y[KSN!])^(+
CC;U96`==Q^?``I\KN`&8VGK!])^(+,
MCK;D&FT*[.9M4'`#


DW+?Z;P6?5P2.SF`$X)(Q^3907P;O'VRK
M_P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`%%4K[R!@``.SH``!D```!X;]W;W)K





R7/7TYKKK


@]#:XZ=FGN[Z'X\YM/\?O3#+I15T!1=FGFL61PU;EVXPJ4'

`2/KY\E4.SDC4[O7





:!CT\N-XI9


$0`D4`4$`W$4!)[X1)7#R]\0(N]








P?$?A0P24E4`4$`W$4!)[
MTB^AIAT)=<Z?\P01]0(2ZDGC?ET,/GY.

MV\I9*.%3O`@BX@.0
A`_)V93FVG9*5[!&`%$`E%`-!!#26Q&OW@Z\3DS6B`S


\
OD(F7D3-
MX*0
&F^&^S4'7R501$1#.F[R)`Q10#000TEL#4^O%Q9-1VCEJ:J80&@%4@*I
M@`@@

I`?%N=_S

M`)%`%!`-Q%`2F]`O:F8^17Y\:@01;=X/.Y

MI`12`1%`)!`%1`
QE$3-VQ?:^CR@:N7L`16LAR`B5QY(:0(H#(0/PK`UUW
M(`K&:#N)3[WE*W]^;P9_IT\_WK3IMZ]U(OZ[6T_6#7?W?MV$_O_T4_T][@
ME]2]S
%XD=PMVA?J&*^2._LJD=6/3E^PK^Z]+U_J?RYW+^OM?O!6/]MO-;[)
M[:&Q\R__^4\.S7O[LM77YF!?VFO_^6I?TJSM.T[C&RM^;IK#\1/W#4ZO?3[^

H#XPI#Q@JN?0/2M7S



MP
_&R]F./A7JESA^97Q_4)#N*7BD'9OGK_=



M(7)9BUGW





M)S^==CHP/]@B/\B/U4?;DK56W!AT6NOEUS

B+T8]/.#('Q!I]WI1@^9FJ._
MC;IP@
0!JZ9[]H

CQ*(%X-C@^XH
2M1FHMD+!V&=^'F#



MY(
J&-



MCA8!&2[-0/@W;-%SKXO*!:]9$`&;))
%MC:*;+1+@(=!9`'


-#`@F0X++.Z


MQ[%2N
$
C$<Z&/#[A!_]=J_1<``/__`P!02P
$
M%``&``@````A`




'']=`

M!Y8



X_Y(X%K`P3C6W5%14G'U@C0\SE(VLX1Q!U&#F(
M)T6O#).
30N#Q

DXYN
G^!2PS/31
M=?'6H.&I63HQ

EA+A0?QLUT

Y+GAM;*Q8
%GEXKPQV<PV#7[.QX_'S;FGW\\/2Q
HZK3
M\RX]B3/?F)^\


W'A9[BS




0R-2`B








R@'
M)&'VN
&[?K*XSS-Z@#&
`U
[3!'3F::P99@SL.

^1Y'5[`53&=`)N''\/`Q/'16
!H9X4N71O!'M@1#2WG'

M!#

$%``&``@````A`



24[H%B+1MA7
S`[0\G]%(PK8RJ;`1T)`1ZFO.<S`DPK9:E@`Q<
MV9'F58%OD\7=')/5TM?GC^`[














NMZQ;Q[R3'J?8IF885\

ES^2
M(0ZR


M?N
+WK$M\0MK


M+2'#G6CUB`KL$9HC4B]:SWB]9%12KW._

M(A-`XV$)C%PXR*Y$(N[P3S-)-(CV;W
VL+I8+^YTN?


M9/3^3_
0
A'+Z=ZI_1L.M[)6VSBT_2QQ$#4@K




IL/-








=;[^V#_<_/Y=7O??4?'FUM5]

MJJ:51)Y'\N.1!D?.F^0'=Q'O

MJWF'V05G=I([5T_AS5?C0E3X=UVFX+I
\D-V-6_WRO6=@I?']WCE$AG_&Z]B
MYU7\[\:[V`UXR0__HG5BYU;R@ZOG':T3.[=BKY7?T0?CYU;^=TDONJ0G/[C7


M?]XD\[[H*JG9S2;LO?]Y?O%/TPN95R2UF*2:CZ?BG

MF
IYS)*!-!BS\M_Y

M/

M)$^CVGF:IU'M/


MS=.H=C8F3Z0:VN3DM%I0+6WRHEI036WRLEI0;6WRPEI0C6WRTEI0K6WRXAJK



M!BT-VAIT-.AJT-.@K\%`@Z$&(PW&&DPTF&HPTVNP4*#I08K#=8:;#38:F`,
M+PS

_`/0/[#/PS
-#`00
+#3PT
-'`10
;#7PT

%K/;8Y`K67A[
M0ZX2=9BK:JRF'M=68\\=7Q2*ZEY5L\<SI^H:-#1H:M#2H*U!1X.N!CT-^AH,
M-!AJ,-)@K,%$@ZD&,PWF&BPT6&JPTFMP4:#K0;&@*169E89F&?@GH%]!OX9
M&&C@H(&%!AX:F&C@HH&-!CX:&&G@I/&M#(D:\YOB%B#B-4+JFYY+75E.R]




M*WLLH*+!A@X;6FSHL0E
#D





MY`LJ6BOW

:@D\-\)0^X_7P=MVJ3_(8







M9^*KD0$
A5Q


MSU%[M81J.QGN7SN'+N$&F'^^
M*EW#4#'EW`#E#<$NR'(0VZ0\9`;1CSD!@H/N:'`0R[]'G+Y]I!+L(=<1CWD

MT@/I@PQ`AB`CD#'(!&0*
@.9@RQ`EB`KD#7(!F0+(A
Y;9A$'\C9FLZQ.V6
M+*.0\SDM5.%LCK[+7`WUT'E9YX:*WLLZ-U1T7]:YH:+_LLX-%7N`K'-[JC!]
MR8XR/WU'KL/9C6A^JOZ]T2N([U;K092!VF`-$%:(&V0#D@7I`?2!QF`#$%&



;UZ^L)O?9
MGW$]+3W5X7+4J5S7LY*H4*S@^530%\/Q(=ECY=]_CQP?[-8L?Y[+ARH%O7^K

L0)8@






048@8Y`)R!1D!C('68`L058@:Y`-R!9$AA5LC+PFHJTRK*`@
MC95A!2I:*P



M+8CD2ULH^0*BK9(OJ&BLY`LJ6BOY@HKF2KZ@HKV2+ZAHL.0+*EHL^8(J
#G
M5[+[Q

MD!Y('V0`
(QDRTA=S@9WW]520O4%M
M@#1!6B!MD`Y(%Z0'T@<9@`Q!1B!CD`G(%&0&,@=9@Q!5B!KD`W(%D1&!^VH
MC`Y`-2+Z*J

.C)
M!I-W!-WN2_&#SHWT!;UYI982NPYVQ

M1B!CD`G(%&0&
@=9@Q!5B!KD`W(%D2KQV6X`
YU[/16R;D4-%8F9!#Y:RU
M/2AW
=N6205G%^J!5=X74]P)5[];:9W/OG.&XQVR]1.&(3NNMI]JJ.661V

MV8+(J*
-DU$'B+;*J`

M\BG)ZJ
B92I@RUC!X6V+FC\$/2`(7_*)/T'XCELC.!33C[G5=5VGHNR.4`.I
M@S1`FB`MD#9(!Z0+T@/I@PQ`AB`CD#'(!&0*
@.9@RQ`EB`KD#7(!F0+(M]1
M8_=_918:NBK?4@
5?97OJ8&*SLHWU4!%;^6[:JBN_)M-5#17_F^&JCHL'QC
M#53T6+ZSQE.%.4MVHQQ_DXOMYI67U[I3469.#:0.T@!I@K1`VB`=DY(#Z0/
M
@`9@HQ`QB`3DG(#&0.L@!9@JQ`UB`;DV(Y`N;E*Z):*M\#10*TECY(BBH


018@

M(!N0+8@D41LF202J$=%722(*TEE)HE79&.3L%*+3
K]$S?1:YI=0T6V97_KG



(7)


MAZ8!T@1I@;1!.B!=D!Y('V0`
@09@8Q!)B!3D!G('&0!L@19@:Q!-B!;$
F7


Y




M
2FF[V-ZJ245^3FSQ3)2AZ8!T@1I@;1!.B!=D!Y('V0`
@09@8Q!)B!3D!G(
M'&0!L@19@:Q!-B!;$
F9-DQR!E0CHJ^2


M`=%6F4!16-E`@F5L[9T^'KZO%TK+$.K)76HF69+ZJBW9(ZJ&BXI`ZJP/(P



62NJ`:*ND#BH:*ZF#REG[SXLE+$.K)76H

-.=+
/=*2

Y


MQV^[F\^[AT0@XB_[_9/[C[3X^:_]PQ\'PS[]3P````#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(
M````(0!O





M?S__X\V7WS\_O/OY::&/O[VIWMXVWGQ\]^'3ZWP-/WR^9AV/O_SRX?U#Y_']
MOSX^?/J:K^3SPV_OONKY?_GUP^]?PMH^OK]F=1_???[GOW[_V_O'C[]K%7__

M\O5&JWN3/U'^SO=O[M]H33_]^/


HL.?



O=
M3;UZUVP]QT]%995;SNJK

M]5Q=;I5:^'7T0UB\\H+-HGK--TM2N

6[)
MU8*C^HNV;3ULV^R'R[-XYGOA]TP^R&LY04%5P^=/_LAK.?Z0JD'P=D/8?$7

M+UL:8?-F/X3U7+\3-


MN5%8*

F&A10[TWS__%99E&;/B

VUB&L^!OK.89








0;];[
MN]MTMK?+
I4TTRG+5--
MRQ32S.]LDP]S?3+
G=I9E6::2985FFF69&91E3
M]N.RC*FZ24FF8;;SMQCMO.L+&.V\[PL8[;SHBQCMO.R+&.V\ZHL8[;SNBQC
MMO

D;$J2QC1#A7
)^O4


MU
.IAU
/IQY./9QZ./5PZN'4PZF'4W]VFEWN@Z9X]OOTK[:W%ZZ;3Q/BCN?\



.IAU
/IQY./9QZ./5PZN'4PZF'4P^G'DX]


+?+YVB](#Z8

0(8@(Y`QR`1D
MC(#F8,L0)8@*Y`UR`9D[(#V8

M96LV)0F`!!MZ[Y_I&A;$P`IVM9=_4C1MJ=M30`L2-N:`$C1MN[11XJV/6U[
MVM8$P+IH6Q,`*=K6!$*MC4!D$ILIQ
@N_TV_E?[TR`_&[=^IU70]C;U&K
MY*G+WM\&Z8!T07H@?9`!R!!D!#(&F8!

MR!'D!*(V;Q6JS0-1JZ-7M7DL2+-J\TC1K=H\4K2K%_I(T:^C8+5Y+$C%:O-(


UG]PD^







M/%*TK2Z/5&([[?+9'85QE[_N4IU*?B.BQLFYV_-:G2(4OZ:W]R]VBDQQZJ?6






B^LG_UZ[

3M-_QWG)&=8X!UF`+$%6(&N0
M34'RC:P/MS:;:(LE=F8)^YG



M

M%

MZO)(4;:ZO$VIRP/1MKH\4K2M+H\4;:O+(T7;ZO)(T;:Z/%*TK2Z/%&VKRR-%
MV^KR2-&VNCQ2M*TNCQ1MJ\LC1=OJ\E$JZ?+5[%;3N



MWS=OZ^:LWRG)5(HWL=+'TC=*YK=`YT](7T+V]

MUZC=WIGC4WV=9/R$RA\J%&+^I&NE#Q5*


5.Y:QW5\Z0/Z?D8\1:N8^4ZEJX+M1NM/I1J
MA$)E1B@4X@7I^Q#M\]*W'P*%DHH6#!44H5`Q$0H%$J%0#Q$*^B-$V_JF03PO
MVO:T[6G;T[:G;4_;GK8];7O:]K3M:=O3MJ=M3]L^L9W.N^R6V1?
N_Q.V_@D



@&9@LQ`

MNC2R@$+-1`NR2O35NU@PU$6T8*B$`7W$:)MC2RLGK8ULIB;8TLI&A;(PLI
MVM;(0HJV-;*0HFV-+*1H6R





@:9@$Q!9B!SD`7($F15D.(`I=(T1UYK++$!

Q^?=:W1Z]GK!&#3I[L[\F&1`+0+
(*9:`A@U2





M)Z02V^EXRN[;?
%XRF_WC
=3R87
T3VAQ7BRI%.UI`O2`^F##$&(.0


M:2X!M8GH7'
)]*ZYA)2]*ZYE*?R)YY]NIUIR:$._C00RB(/-/!0SJDB1^B


15J/[5(O)8TD'F2Y(#Z0/
@`9



MN6DTT]^$URJ':@^/4:U$5RKK1R[!O4$'9/G#7MJIQB)0V&BU)8I[@`:BU@7
M=P&-1:33G!Y1(U%F])8!&*5:RPBQ2K76$2*5:ZQB%2H\NBIAC*.4*C3(5




M#;(I2/$&;#W[A

MT;;Z/U+TK?Z/%(VK_R-%Y^K_2-&Z^C]2]*[^CU0P?]E[U/^1HFGU?Z3H6OT?

M'RG:5O]'BK;5_Y&B;?5_I!+;:?_/;OQ[0?_/[Q=
^[_]N*V:O:FP#=(!Z8+T
M0/H@`Y`AR`AD##(!F8+
0(<@)1M[?U.V!





M6!ND`](%Z8'T008@0Y`1R!AD`C(%F8'
018@2Y`5R!ID`[(%V8'L00X@1Y`3
MB:5:B)`$2MF@A(4:PF`E)4JXF`%.5J(B!%O9H(2%&P)@)25*R)@%20G#?[
M^YK]9@Q-@WR9XCV;[*[C]#T;C0*LE46@48`4RTC`D6@D8!4BP%C0*;TB@`
M8BEH%#%4M`H0(JEH%&`%$M!HP`IEH)&`5(L!8TI%@*&@5(A5)(1@%2M*U1

Q])PK`W'XGL#L_J\*P.S^KPK`[/ZOL#L_J\*P.S^KPK`[/

@.9@RQ`



!I%@/.A!`BA6A`P&D6!
Z



$*9:$Y@A2+`G-






MZ8



7I$(I77YW#2*;TO$+$&M%QR](L59T_((4:T7'

@(9



M'BG:5KO_?\[N;$F.Z\K2\*O(=-\4$T`.H*EDYA[S/(]WZFY*5=95Q3**U?WZ









H*

F[3*KF?Z]\C;H0W_Q$YE3W


H2
(&/(!#*%S!SR`*RA*P@:\@&LH7L('O(`7*$G!GR`5RA610
M=85E4('4FD%%2K$95*14FT%%2KD95*34FT%%2L$95*14G$%%2LD95*34G$%%








NDLDDZK
)
`I-9
`E**S20@
MI=I
`E+*S20@I=Y



`E+*SB3H



H2
(&/(!#*%S!S
MR`*RA*P@:\@&LH7L('O(`7*$G!GR`5RA:3+=Q6FRX-Z(KWF=)@'-9O385*Z


M='F0MM/E26D[79Z4MM/E26D[79Z4MM/E26D[79Z4MM/E26D[79Z4MM/E26D[

H2
M(&/(!#*%S!SR`*RA*P@:\@&LH7L('O(`7*$G!GR`5RA:3;=X6EVX/4FC4]





GI=LT?U+:
M3?
GI=\T?U(:3O

T?U):3O

M&08@BR'#@)3%D&%`RF+(

@/($#*
MC$3R!0R@\PA\@2LH*L(1O(%K*#[$'R!%R@IPA%\@5DFG0%99I`.J)])II
MP(.:S30@I=M
`U+:S30@I=]


`U*:+E2==L^#


MCWTC?3(#R!`R@HPA$\@4
H/

MWQ66+@_JB?2:+L^#FDV7)Z7;='E2VDV7)Z7?='E2&DZ7)Z7C='E26DZ7)Z7G




H7

M(%O(#K*_D^KW4?^
LO:QWX&GCI`3Y`RY0*YW4GWUY]=_KG+!8YD;W2N)A062


M(\@8
H%
(3/('+*`+._D7J&/^;O;+O05CZPA&\@6LH/L[Z3ZTL]/#Y\Z7_K`

MK(4


W_X^+&[


MKSLSK%L^F6&@GLB:RD8=#UI5V:@C95UEHXZ4E96-.E(63S;JJM3;_U3JZOK6
MX#/3^%(64&8:*4LH
XU4742-KVB99*;QH(62F4:J+I7ZC^`-/]B;%\F
Z[YN
M9ARHKI7J2[WAKWM&8/4B]1
/'[WQ7==6_1OX\/3TU/A;YC_;GG=HS5=]P]^%
MS







B%(61J9$*0LC4P(4I9&
M)@0I2R
3@I2ED0E!RM+(A!E:61D+(T

M8T?U4^/&XWU$=$F?S``RA(P@8\@$
H7
\@!<H2<
M(&?(!7*%99TA64F@'HBO68F\*!F
Q-(Z38S@91V

Q-(Z3@S
M@926
Q-(Z3DS@92F
Q-(Z3HS@92V
P2ZJ;Q'`6D[79^4MO.F@I2VL[5&2MLY
MP&E[7P4@92V\U$$4MK.1Q%(:3L?12E[7P4@92V2VVGS?.@MM/F&ZEVF[_=

M-I`M9`?90PZ0(^0$.4


4]*VUG
D])V%O.D
MM)TN3TK;Z?*-5*O+/[_O/OF7Q]JW2/S`V3WT;:NU!^E#!I`A9`090R:0*60&
MF4
6D5D!5E#-I`M9`?90PZ0(^0$.4,NDND*$2E2*V%7@O%%IHM5%OHME!N


MJK]4?ZG^4OUE2W^[_=\N'#87^6_[O/%S=4^QN:?CI[3NH6;[[UYO[)
90(:0
M$60

M0+:0'60/.4.D!/D#+E`KI`T_Z[-'^06K/Q0TJQV?@AI=IL_)!2;C9^2*DW


G
X`

M=G;S26D[N_FDM)W=?%+:SFX^*6UG-Y]4RW:[R]_NQ36[_!MW\ZOK=
U%_2N'
MN8T[=]4'-)^[I`\90(:0$60
F4FD!ED#EE`EI`59`W90+:0'60/.4.D!/D


MIO^3TF_Z/RD-I_^3TG'Z/RDMI_^3TG/Z/RE-I_^3TG7Z/REMI_]W4^G_(&VG



M&4
FDED!IE#%I`E9`590S:0+60'V4,.D/D!#E#+I`K)
V_*RS-']03Z37-


M0




H*

M.4).D#/D`KEBD)4BGHBZ*P(@I+HJAKXENU%59`T2Z!5
[CQ]M_;;M%70.-





PHXG7T79&$RE]9S21TGA&$RF=9S21TGI&$RF]9S21

#
M_R1270OWQ-

M)E&64$D;*



E%60$4;*.L@((V4E9(21LA8RPKJI
MC#0Q9`11LIBR`@C93%DA)&R&#+2-6VWUP?95T






M$\@4
H/

MGQ



M7*&7!729,5U@F#$BMF3D%)L)0TJUF3DE)L)0TJ]F3D%)P)0TK%F3D
ME)P)0TK-F3D%)T)0TK5F3DE)T)TTUEPHTG0E#2MN9
*2TG0E#2MN9
*2T
MG0E#2MN9







UY+L^GV
MI'2;;D]*N^GVI/2;;D]*P^GVI'2<;D]*R^GVI/2<;D]*T^GVI'2=;D]*V^GV
MW52Z/4C;Z?:DM)UN3TK;Z?:DM)UN3ZJV76VO/'S\)S]=Q`<M@`P`7MXR``@
M90%D`)R`#(`2%D`&0D+(`
`%*M`F@/@/3P]PR`VV/M^]A^N.AS%6H.@[I
MDQE`AI`19`R90*:0&60.646D!5D#=E`MI`=9`\Y0(Z0$^0


MT_Q)Z3C-GY26T_Q)Z3G-GY2FT_Q)Z3K-GY2VT_R[J31_D+;3_$EI.\V?E+;3

M
60KJ)&JAL&?_O&O/_[X2_^OO_SU+W_^CQ]__ON/O1___=__\8?_]=-__V?Z
M^\-MGG[%?_CYQ[_]RQ^+P\





0^']

M5=:JU68EPC3V4(PC('M[



M[.


MTKR0]`5-5-O[


?+2UGX2Z.



J6'@X
MBX-RYF)6Q!U@?%C&NXMCQ[6]60)5
PM*Q_;=D#AB[C
1-S7D3N\&DWQ%%2AAW0.QB/Y!3
];=C$RI)G]T2Q7H7[#Y;H'3R+]PED

$5Q]1%0YG$#?7O,TD4FI`.)






MU0Z6H0T-
Y6&`(LU)RO_6@/

+
M(]IV]C4MI7RFB!B$XR
T8C-Q@


YJT@'NA6*KM1[ORJF)2_(%6*8?P_4T7O
M)W`%L3[6'O#A=EA@I#.E[7&A0@Y5*`FIWQ?0.)C:`=$5[PP#4$%=]3FOR'



MY.)%&CNUL&-K.[;2U.#9DRD*0Y/L(&

25-

&G
M*H&AAQZ8/(#DMQS-TJV_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`'OI_.D$-``#)







2:5*_HL];+:





Y6FA

8`X+9:#J['`*0

H?
M9PHT[Q3G*D&@R*L$@2*O3B17X(ERKQ($BKQ*$CR*NNS2LQ5:(HKSE60)%7
/CJK3Z
:[9%W$0J3J4AS0\#5Q/&Q.A/
MC/'P
EJP25*]M=?.89NW+M5=&)=`(W);;SCAT$N5Q.&0-7Q[Z(78?8)[




[:S?73
+OJ-
M$OW`DS`?7?1#[ZG0B<+4OT07



MAJI*)
6@JD9FKABJ*I$$@JH*23VAJD12#*IJ)'&%JA))(``C2BHD]82J$DDQ

$.=+R@
M-716=



MDVK

-;5[



=C$:R-^@M:(







T#FZ

JCH7P$UA)9<%.WQK(@I&-9

!\=T4%^P2R^*Y'PMR;Q3YD=T1(
.%)HO@HK(R/V)[D\@DYO*ROP(
MCJ.RP.2FLC(_`D(BRP`E365E?@0O4%D0;DUEI7XTP'%$UEB0^\M/_*QBI?O
MBNBLC(_\K$Z$HQ5*BOS(Q^K:')37)D?02KARX`OFLK*_,C74.P3E`;
S_R

`YZ#M3JX\*!@'Q\SSY/
MQ_X*


MA\W6)F)@[T@

MPL!*XX]/J:$@
1_P'K6I#+Y$1(_
2VZH&\\_/\`M:1

3V=M;<W@Q[2^F
M%\;('E_,QHNW%V-CN7C[UISUA_WE_X`R?,;[%3PDO,,SU-FSWN&V&P/C:N_
MD]:#V-@8_
=LVUPG'R+X[)QJ@`W7


3



^WQ^-1STBN/AN)RU
EGL
M7UP<75Y\W_FYG-X6Z+2BIS^JO\P''\IA-9IU+[?
P4U+295KZ+1U;`JAM5T


M#XP]G@P@T8+.QU?3
5_W4
M5H7YW=E8W%_3;T6#GD^J^'/2+ZA


SF(?3
+D_72U&%4=[CI$
M`J:#&=1D*\:SVZZL^13S

M;??![Y
YNF`X**\&P\&
36HW.421?2AG@P_PQO)6%[=(^]JLFMP55Y-!_X;&
MXW(T+9:

M5@Z/CD\.3BZ?=_3(!3O/SNP;`^^O;39(#^2YKCD??`36E!T*E`S\ZIXMK&^
MP7\VBWO4]%2Z44`96'_]V\0BOD

MLV




R2S5ES9E&4];)K3#BU_56_]
/U'





&
[-`R&*N-V76.@^OG04X_:(K\J^X8`(
M;MJ_9T`C`(QO





G9X:]Z_H@)





84
MA?[]7/2#IB-*


*;O:H=@O+)KH7Z7G:5T6FVMTLK9+[F*!4V04
MG




BWI@H\)U$
MH2
]4_A#W3,Q<VDO+/IIH',3@O7B.R

)1-;2^@Z
U


M.S.8&D[

M7.%DDEN*8S

Z1002'J-Z9N6ABA[08



MNJ





M`





M

$RC
)1K-



M5*S.LA+R`HE-2#/J'([8&NV-FD#UFH1.JA0I`W%A($TV3/R:%?/=M55+UT:D

$Z


H4/C

MK
2/JS`%UR:6:X1L\9SLZ)XO:A15!$X
X!W:P)W/=G2.BBU]1N+BQ=:&:0TM

ACC#G

M%\F%H4^:SK8N:0@C?*43-@;JQ:JX@\2#]VHXW6QL#Z
=PLD5PXC8_2++W!

3NW_01^Z]*?YFK`

M?6/\U?5G[0;)H=+^V
SE-;DJMX


Q2H?;)@BKZ.

4

CHJ[MDZ'C1=
Q]=EQ^HF+!0LJ+/[BEIAUMC
MB%U7!BR/D3]4#^8@V;H;[9A;OLZ)8%TAO



M





@.'1OS(
ME0#UF7((ID@DQ.1Q29XA$ZEZ(2PFEP*BD!'65D3



ZEIHZ

MJY.&);+TGHU-




=_N5C&_;
50%VO-B
*RJ`!4

/5K\6%%)J\+4HBL[@CLP^6N'$4IUA*B&-)4YV




W8\@=7[0:!2C_:;#.A!4`
M:

M;;.DDK5%;8#$(9B=8T!'6#*$B'DP`^Q'=J\8ASMTLA`HYVFI(+8N9L&:9%O^

H-);HBU22F0


M0;0+_8H.:JS=,\#9$_*4;+`W6/C.5FG5'!P^X%#HQ3
B_6E+\P$:P?X_
H
M%(6!Z-[2OE?*G!@T&HS(2*#`(TIHH'@/VC\



Z5W-YX)8!;7RL%=O,D11$UM32E;S783`Z)A5LLL'-Q#U1!6S(

!L#5DH

VB


Y/(\TM[H
MY32%H[@IS@9\99'1DKUK$

M\P-B5Q:R0(WIP*YT-T1U8XS/+=[K+$0;]^SEWJYMW+



-.D*X\OY)@'`1KW'30G_B']0K
MZ=PB&=@.4&BT5939V@KR6
V


Y

V%

B[H%V!`_XIZLVV%T5S4H/UWD#L6+M.C@G9U$'N$4M-&`H



C(\)9[(0+_;]C16[PA2@ZRD31Q7O5!BCM




:OQ4G=
;Z0[IL-OV_:;D5:J-6RQ




FPZ#X&[VBZ&?(]&

Z+KGGW0

M@DA6+Y7*$S()(C*L(X=7H299:6TB8W!92(P2&WZRBE(J0BM:0X^WODEUU5



V4XH
F(*-[)Z==?9#.Y3CHKB#;6&

_*T4/.8




I7]+X=9

M*H`V%\*J090\


M)










MR+*/O24]/V7S^U-.*,FC(3;$M*E4[[5Y7H?_G\LWK]\GG?$@U=NZ5?VP^:






O+%@57X7XMQK@.=W

MM30O(;+C;`VJ&#O5A0B):%/5+:54D8&?:QU^=G#CDFCUO*FZ
&49;%*=QC8O

Z\.A
5TTPK7KY])&4C67Q(8N%)*W)2+DH2%3/*Y:O



.YA\]

M9..[$DTDROHVFH=T`#


75G*)0\6\@L?Z$94@8Z4TL



MH$TX`?WN;N5ML





:L@:`-




D$.8UT=\89`V`)\




9R%XG)C(R9Z]F*7





0ZUBP`.Q\S')(K2L
C[IK@51G4H-[#:L2!`G
M%=_ONB-.,XT6,E^[;EP#KP-H0=A+ETK$%#8A25$/$DR'7PBN&GO!&:2@CDR

`FBZ)R64/$D2\W
RGE:+&#Q(NG/0/
M+=4;I1&@AOEJ9DVJVE9C4YE
.\Y?F*H
M[OXGS2X#&7T`P;9;V$]ZR*K]CB

=:BX

M%H?\C6*0@4`
E$4+%0@]B]A)U:A:8K

M.K0(8`L*4P;8[AU!_:-C7C@\J4/)1`D6;HQIANCEJ+C#K)*#5.AK:?7D$F*T





UY';







S*&1

MW51CM8=J+&Z.0*5UJ-Q-PB$_9

M-'$]/







KA?/)<MIY13ED%

M



H+
AGKNBUK8#$+R^K7B9'X

M/E?YK6730X(Z-*:!BJZ;K/1%D[


6A/J^1+&$.2\Q


JV?XE1^J;?-(H+_D.ML`5175J0^\C9B=9W9=\MB+6IEX

^A*/RPW

T''[(N9/C9]-)XT;:3`;

M
8E
JR^*Y1$&IIIJP(3(SX[ZV1#
O`:@.:#0$-AH7RBB@[MMPNK-M]]8V-A]
X2J:JWN.Q-,HBA?=<'JLQ4`\`U)S:DZ0X)*?\*(2,&L%Z^
M@Z$N5J=!A&YN#J`['[V!$\V!(-1(%WS;J\7<6+ZQ#B


Y(=T\BDFAH*@B?T=B/_53:3_E
MK6Z(N;(#66'Q+Q-;/4M5)-];M[RIVE]<*RIWB7FD-OPUH:[HQ7-B=&9++38R
MQK#8I&0A:895B<B08ZCN'D6UE':#S%O7.X\FG`[#M.7)WHKC<[X2S0'O!
M3*Z4%PGW(X8WYO9`D3Z..HQA**-83G`V%]!H+C




*O




MWWSS7


MT;CJ&Q0?*'[!9QU@R/KFQB8UI+T@8UT#%4MJMTA`*%NC/%:]\E=8-$SDN'H9
M;Z!2_ZZ,XG%3?9V[\\R0\*!UT3[H4(ZLT#NMI=EAE+_]C#'R8?K$J7C$[&
M!CU.?


SN_3
M^BK.F$;WLD.+OJ]J.G%J`

=WVD+YN/Z
'53Z:X9.XLIR8F9I2/_$4%4U
NXA\%8$XWA](/WCOLQ
L
M3ZHB%&V4.8EI:Z9N@4(/N=(\?JQPO

MG)A`2
?&86R


%?A+UU@B+XR[&D

MSAXC^H

_/4*UC$DA

M`3U
%*

C\3S$
M.8D6C\-AN1ZHY1XDF/ZD/


8US.CX%3%*1VIZ*U`)-`R*&5X=[P^.7D;DAL*82




M]_KQL^

M;;JZ_NP?SZ[_6&7AA#A3


LR)

M



I)LVO=3



M=VL\^=+S_&BY4-&-'D*/8


H)Y4LX1=S_8WDB



.G)V@3;)@5)O(NELII!V2NOWB:H^ESM;JD3H5%:'*ZYJ#Z




&GT#'A+8.#4C^
MO0:7X-0D)NM(QJI[.[G)4W49


M.CG@WK9O45GD8VPOF&







MS4P_PH)W[X+V#DMH%%NH%@1\0Y8B`7/W++6_:`V%@

NT';1QHC<
M5
JZ'6ZVB(




R==8A6O;ELT%[;?


X&BG?9UQZLEG%?;

SILQ&?=-
M2+Q`779@VO3]H9G&2VA^RR48BZS+)OG!%JJ.YM@Q!_LH/
XP+.:5_:+[/8_T



M5J

WC

'J+






BWR30+GM7!1IC:BI6FJ5+TN%QJ%Y.T
-=[T%6D5I:*W)PS

-\KCNRQNNL._JA'RY(]7KSD<'*IP8RDF\1(V\'G4OX2VEIK[^D
M+F*.D1G)0O+2*9/'8T







M]!H*
W-%R\H25NUQ*&6A
;6$QH7#Q;VC6]&X=#XKQI5##-
*GG2#A/!).'+K

V7H

MZ]Z0GMU=FH(JZX](P:J@/S:$Y$#-7&%:E&1]0$Z3+0!RCQL]]H[\6HN_N_W9





G7$=/K(M]U37M9V<\;HV5W(IO4X]


S_;#71EZ4AW/JMG-R5N_!!;M
MM%V]

4^X(G4SY*]5QLYOS:R[L

M9Y2F-%QP
/W-J#J;\OH1@I!UOEIRG3


MDPB'TZXNF








M::ZCRQ
M+S&*F6B[DA4I\0L

@R-[-!2GL0HB-C&]9V\&!6HK
MV7TYZ6)-RB8Y&S
V(B]/*8*(@$H/P&1R)`UV#3-:.*YG#+-E.





O75P
IA\T3]\!5##&HU1XU#MMF\LT

\

X$?1^.SMZ/AXS:L'C/YP=FH_;$]SFB=
TQUE?#D;G[2_


MXO4F
L@








M6`W3&V94!P1

M=%5NZ.$3A5Z1L#JBA



M6OG;M#$?M7V8C6%5


VK[2*H
/I%
M:1#1_-U@BID)')]X



MXG6U57W[[5/C6[D3V@(R/#-R1I$DD
$M!W`:[@499;AB@IGDO!F0_D$W3][S
M6^8*2@23H7IE.'*


G:F'$-@T)]F9X&;T\JR%
GOH8M%H@%4E
M??[3S?#
F(!I8J`.J#




TEY$M=$ZPK+9A!GRWRM%-93[T@]_^[7`BZKR]-
:


MKR=7U;




T#FV=$
M5*$IM4U<?%(=:^%$O&RHL\'T<CQ[&W%<V]C%ZQ<3PH-6




M\'A=*!4/YZ-;H*;9J;5AO!?E2S#R&I_S7
#%#(#`)IV1=Y.)06W*:G[Z'05;
M+(0
0O7P;W_]/V&S__;7__O(UJLG&K/]7?%R(E7H3`XWXUVBDD8$@
%85!*V




Z
#$

M]D59(H8_CFB3*71ZZ0OH88XHEAB&O1HQVF+`N9J[_/JQU=_^?/CXQ?5#X/A
MV/,ODOKH1H1M3O&21:9,U$&Y&=]A$X4(4NH43IM9AL3]9SS,32+`VV45#+
M2T1A&^@QQ*LT'U^!2HK=H\TXD^ZS$+0GXV4ZLH4/:!'B_*C0V/N)QPP]*V`




MB6;B1*&XRKTUSQ]C

M:)@3R]N`P8K1\

M@^O(])3]LEF'%9T$0'%KDZ5T
*?.#D*DT25`0TA]CFI.-H;4@?(XME8!3P8Y
M



%BN#09;\=




)B8LKI][NH9/W7THA[
MNDMKB8/#3P&$!#B6-LR9NT


M:]BSJ8%?V:`MN+TVGX):V^S:M@W)NPKZ%'TK7TU'1_\^Y=D6`Y.T+0ZVAJS`


*M


^



M^O*
`[C#ZL?OO_02)(@:#C'3/)VCN12Q40`H=OAQ







X$09K/;)



*%HO





M(AJ^Z9=BW1




)45MY]POWJC;`L
M^`5CF2@#R':2(5X1^



CXB*W`S+3@C[Q;-UY--ON3'+%
M



M!LQ9AP*#-W`B:$+SV4JWD+Z5HS#7$]QX0G-V.=C03+;LV6T_#XQF*B'B

M

NZ-^@*'\`IZ$%J9:G3RR/!C
M$\'A(CYE
)V-D&JR#T;E1'@
IPM6?W


M-!7EPB&F`PO/&D

M;-9:_3?:R_X++G_E)#&:PB
(

M?AS/33Y\N16G#63M1J'1_%='X3ZZ?X`XCN?IEO&@HZ#BA[_$!LHY5&([]`TS
&WYB\_V5WZ1PM]NE3S@<&JA(2



MB8L(BI$XG$


]I2'GP?L-WHI[*@%

O
I7L(5^CV[G/L!G]SZ*?2U$9!





MT
#I4_:_R-03$C\T^C;:P8:DI3(KRR.M!2**0S(@5:(T[_)S'MK0Z[
(S[CD
ME1FO;[314!J[H\37M.Q^19B-*APP$(O`ESOS60!*+A?S6!\H)8N+0W/TZZ\'
M+F4)#X[1\WR:CU*@INN+E]NPWB:R(`[O%.@D3)J5@_YUL_GM]N--LSN_^`32
MN#MF$VK=-%)OE81^)*W+OA[].9;L(#T#R_;+E%Y

U*W&X+5Q


M0W6WDBYE@[;_H&!V;7=MG\63[:7GH?.,@7SA$B65A]V&65VLFO!KF/O%[+



M4RUURF;T?C@F%6C2'=L%Q_VDX




M?=GDLMS@J:N1X#'Y6R0OY5O6.\:`4W*E3C6_2KE0
S\\9.M\M9^PR8RE6S



MHV-_^


.^46:$S%=/^^K:F
M=P1M*KVC=?K4J7A./#L.SKZU8^\(2I.BSE3T\&XY4M1.MK/!C'S./+70.X)&

ML/6TPFXVWD\$IZ8MMK--;+%M/:L^C;:.Z%`^%+AF5=/DBJ-V6TU'.MB`G)H4
MSH&+4T5GNU)T?`\S@L


6Z'7$$4C%;K11:A(E1L@VUGXF/MY.





MRD6UV[6-MJJ9K_B(/!2T6#E*(L3@/7T;;(3(#NY:WHOFXQ*$2`H5=Z%)63#E
MT(J-/4

B^:#\C2]%<\2I$R('VHQ_!0K_.$9MO[E]`*J$
M6,GXUM3U^!-!\F`M1.:OV/(30E8N'B15!\7R]HJ*JABC3^@C`*Q(''H\O-.
M-`C1CJM\R_.Y4)N('@D`/1
H)(7?=]4:R`JCFMA3Y+(=.AJ0\/^+3=5RAS;#

4SO
MF[AV
@&/+Q4K?&9`N:R])^9?E9R\#PK/(ISE`E]U@6Q:)

MC1&6RU@YQ-_&U\C`5[(N5QP@CX]R!I(U!L5#-]W.!K=%K;T9JO
'?-G+T-\Y


;^%V#0&]1C8WFLOOWWT_;M[\V^GK)_M'


6Z$R4!RYV?/P6Y
MDL4JW#`(BUVL^P4L):@CHIR9




NDYED@UW?#L\J

SWBKBYN'7J8%
M+K^U2L*5^K/OS;\3^%%YIM04%%_9Z2P






M
UH\SHB=[QKRG?U^[

LE=&O

M``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#)[\==$0




U:LO1?B?!O5Y\_+?:
/XF*$.F!0RN6?B5E-P]#



)HHIYS5``?7D/5TH*X!?]

@'JBQ]+]\)R9I_1J0SZDU&!Y
QT!_NCX/I9!(G
MT_2L2VB(=(+W6.+5@K.]!ZL&GBDZK-8@FH.SRFP
]?DX
TA)Q=RI(!T*:@'M


M)!N46'#)-7!*[



BYX;6R4





MO(+!R\GHSV



M8;`B


D`0C%B5^_;




T!&-(N(71&*
M$6$P)'&F6'T5OCW-;$1]8DS(KV=*H/AZ8F7%EX@A)A[U(,OMO)@I<D$EYMI]
M7D9;;ZX@@4KL\HI9Z:X)0Q.G7-T+SRZB)'M'J,0L=1_1?BIC5KQKPBS+)&.
M!%'


M'3


MFNG49M^/WBPI%U


*%AU`B
MB825'C]\LSJ!G'8IZ11TPB#Y*2($[XMK@!\:K-:@405=^M.6S$@:J[2[
A




MQY\[N-ZNX78Q6@!XV[;#VX.YF#U?F#_^#P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`
M5F;







O



%4X^-O'C_];

MM_7^\P_QF

1C\NX_]W_^^\./7W[Z[M7E


MQN7UM]_\*U:4/QQ#=X9NK]_4


Q.!U4SV0\X/V5./^`B




MTJ/MO

Z&ZCI6-#L^\KM'%N:I7([CU;U.G_LCUW-SI4_


_]L?6UG_&F_RQ/U8W2^6/
M_;&_62I_[(\EKJ8NSF.P-BO&TY07S(I%.NZ85F;I1N


MV.?@D(.4(+A+R$O82^A+^$L(3!A
*$PX3$A
6$QH3'A
B$R83*A
N$S(3-A
MZ$SX3%6AM8+&[8


S!*@?K'&QRL
W!
M+@?['!QRD!($F:E)YJCS+#RA+^$O(3!A
*$PX3`A
6$QH3'A
2$R83*A
N$R
M(3-A
Z$SX3





$P83A
.$Q(3%
MA
:$QX3(A
F$RH3+A
R$S83.A

G
VVLQ!
M*P?M''1RT
U!+P?]'`QR

S!*`?C'$QR



$H
M!^



M
&$PH3#A


J$RX3(A
V$SH3/A
U6%UFH;





H7
?`
MFNIZVXLM4-4=T4^4O-PQ5?W%;^S,R,IYURA3Y_'0A+0@;4@'TH7T('W(`#*$
MC!CR`0RA<P@<\@LH2L(&O(!A*OB<SFW1UD#SE`HM+YB:+2(+5&I4DI-BI-
M2K51:5+*C4J34F]4FI2H]*D5!R5)J7DF
I`^9``90D:0



MZF2=;^UID6D?27D/[;*XY9W=\^YP3!?2@_0A`\@0
H*



L)*J-[W8]5-M^A//O
M-0EG#SZ^VN'_Y
M\%WQ1A=9PW/2(M

M;!;R`ZRAQP@4?'\H8^*@YHB/4?%.;`C4FU,YARHW)C,2:DW)G-2H[)G)2*






Z!



0;QK12JOQ=CD]!IO]$)*L_$6+J1T
[8JJS
M^!.5+C?1Q_IJG?4\_UL%_E6FR:D!6E#.I`NI`?I0P:0(60$&4
`LF4LJ--U<B
MI=ZDWZ@T!VHX*DU*QTG)46D.5'/2<U2:`S4=E:ZDZI6.M76MTL7_!FS=7%8

8&3TFU
X*2T
M&Q


H*






MR``RA(P@8\@$
H7


Y;?;N-5*
=0=;+.-^&TR+0A'4CW2

($/(









3DK+
8.3TG/







7WK`
MJ';`

.D+CH
MY*
F-4



EX@Z*15'T4DI.8I.
?'3A+0@;4@'TH7T




.D*ATKC`J#5)K5)J48J/2I%0;E2:EW*@T





J)Z7IF







5T$N:@?P











M58K^]++\NCB



W:24'7
W*77'W$U*X3%WDU)YS-VD


M6F
.)Z78F
B8






H7

MV%B6DU)M+

M9`:90Q:0)60%64

MJ3OI.RD\:3RI/.D\*3UI/:D]Z3TI/M7

M=;T[IJI-S_?7M

MADP@4\@




H2
(&/(!#*%

M'60/.4BTKGJ#1(K3%YDU)L/-
FI=IXIDU*N?%
FY1ZXYDV*07'
VU2*HYG
MVJ24'
^T2:DYGFF34G0\TR954UVO=+'AI5KI9]XM+_?)5&?K1Y;E^6::YDU.


H9

M2!O2@70A/4@?
H`

LZYF[.H^V8NTGI.^9N4AJ/N9N4SF/N

77N=1/2@K0A
M'4@7TH/T(0/($#*C$3R!0R@\PA\@2LH*L(1O(%K*#[$'2#2]%'U6&$T'


U&Y
W*=W&

M9R[+RWTRL2QXJ/8CR_)\

H`
(2/(&#*!3$SR!RR
M@PA*\@:LH%L(3O('G*`1+-S8=%LD%ICLB:EV)BL2:DV)FM2)[F_OU)7=A2=

_/[

M^K1NEN63DS


=MK#9`MM&=E7-MRZT
ZRX9;*WK+AEFKM[N=7ZG:;




$.#[9XL



M#+I4-IU!E\JV
^A2V7@&?:*:#SJS^B6#7I?-#[%LOLZ?^'PWBJ:#GF1;FJ7(

MRS_'1[FLYG5?^\]J7BHG@-6\5
X`JWFIG`)6\U(Y!ZSFI9HE83[X=2@F!__Y
YE+9

M^+OQ(



M@_[\1^+OQN
UTT%G69Y_ROM!]3376R+;(DN1'9%=D3V1?9$#D4.1(Y%CD1.1


#K

P??Y)OCF=HID_RQ4)OV!Y4



MN16Y$[D78:33
$9::
O(OC+2NM#.
M)2V5M&6BJ[RTA+97\9::GL
,ME3UF
MI*6RRXRT5/:9D9;*3C/2$]5\I.O8RW2D7_:;7


Y%+D0N1:Y$KD5N1&Y%[D3N


M%8L-OY5S`IA[?25G@+F7RBE@[J5R#IC[B6H^]W409CKWSSS*QW
SLWGW^[;)


NE1WF23ZJ
MUF_E7N5O)6







M)!M9:2ELK&
M%2VEI&6RN8RTE+97D9:*AO
M2$MEBQEIJ6PR(RV5;6:DI;+1C+14





M2&5C:1*I;U-(I7-I4FDLKTTB51K@]=;]V^_BX-A+!G&B]:*5V_B+P&Q_==M
MG0J8WZ?C=?YE1P)WN\]=]$Z(^MO;_%=_.I%WO[-[V&%


\Q!$&=1A

MF)9#'BHA$(A*1B$`D(@^)B$
BTI(,0BXF(0B*2
MD(@@)('B8A!(E*0B!`D(@.)B$`B$I(`3_T240)*(!$ED*A*0(P2$*
$


M%HE(12)D8A,)(2B4A$(@*1B#PD(@Z)2$


RHHI*(I0B*(G(22)BDHB4)(DB<A((B*2B(0D(B)


M:IT@79.!6B=

3]GDI@\29_O=U:-BN!R5&F\2=Z


M3Z0KHE#K0^D


FP7I&L]KLR!=XWIM%J1K?*_-
M@G2-\[59D*[QOC8+TC7N5QE(U_A?92!=DX`J`^F:#%093'11!G4B:EH&SVT6
MQA-4SVX6\J`5F4A$)!*1B$0$(A%Y2$0<$I&&1(0A$5E(1!02D81$!$1.4A$
M#!*1@D2$(!$92$0$$I&`1`0@$?XGH@0240*)*(%$50)BE(!88W@M$*1K+*\%
M@G2-Z;5`D*ZQO18(TC7&UP)!NL;Z6B!(UYA?FP7I&OMKLR!=$X#:+$C71*`V


K&Z1KO*_-@G2-^U4&TC7^5QE(UR2@RDZ)@-5

M8G1J=&:T

MQG5*P+K&=TK`NL9Y2LZQGM*P+K&?4K`NL9_2LZ)@&4@'5-!BB!J2Y*H`XH
MY8K@^3^)NUB


^+`^L:\WEQ8-UJ


M
HI



M!:0F[TIH$I&9W[\-`9H*^#+QT^JD*6]*I22B4A)1*=
[-[]'A(+)B^H%I1@%











MWUC7F
_G-]8U]E






M$$23U'FT;)(7G#G?&

I&(20B$8D(1+RD(@X)(-B0A#(K*0B@D(@F)*(-$Y`199(
M
DA$&22J


BLI(*0B8D(0B)RD(@8)(%
MB0A!(C*0B`@D(@&)$`B_$]$22B!!)1`HFJ!
0H`;'&\H!Z1K+JP2D:TRO
M$INL;U*0+K&^H!Z1KKJP2D:\RO$INL;]*0+HF`%4TC41J!*0;AZ*($Z

1`0C$;E(1P2D8I$A(1F4A$)!*1



$%``&``@````A`&B1
MM_NWYK7__KU\?OK








I#J=U5W3=[[Z-A$!*$%)T!(B;&$1$(J(9.02R@DE!(J;4$
MXX`703/A.2.=M2'R^8PZR\;303B9+7NBIP(.KCI3J;SN3A)!+(^E*`D:`F1


M!=%
Q;T@3KM:M*




.C2$1)(8DD!2207)(`2DA%:2&

M)(5DD!Q20$I(!:DAQA4_G'9=ZH;3'D'+H^WC]M8G%J!WLB-@J]RSG+


MI808I7IQKT-W8NFD^ZKA.B2W':

M;+0](&?5MLI-I1LW2(:$*(@NA?O_:F5%?=3B_Q9`$DD(R2`XI(6D@M00
MXXJ?5'-B^H6SV:PM1W=-SJIMU9#'!A)`0HB:O=Q.%V
K]9B-EBA#$Q)(&D


DD
*2`FI(#7$N.(G]6N]@_8Y6)SE[L0:
M96VKW.-(=A



MYL%C_RG7%,R2`XI(6D@M00XXJ73?MLYB]DLR\7*Y^I?



3NC_MO'W9_
M`DDA&22'%)`24D%JB''%CT@V#4Z
:*1Y


M!=&0!)#$D@*R2`YI(4D`I20XPK?AJR/7#B$=









M)P'KT^NNRDU*2H:$*(@&A)!8D@27MQDL)J-.NKAJ3D^RA04T(J2`TQKOA)


M.:2`E)`*4D.


8J1!P)MMMLI-I1LW2(:$*(@&A)!8D@27O9/^`F_^G;


)(%$030D@L20!))
M
7_;C_S:!K7)2

:[X234[


M!LDA!:2$5)`:8ESQ4SFO.[#L5OE'%CFVRDT%W0'4A!`%T9`($D
22`K)(#FD

M4D@&R2%%+^Z

\'#:;9J.%HV




@EIZMR0Y(2VT--2%$030D@L20!))
D@.*7KQ+CGB



MT9`($D
22`K)(#FD@)20E)#CM^*F.]@_9^ZI$YW$F]@QO9*=A``D@(41`-






M5-`30$T(41`-B2`Q)(&DD`R20PI(:D@M95NPK:8S,5\R;@C_(S:1;J[SOGY
M[.RN6]-[5YRI_%=FU[;*S:8;-TB`FAB(!H206)(`DDA&22'%)`24D%JB''%
M3Z-=G+MIG+;JO.O6]$=F9[9JR&`#2`A1$$T)(+$D`220C)(#BD@):2U!#C

MBS=?&YXN\Y




MS./9*A[S9+9*QCR=K=(QSV:K;

M?



WCV3$F6,48V<Y'__VN[32E9)V2EX!S
MSSWGGNMKL[S9RQ9MN39=05.HA@CWC%5B6Y=X%\_'ZZN

(-

M9`\4*]$*^^))

M=TQ


M6Y?D4P%M8#.V91+G\R790@O9`71WDJ/`+JQQ)`=EC_Z4=&$K$:`]C8_$
MOKZ[`

H2#9);-)A\T
M=G:)I`
/)
)?VW@T\'AZ





MT!5)(YK-JR$R&@Q])@C;J@R9*&H5C=ROBE$T&TQ=3=*F80ZEJ)G.FW-WNDNM





MBJ\WN*9;N:ZI]87MGPLC(K89
*U62W\RG[


02`0D!I(`22EQ





E]XM\40Y4$2$J)XY/?EJ//
MK\Q5
_!!(`$4`D
MD!!(!0&D@!)*7'M:$O
%RPUK8&9[^X^C\=+(`$0`408%$-3$_GK$5.JX_

B.G9


MJ!E&/

VX6-H


WOA5517R`5



M_42N/JWJ@(U-Y@%;\SCA/CN^9
MLMRLZZ_Q=/SSKJ915T_K!WJ]^]6AN_8%Z

$%``&``@````A`#[5P='I

MRN;VI6VL9\(%95V&/-M%%ND*5M)NGZ$_OQ]O$F0)B;L2-ZPC&7HE`MUN/W_:




MMIN20@4J=HN3*D-WWCI/D;/=Z'S^4G(4D]^6J-GQZ?E=]H1!NF24W`CK$G



MOCVH:VGXM[#]#P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`B:%/\FD#``&@``&0``



M**M3VT.N;9$Z8SFM-ZG]^]?C9&9;0N(ZQR6K26J_$6'?+#]_6NP9?Q9;0J0%
=NH*AW?=6.GPK2VM<.<
M7^/!BH)FY)YENXK44IMP4F()_&)+&]&Y5=DU=A7FS[MFDK&J`8LU+:E\:TUM

L$(BL'
TZ&G-B9



&MG!1X5\J?;/^5T
U6PG!'4)$J;)Z_W1.10:)@@_Q(.66L!`#X

JQ1*5:WRB6U
M8;9#$0*&YV7IN5&P<%X@T^P@NGM'9I6G4(-!?#UD%#Y$/+]U#L6)58L:A04
MW)U^`-X]G#_J]QU%TDL




MF@-CB*9&5$G\





P?^;2='






/B!H&MT
M(_,MFZ!^?V




M5;O;/A/B)&@`I]@SF?G[O1=CQS;;+7D)X7)\?'RN[P5O/KW7E?=&6UZR9NN3

^95?:P)






MO%0$PQXU+(HU:^=(*A%SO9C



M37ET6HELX68G(6XKZ3&R8J.0.`O(]/.[.
G:V6F+P[X\7ISLXI8XIXNE1&(L
M]]R*T)B[0#4*(K9`;

._=V(R$*@P=X%&Q!8(*WU`(*+M

=E*W==#!RFD:*7Y2P$N@4]^9QMP%
MJE$#@=BSQPN4'=X2Z!1`2HRW0%?361]9=/UF%I)PY6R+O3G&3CVZ_'R9'.W


M3@%\8DRH&[12'XQWWP```/__`P!02P


V%'VOU']`O&_`
MAH0D2K*:




M-ZA+JC';6PSI(^(K0I83Y+4:(6NFQN'*7:5(L)0B*RFU;7$`N%MMU(H[@%BT
MD)X2R-!X)1(
W6($CDC0\J(XQ(2MVM@8Z$4.'XDLP6L7EM4N.2)3*S)B9JI8

]I-]T3-
M^J)D2P=@&_?;1KYDB[.2LD7
'./;S8N3JI(]-='_42-?LM7


M2Y;1L2@+
2AK[ONV*G-Z&OAAUYB];!%HI/'I4NB^
*

J$MC4%@8DINMJ`&W
MG46D7XXNG4+WM434:N*M!AE^9([T


%Q8'R%Y

9H1]N+RA.5!S5K?`L7





M_P'Q7HQS@02%5$U0=ROM2JO57IX=



MT^;
Q:
L*%4.


M%`=6

MMIN


M*2\A`/AU*J8[`P0ASV8]LTP5L3L/O&7HSS'`G0.5ZIYI2M=)3U+QZJ\%X9;*
MDLQ:$EA;DAGV\
(/-

+KCHO6$=;NPI478G\]?]L1


M_FJ#GJ!N:8O960R\NAXS&R/V'4(72=


AU337X=?3S
*0:#-6_7+.;6/832S*TC%0K8=W_^<#TBQC
M^29UVUD,'G9(B^U
QVR[T'](QI:;.1VEMHQ4%%QI'M:EM))^4G/R3ET5V^U


MBC=FD!RX@F%K_A;P;:7P!'T/P#GGJMO`Q:C_6F__`0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`


RYX



A)&P]H`*S2.


M!$@*)+

U5()$B
M

ID7XAI;2Q'RPEWE+9&QE%F.V(AH0W8#DF/=I^C'9I
MS+5K8FD'$BGB/[3QB8$(Z)6`30HDLWLQ51Y5N[?+:JRY+H/LA/G+!8]S:*SF



MJCV!'1-CU75

MNB

&<JG$M21K$P4(D0Q(H$H090BRACBDF5)9:7ZBF15@+$U8M=DS5TP
M]`!%B&)$`E&*$64





MW2;#A5

M[M*2'A9`TMIRPIXB
$];*Y/:2/NR=O










M5JJJ7IX=



;T1!B/2`H18)*J1L

*V188CY-1PLSVE*
MGEBZK4@M#0DG)9:0ORAH(SJV*KV&KL)\LVWN4E8U0+&B)97OFA1Y51J_K&O&
IGW8&?
MW




'+0@H




MY#`^CI=F\OOV%YB\#5Z3'YBO:2V\DN3`.1Q
P3
WL]M\2-;`-H7YRR3
7/U:
MP'\L`K-H.`!PSICL/J!ROOW7MO@/``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`I-%GU

CU5Y^V7`QWW#VNVW0G?[1=P?]SOSE5=O30WY&[)XK'O)PL)^3I\?YY

X[Y_3_:DDM2E.+`)?
MJNHK







P-$UQ(




K$Q.(\0#X@,)@(1`(B`QD`1(B0#D@
I
M5*))R
I6]8;K\B+*K'4).9G1-4U9

M18AB1`FB%%&&*$=4:$@/`L9/K\TL'+75)DC=7WMK!3D(O(0^8@1&B%&


5RA

MB$)$$:(848(H190ARA$5&M(E9;6!*BG?E[EAFV[-VW[W=5W1ZDRG^\#M@T/[
M+]VN#*\P-*4[Y/3B;]@&%%M()'([M)`A\A#YV#'HD*VO\[?ZZ1)**Y$!$:(8


_K%$WX#DE)-Q8@MT.DLM3/FAHWT9ZT$L?LHZ]`6DE?CF/L'H72


M0VIX`+D61UIXG)FQ*^1)*S%UOT/*2A9(*T6&F5'(A])*^(K05RRM5%]&VB32


ML9X;J]E&6
D[8+=#
[6CM326+D]8W;9/W:SEDBX^QI+DH_-`=+OH/!16=/XI



M[2
48ZHT)`NZ75U.+NG-7E2'],-3=JA$W7
M47GLXB+R$/F(`D0AH@A1CA!E+*$.6(@WI*K
R]^]9.;H:6ETY.#)6#J.P


MV+V53%Q`'EKYB`)$(:((48PH090BRA#EB`H-:2JS-]JN4+DUUR]Y'6KW@;EK
M_GXV?S?T6)Y?RTUY.-2C7?6-O7L]8S54C_F+X6O[;L52@2(`+4MJ60ZVV-32
MAAOZ.-32[F%`RXQ:VJERYQ:VMUF:+FEEK:8AI8%M2R&YD:3'IRS-5VQQ[8#
MQVG1N_'T]'&HA8Z3KQ3F^!8=)]],,5ML\D;%$WJC5_?!C5CPP_8KYG(0YR&





M

MP_J@]+TIA;`$&!J3T-+:-F;

(RLV5HX4WO_2C`.!D)XR]E4A)2;HW5M5_'*AS
MQ!Q7E]H-MWRSUNI`H-^`-BW'Z0EB('XY%T@L5L$)Q3F$60
%/!A$\V7:_8`
MIM




M=31[V1&LS(GRVY8Z]#
U)$CHZ(MR*]3MJ5KH0GP2565(JO:X'D/8/$-T6-W;

MNRWAYRE@^_@X]+E2]O@`RFSX'6_^`@``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`5_GQ







[*U/GPQLOPF6P%A0YM\`S9:[SST


MOS_0-?X?71X\U`6W1\\;=45
'G1=I7E&\R%@/01
9_2=8:`
YOGRQ#SX5-E)




BYX;6RL

3J.`]O=/?WV4Q1)

AX/=Z_;XL']]

M;Y^VQ\








JZELPV=*W)I
ZGZMDX!I(`28$((!)(
M!B0'4@`I@50N86+0`[6'&


.%
OAAJC)H:
HTGS

:+$5G1E-;Y:)-!*&D0=62\:QH$WJ6:M@54A



K6;G-O3%6V8NV+:T^-


N




7REW37PRC$M9M!;A@A2AE
MB`0BB2A#E
J$)6(*H:X


PDB%)$`I%$E'*$16(2D05
M0URL?NGW!--O@]PP0I0@2A$)1!)1ABA'5`J$54



#_YO)X9J(G;'XL:T8F$

!PUJ.\U?X1L#UFG:


2^;:
1%7\!`U%9.!R:FHH-2B]P^U17IO.MJNUWW


MXCJJ/*]'A)FTT(TPC5B$`4IH&:G&L6.5(A*()*(
48ZH0%0BJACBRJA
T%6F
MC;!?/!9UNEF\Y%&,TH2G,=BN\W/+CSMEVC6YCS1-,A]L!*$*6(!*)*$.4
M(RH0E8@JAK@R77GLE&#/@QA5Q7NH&,2'O/_:MQ:-4

D0YH@)1







M4?
C1_=_`@``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`IK(.O_P%```P%P``&0```'AL










MU0])321UK7SMA[;YAQI93(J*V$P$GDS$#A;VTK
\_Q

M\/A4P'+T!YY
)/B\2
!$X/GC
5Y*;NS8S;N%((](A$B,2()
M(BDB&2*Y20_81





T#
MN5;







M3:48


17Q!(NG''THGC$K+FZ:
M2P]O-^+

T?BJ3)7IM1R]H6FJ[E3MJ\NEU\KVE5RY



7[%L&





BI)8C`3&*R0W%&VF-3M.:3





`$A0B*$Q`A)$)**B&0H'OW&TJ$94




2XQ9$@;]C7E
M*O3:+/;T)FF%!!]]LHMHXR0Y@T%CS+8]IY(A5
H9I4(FY=##Q35=2^F/(\P3





A
MAB(
Q1A*



0^6LS'LST#S[*





MTU5H&FV7G??9J3X7&_-GT9I?'G[]Y?ZM;I[;8U%T!E@XMQOSV'67.\MJ\V-1










M
VXS




MUNZ*HO
@PJ%=^+NN.S[

M








VI_8[G^[G_5-C)\*AOC(#S$G?N!6#+!R`4I&+H`P3G#ZP758
Y
M


%
I4#UZ'


2X5@


MX)XP(%-H4/!




;3:G&K
W

MOV^]O'[1I^\23DZ&J\


6T!0ZUB4FC=1(ZC
MDH)55-FB837\D@E940V/
G=4(QE-VT55Z?BN&SH5Y34Q#)&\A4-D&4_8DTBV


M%RL$!QFY)EL5DY46/WH0X

!B=WF/@@
MS%-=Q&02VM.9._$`;JV9TL\






MIFAHSGY0F?-:627+@--M@Y+FKC$/6C00--P70L


9J[N'1ELRU5O*\.Z1KED31G&FN&AH84GL.ARD*

;H%BJVKEGSI22K1([\K&
M6+ZMP?=C/./BF;M[.*+72ECC3.$G0


M&=3.5T8P*F-5
)7K$!C*)&_+3



MA]W3W5;PJY'PL48X&X4Q_OD!A%G_\UK_`P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`




M;+EXU\TG2W_4KS2#=0@7G[%9MSKM#RYC2WR./-15;(G/




)*








MHF!!`

M2#

=*

MEV9D&%E&3B`9\BCE-&7E%)$H*2LG]E*
-/#R#)R`LGXO'XIKD)GWV:G00B5
M%ZB(JA.X7F[*7JFT/2/%2#,RCPC)Y#
QBA1Y9?UJZE!1*+:+*K82S'2C`PC
MR\@))./S^J6J=K=XM\(AOGR_O_O]9H^;)RY+C1-[AC7RX2;S:1I$D*AT1

S



9:
:)2.#'J&2E&FI%A9!DY@61\7L05%WM_]L[PY@/PR/5D

M
U*

M1/ZCN
_6L]GLE;+0
U*


MY]CLE?IRHB^9G%$B:\XB*Z$R]$KHSYZ8=:9CDDQTMR782_+R(F&
KY1(FO.





GD
S&*(DY9XD941'
EE'/
M2#'2C`PCR\@)).


4I0+5I01B5H'KP+U[*48:4:&D67D!)+QC5*4U:4
M$56G;[ULE[UR24-?:)B08B_-R#RC)Q`

=*




M0#(;H\38DL581*+:+



M8JD347F38-0S4HPT(\/(



?9:Y9;$56G;[VFEKURK5ENL9=F

M:M=K:MGK6&U&BI%F9!A91DX@F8U1:FO#:BNBLMJ

MM6&U%5%UL:X7SK)7+BFK+?;2C`PCR\@))$

D&&E&AI%EY`22\8V26QN66Q%59W]OI6]<DE9;K&79F08649.

P56[(J,:/4%_;&H(<3B15'NVTP1!K:%GZ(E!@B)89(B2%28HBT9%6DE0[S
MBYQGS+Z2NTQ*KZUPMBA5M1_]=S`HQ9(48LD(
62&&K)2LRLHHJ=9-6*LE

M_V/3Q)`58L@*


00/#$$7[(J
M^%%ZKINPH$NL5'0-ADA#V\(/92:&2(DA4F*(E!@B+5D5::7L7G]XTTU8OB4F

G@`RN.=MNE/??S
MU]6PRS_Y(5)BB)08(B6&2(DATI)5D7KE

M0_#DA^)(7AB)X8@B]9%;P7
REXN+UQ*8O;Z*/#-%#Q4PY1#WD4.@\_[A9^


TP$VJUF_AV


NY&,JW;LT0:/;5H6M
$#CX9E@[1C\;]E0=*Q



ML'1H`Z71LJ`-?NNF94&D^)68E@7C(.R/5
?381S@MT9:;3`.\)

M0=

TMN#7?3^U^`V*
MW*XQRM7HY\8/RP;_-+_^%'\]N
X[BMBLH3_]&SW=^`MM@V.C^&N_#3S'AFW?


M
(BP

PP@;.

MRN$?+W''Z
_[%_P&
C0Y?@L7/WJ]PQ;A$_\E^*_[_4OZA_\#QY_1_OC_`@``
M`/__`P!02P

M971S+W-H965T

X$H;O%]AW



/U9M]/?'O_YC_N/YORM

MP]QSG&A^W.Q/4ZFP.M^BT3P_[[=UVFS?C_6IDR+G^K#IH/_MZ_ZMU6K'[2UR


M-VWSW


/]N?F8
MP'R%X6[?-F+VNRO0T#DE?1RR[,^2#+)+B'P1*@]3Z#PD4`LSX_MC&[NY]\A


KH6/BJ#3R85$Q1I&#C9+!:!A=


M

\QPWP=


MNG@@(ARAQ1X7B0.&/3Q\HF5]9)L`?J?JPULA
CC$AZ)]K*2BB-Y*E$E':9
M0MZRCXV_7#IDC'/=R.@4&AF=$NMX8;`D_:ETHUX'QT;410V;OC)=48463:


MDJ

+^_1V5I


%;Z;B65IA6E
M:3(NC(



D^#.J.-XO(6:$R
MS6Z)G:CU;H^=K`Q1QBF$
XZL$XDW6&E74H50QDDKE7$D'+G1&/=+!8W=J50-
+
M#Q

M1#K'9@&IFW(C
^Z:2K.A2_IFI6HX*


HX*CDJ$((A\.N



M

M/OX?``#__P





'??CU

M'__G7][__OGZV3Z\_9I/]^'-IW__V^__\O;CA]_Y%']^_^O[+__Q_$E??//A








M2%I))^DE@V243*F$8/.




K:DS]:;!-)JF0+'?_+Z\H-_R-IYWC]=K]-/\3G*Y;
E/VX_Y





M:DQM:;.

M]+LYFCXW//XH7C[/GRDNGY6RY9/]VN_K_=1V6TT74V6J38VI-76FWC281M
4



MZDV#:31-@6+2LN5SX^6S4KB27CX^=3%5IMK4F%I39^I-@VDT38%BOWE^%%S)
M9:V$*[D-F.1*/N5/=FZV4_N5%%U\JC+5IL;4FCI3;QI
HVD*%).6+9\;+Y^5

K:DS]:;!-)JF

M)?

O563S9J5P)9=39U]
MZF*J3+6I,;6FSM2;!M-HF@+%?O/&^/KWDO/%R_MM*R5]+YD_V%D_,3=/O!Z

MNRN;-\_'X[Q9:7[5V']#^5/^]&8_=:U\-EU
E:DV-:;6U)EZTV`:35.@F+1L
MWMQYWJR4ODJ:SJ:+J3+5IL;4FCI3;QI
HVD*%/N5S9L[SYN5LBN9/[W93^U7
MTO/&IRI3;6I
K:DS]:;!-)JF0#%IV;RY\[Q9*5Q)SQN?NI@J4VUJ3*VI
_6F
MP32:IDQ7]F\N?.\62F[DOG3F_W4?B4];WRJ,M6FQM2:.E-O&DRC:0H4DY;-
MFSO/FY7E?2\\:F+J3+5IL;4FCI3;QI

D?2^Y4G8E

M*R7W[[7I;+J8*E-M:DRMJ3/UIL$TFJ9`L5_9O+GWO%DINY+YTYO]U'XE/6]\
MJC+5IL;4FCI3;QI
HVD*%).6S9M[SYN5PI7TO/&IBZDRU:;&U)HZ4V\:3*-I



MNI@J4VUJ3*VI



MGZI
M:DQM:;.U)L&TVB:`L6D9?/FP?-FI7`E/6]\ZF*J3+6I
;6FSM2;!M-H


M:DQM:;.U)L&

G][LI[8K:;J8*E-M:DRMJ3/UIL$TFJ9`
M

M3+UI
(VF*5#L5S9O'CUO5LJN9/[T9C^U7TG/&Y^J3+6I
;6FSM2;!M-HF@+%




MDOG3F_W4?B4];WRJ

MDGJ5U)8Y[Q]XO:474V6J38VI-76FWC281M

E:DV-:;6U)EZ


M62F[DOEON]A/[5?2\\:G*E-M:DRMJ3/UIL$TFJ9`

M






Y16$9A&85E
M%)916$9A&85E%$XM*UPVI$XOO:2N%B^LM]3!.2ZLSI%31DX9.67DE)%31DX9



M45A&81F%912645A&81F%4\L*SP.BI/`R./B


M81F%912645A&81F%912645A&81F%911.+2L\#XB2PLO@B(73$7*]L#)RRL@I



G+*








ME)%31DX9.67DE)%31DX9.67D3W+.:^%DIS+NH@YM\61OL+J2=?M=BRYL#(*
MRR@LH[


M&85E%)916$9A&85E%)916$9A&85E%$XM*SP/B)+R^(A=









G#)RRLB96I9S7@LE





PC(*RR@LH[,PC(*RR@LH[

_78LN;`RLLH+*.PC,(RLLH+*.PC
(R


G#)RRL@I



CYMQ&2'IA]6CF?CN67%@9A644EE%81F$9A644EE%81F$9

M







M%$XM*SP/B)+R^(A=



*RR@LH[,PC(*RR@LH[
PC(*


@K+*RCL(S
@K+*RCL(S
@K+






@K+*RCL(S
@K+*)Q:


PC(*RR@LHW!J

M%DIR+NLBYMP61WIA]:3K:3N67%@9A644EE%81F$9A644EE%81F$9A6443BTK
M/`^(DL++X(B%TQ%RO;`R+JR




PC(*RR@LH[,PC(*RR@LH[







(RLLH+*.PC,(RLLH+*.PC




M+93D7-9%S+DMCO3YL_1;EYNQY(+*Z.PC,(RLLH+*.PC




MG/-:*





G#)RRL@I

G#)RRLB96I9S7@LE.9=U$7-NBR.]L/F3KIO3=BRYL#(*RR@LH[,PC(*
MRR@LH[
24



M4T9.&3EEY)21
[4LY[P62G(NZR+FW!9'^@JK)UTWV['DPLHH+*.PC

(R







MC

M4T9.&3EEY)21




.
M7+ZTW7;EZ6%<.P&(;%,R&83$
BV%8#
-B&!;#L!B&
YL
QP!QQ'`;.$;#



BV%8#

M

=P&CM%P'D+V@A6C8
70*89.
72*H5


9S89

BV%8
M#
-B&
YL


0R+85@
PV(8%L.P&(;%
M

MADXQ=&8VZ8QIX8C.-EV
.OO$D0M6=[KN^K)4L&(8%L.P&(;%

AO

M*89.



I=C1*89.
72*H5

MG6+H%$.G&#K%T)G9I#.FA2
ZVW0QZNP31[[ZD[7?5^6E8
PV(8%L.P&(;%
M


MP[`8AL4P+(9A
0R+85@



GJQFZ
P#
^PNI.UT-?
ME@I6#,-B&!;#L!B&Q3`LAF$Q#(MA6`S#8AC.;#(<`\01PVW@&`WG(62[PCZ(
M4;!BZ!1#IQ@ZQ=`IADXQ=(JA4PR=8N@40V=FD\Z8%H[H;-/%J+-/'+E@=:?K
MH2]+!2N&83$,BV%8#,-B&!;#L!B&Q3`LAF$Q#&<V&8X!XHCA-G
AO


71F-NF

M'OJR5+!B&!;#L!B&Q3`LAF$Q#(MA6`S#8A@6PW!FD^$8((X8;@/':#@/(7O!

72*H5

G6+H%$-G9I/.F!:.Z&S3Q:BS3QRY8'6G
MZZ$O2P4KAF$Q#(MA6`S#8A@6P[`8AL4P+(9A

MK!@%*X9.
72*H5





M&`WG(62[PCZ*4;!BZ!1#IQ@ZQ=`IADXQ=(JA4PR=8N@40V=FD\Z8%H[H;-/%

PV(8%L.P&(;%

BV%8#



G6+H%$.G&#K%TF&3C%TBJ$S
MLTEG3`M'=+;I8M39)XY\A9WO=)UN^K)4L&(8%L.P&(;%,R&83$
BV%8#
-B

70*89.
72*H5

G6+H%$.G&#K%


M
0R+85@

MBJ%3#)UBZ
QLTAG3PA&=;;H8=?:)(Q?L?*?K=-.7I8(5P[`8AL4P+(9A
0R+
M85@



M.L70*89.
72*H5

G6+HS&S2&=/$9UMNAAU]HDC7V'G.UTG8N9?D2D8AK4.
MPV(8%L.P&(;%,R&83$
BV%8#

MUJ%3#)UBZ!1#IQ@ZQ=`IADXQ=(JA4PR=F4TZ8UHXHK--%Z/./G&D@EWG.UVG
MI2_;
X%A
0R+85@
PV(8%L.P&(;%

M8
70*89.
72*H5

G6+H%$.G&#K%TF&3C%T9C;IC&GAB,XV78PZ^\21G;1
MVUI+7Y8*5@S#8A@6P[`8AL4P+(9A
0R+85@

M+U@QE8,G6+H%$.G&#K%TF&3C%TBJ%3#)UBZ
QLTAG3PA&=;;H8=?:)(Q7L
M.M^:/2U]62I8
0R+85@
PV(8%L.P&(;%

4H6#%TBJ%3#)UBZ!1#IQ@ZQ=`IADXQ=(JA
[-1YWIPZ+JLGX:NC8U#

Q0!PHV+4-


72*H3.S26=

AO

72*H5


MB

BV%8#




G6+H%$.G&#K%TF&
M3C%T9C;IC&GAB,XV78PZMXF#QJ/_FO=YU:W94U^6E8
PV(8%L.P&(;%

MQ=`IADXQ=(JA

M]K
__]^3]S]]^_Z?L)M/Z(Z_^/QB\

M-_+%D^&?#'DBR%?#/EBR!=#OACRQ9?V20_9HLL_V.&VRPR&FXLJ?OZQ)58
M-\'-T*EUZ!1#IQ@ZQ=`IADXQ=(JA4PR=8NC

M/NF&;C0:/_WICRDAU+(8\L60+X9\

^6+(%T.^&/+%D)_9)#_&CBS_

9S89CF'EB.$VW(R&

_C
M[PS#8A@6PW!FD^&82(X8;A/
:'ACUZ=&YRN&83$
BV&XL=&P&(8;&PUO;#0\

MJ:%X/W(HZYT-TK=U5X9T


/8N1!
MC#PT-N;A=GHKA#ST9;LXBG]C0Q[ZNIR':1HE#WW9?CCRH





Z37W
X$J50







MK%]


Z8RY7+7EHUG3V
4]R\4$GE0*'GH

C#;VNR[N(P

UC?WR&4=J%$IJ

MRWA;MK5
_-W$='!RU0^TES2YT@.2J^%(O(Q/1R)S.A*9TY'(7#_2U5?U
IY#


M__[G)]_\_
T7G__C_8_?O?_Z_=___M
?OOWAW_''4_&BD_@??GS_ES_]D:O8

8]YW%_LNES3ONX]]]^7CW3VP
MCZ*MGLLIXOCCAG)?Q/'9^W)?_-OY('FU[_:&?7PVN]RWQ+[+32__&];8=WF=















`4$L#!!0`!@`(

IEY^^TN
M#J&+JKB;FQPJ?]5/0?-129J[C]_/I]6WHF[*ZK)SQ-IS5L4EK_;EY6GG_//W



MOOWZ=*GJ[/$D^_XNPBP?:L
WL_+G
J^KICJT:UG.[0YTWG/JIJZL='^W+V4'







MAD-W%0!&2):0D0P;JEG@?]&!W5C=2;36V?#M&2%-'=_])AO'F&$-$2@H)J
M*1+KY.:B$R

1Y!
M'FJ)0H-@)@4U+%I<I3D:H(`\@&YFGHY`/H$&HY;F<(!2L!0F!!?,Q.!;P0'4
MZ`2R0X-/P,&(X)(7*C!03#@V_%!U`C-Y8/P4(^0)YN,H1T/CS0V#%!U`C
M-Y8/P4(^0!XR(?G`S`Z!%1]`C=QZ9
SY$SD`^0A$Y(/S.@06/$!U,B-'1V





MV
-@:D+R@9GR0BL^@!J=0'9\B`@^W/Y];)TBR&DPX&9\2(K.(`:N;%PB!;
M`?*00D'9L2+K.``:N3&PB%:`?(0R8D')@1+[*`ZB1&PN'B(#T6
)$I$+
M20=FQHNLZ`!JY


MPSCD(1
*$2$S0&RL$`%JY
8B(B408=(2Y.DF0TB_2LP(D5H1`M3(C25$2A#B
M]N
6LI`%B0=F?DBM\`!JY


B)DHA&?%C$Z.


MHGXJ?BE.IV:55R_J]0)?[KD?H^.[#P]0$L?#[4/_3H0[_DB^DW#-GHH_LOJI



MKGJ@%0S;7Q?`UB[[ARE'`F.)$$T34[5IA:^2=+M1^\%KLOVQ+;`H+SA!]!


BU5;CL.PIC92%).M(PE01='Z86+!*F
M1JN@O?4*9X%3M20P?08Q2CMDESM8._N_






M;B4XD@31
!WA5

C

I6Q6F']CU]$:25+02%V]?R*:K]W#

91R)#B2!-$P/7H[Q^9]H]A&

*RVWD@31I&Y2VI@KK4%6H1..4HX$1Y(@&J;2
M-$N3E-)^9,O1TFB+5=RKI2VS[F/M8#54ON_8(<&M)$$TI9MD-N8R:QI/)=9
M;B4XD@31

M3876H/:=G/:L/T?3WS4=\^HE3_+#H1[MRC?UJ1D6X

ME@5:6A%G+4NTM*?^K&6%EO8[(=:R1DM[_.ZV1&C![8@O@AGZM.^TW#XQ/M^#









L(%G\DQ,9)JJ![ON_9]!JL-
MYJH_5VSM.FL@DQG!9V'*D?]*$<@-1O+$6![F\/0P^SWD]=?',/+O%U\A%[?

M0!(#20TD

-/*@?
MDU$0TG2?C*:)-Y#40#(#R0VD,)!21Y`L((`NR_7I9\9C[/*)-QR!042&TAB

$*


&E-:.E
M$//#B@A$SX4@)!D=R

0-_!5YDE(G

ME98B`H(R(ZU2?&B$MI^Y!@+QV3*I9MB*B0DRA,T_MZ*3$J)F'RL&Y+4^!3


J$8158+W3[2J(3DM?K1S2



M76!JZ(AIHZA\+C-CU7ZH=W1%HZ@M

M






M-37




M_[

[]IF7PB'-Y
G\%
Y`)KX)T@V[9.D?%(X
M4Y@.69C7@ZX
Q0OYP'2A7O\%``#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0?.XA5

0X4DKV5!\#F^/C

I;6&:U4S5/\Q`V^WGS\


&W6
MF8`(G.U(\SS%-]%JEVR6;?^_!;\:`;OR)3J^$F+[*NH.9@-:7()VMU[Z!?
M

6KW%FHD
M

8NK@NE$$


M*_4_(-YC;
?9K#BCF41I1VJEJNKR3#.48RQ@SS[WN!)
HRK=*7Q.##Q[F'
/,%15<87BFTE;VV`:-Y0_Y-+3ISHDGV$Y2O=EV/:9D!XB5:(1]


&X!=)



MW6P49U.R@P394?-RKTFO%?-W%).SA(_LTFH_-+DO\TY,12!T86YP9GKW@)
M&M\P?F)^
7&U



M`P!02P

M+W-H965T

??[\Q^!X?W5T1\(E-[IXJ@*+JSLP^O*6)E

M/.U6F_=99_9



S#4HLL5O(FK




ML&$KJ`3[3E!AS\:C2M5J5!LB1141EY%IJUDAXJ%6?J.!E29%=:I%58A$5!NC
MMM@'0B



`J&1C;0)LA4B;K1#1J'0R$8C=:;MA8@;'60C

X6M2O(:



N#?-@1F`3AGDX([G












M?[TA
Z$!GT)C+-MQYP+F(@\^1=YL
%[8ECUC+MQ)M*##N'^LY[@WT\%T;
\7


A/DABM:V_4.[_#W^9#/
7G5DCD(8;=F\P

QF


M@`=L9=&-K6C&FA/P$


G$
M%)%




M'DWT!=(J_BM:(4V
J'PL$+0+74YH8DH3

@

MCSKJKW4L;WBB6-Y
C/MX*$6P#B-$:@'K(AV+&]$\.8!2*I
)=']
Y5JBUD-0

M@@(7:U#CYA-*&6Q11'\LUF7@.:.Q74JH3$IE
BDCVTRFT5Q+U+O)W!W?GXC&
M=!N








MP7XG4H


M2AKQE1'Z[#%R03%0BO2I%+W9S7PZG83S&3W^@N9$:=*GTO2]&V\R#D6W+^A1

MI4F?2O-S`?(H!65&B%R4HWVYCUZ70_3#E;WT=.J('S[3SY'
WW8Z1)OSYO[V

M_A_1$V9$]+3?*PU


&B4KPB&

[`MI]Y)XDC'#G))G:VY3O;E-KI68B$DURU]%1'?T?N?/
MG74IZ80Z?VW3S%_J$?.WQR\JT+1C0IH[)LEDWNZ\_MASNK)6&B;%(RQLF'[


M$

-TQ
D
'
M3VTY

5)X4Z_2!*$(4(TH0I8@R1#FB`E&)J&*(QTILXW:L1%)^?%[SY.Y/

=
Z1D4H52


MQ5/(/LLABA#%B!)$*:(

MZ(?NKFZDNNS2MLQN&2-*$*7:%NTZUA.=K
^


M.![BR3HS`CH*.9HIC)0RX]R-ET9`FZF8&1Y
48.ZP?1#\4U5WXV(52WYJGJU



M+283QWB.Q@NM=M%XJ:6D\5DP#L?.GE@QVWRF4%[!!F$/U^?N/WQAQMDM)&*'
M($14K2D8D0)HA11ABA'5`J$54
L8C1'
.(^=


J$)6(*H9X







2YX;6RLG5MO&[F6


B]%X^C
M







MQIJ+=\U\L@Q7_4HUE/;NXF^LUJS.^\!EK(F_(R]U%6OB[YA+Q1#M+Q5_TZ6N

`\TU6DN=
M:PCPJ;O]J]Z&;A8:V896/ES#W2D9XR1/SXN%^OW5W^@6]]&FQW;--)BGRQ

+KT*4Q?6%IB/G+Q
M.]+A@<#A(K/KB4S__F24XM02Z8@8(I:((^)+(F*`SE?&X/71&XREHP/IAZIH
M-HC'8E5XO=E@K`?+4D5K-QC)P;+6\#)Z!12(AT10\02<41\283O6`7/]ST8

MN674
3*



MR#RC!PC+Y

MI7(T+71\3U8YOH2ZW%:R


M*G*C6;Q;825]^79W^_ONB&D//;XRUF?8BQMVZ*8L-1*:G837GE$;T53.KFJ;


6*-J%<T264
M*_J$AB^.Q:V$E-OZRZLL:8#I-4D76E%/;1EHVN=VFBIA^BHK476+S(?1_
M?*QVEWA-N6E[5M



G
540N7L







IY.B(UG-0$N\]6.=U1O&35T[&5

-RN1156)




OD'1YE!9;LA:+
MJ









+*


M1DF1=4V*K%3D=M%*CB;]^L\^6^7XLA1A*\/(
G*
O$`ROJ.DR)JE2$3%/+MG

(\O(
M



G*
O$`R'*.T
MR(:U2$1P.3FS9]0RZA@91I:18^0%DOY5M

MR#RC!PC+Y`,QR@QLF$Q$I%(]V!5H):M.D:&D67D&'F!A'_-1&FBL`GVAON,
MH1VI$Q)3Z=9[-(79*=\5AC,,PZ5^NSBAD




%MAKL+P(RB#3AG&LG(^+.PCG!]T@'0^:H-P.S(T/OQBRO!K



PD_`]%]WZ;(-FH1JK[2X08/0NY42+[P6=7V()%6?]4H_XL


(^.*
2_!]



58H#';VIU
M$`

M!CAZ@DNVS1)K5RT_.

W-6=V:*G6
M$%;TL&A76MHV4X2YFFB4A)][X


M%R$/^(VV27@+]\OQ^)+^$3[@]!N3'_]?`````/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A
-^`(1LV*,G5)GQ*MU)5W;;/+$)VA`B8+_^?<?8)K:'9G.W





BJ/.7JCAUC*0I


'_[$11M#A$%FHES3YGR^@@3@'^-JJ2I`1')
MWOOQK=QVAZ7ISB;WGNT2

MR=MS1DL`\8%

M$B(D0DB



MY
!Q(BVSJ^[
C74TD,X0BV6'/7\$%9T,[ZNQA($4\?Z2IU(JP8]6B.*-QJ

A1B*
!1C
M*



5/9C+7DB/DCB[]`'M=31]<
MK0.(
'
L?*XR)\**
WL/*.NX6)QUL.!78WE;T].SJ$TDAZ0.@%WPL@NXJFCV

MLFE/H.3YM









M^Q

M`'@R/^^6GT&S.!1%F/?Y9M4V'QJL-
A3=\G)NK5\3]=X-=1Q_KX47E`712
M9\*RUF$ND/D.:OI]XSXM5\8[U&'!;+;8QI(M`FY!BH[0ABH0J4L`HD*IJ0



A&15$'@155TZYHMP;X_5L7KMJ''
MT)5




O!)DDR(D$[TD
M5:3U%




M$7:
.20[3LV^K))T
08<TAVG+8Z61OI`![7

4;
M




PRIO
MX

MITD))6R2\W+?-#W_0088_QMF\Q\```#__P
^H-;]L?OUE=<7-:WMJ#.`H6[7YJGK+H%EM<4)57D[P1=4PY
#;JJ\@Y_-


MLFAPBP_=!.@L.E$]YJ6UM(!IL]J7$`%)N]&@P]I\MH/
GIG69M4GZ*\275OA
M?Z

'?*W<_<'OJ:H
M/)XZ6.X91$0_;?0]06D%&@F3C]-`I\A@G`7Z
JB30@(_E'/U[+?7=:FZX_


M'G.`D3DX$]N;^F2R=]X#3_LH861N\X?FYS
_&!^;WYPYP/@C\X/=V
\/QA^:
MWY+YP7AW?A9=]5Y$8=[EFU6#KP;L3








8:QS)8$.J


M_NY








MWP:[3-A+2H`[FSF*BF*.8INJ'U;

\$S+E/H+X#/!WPA@=P673)


.[X




'Z@WOV]__FG]BKNG

Q+0\$`F=+\\[&#/S6&0=TK)XOP^_XM4#-Z3Q`N@.(B`06'WXD

H

KI_*&`Y



$OCRL+LN05W250@
M58%
!7(5*%2@%``I;$\.^_UISO-


R

.TVWFG4Q[L$31A8MPR
$RQ)O+5T
2BKCAN-*YMN/+
,E/VWE)AD44A'=+\HM'^21&&076AG-T]:2+(

MH2T8O(6G?

F`E'.H9FH4(A6
'<:K94EAC9K<++F*NVYU9S@A$'^;)5R:#YB
M9+ICSJUFQX)#LV

^(DHM!X
MKJ+

H2COW9'+K'?L=VX




!_Z%O&ZZ-S^`P``__\#`%!+`P04``8````


\F




M-^D


Q9)B_%B][+.


M*FCJ5J6O









1`$[X)_&.;N9O6@(DD6%'R!

MSRX5)H

M2R!J.:G=..Y5[@*TVD

`4$L!`BT`%``&
M``@````A`
YD24PX`@``B2
``!
``````````````````````%M#;VYT96YT

M``````````!Q!```7W)E;'


M+G)E;'-02P$+0`4``8`````$`5FEJSIP$``5$0``#P``````````````
&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`#CK
M




`




Y+GAM;%!+
M`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#`:.0CF`(``$8'```9`````````````````'=4``!X


M(0!O


`````
M````````````A]$``'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8````

`

&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`%9F
MS.?62@``'`,`!D`````````````````?8(!`'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='







`



&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`:?_ELS!```P`X``!D`````````



S+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#A$IU?60D``$$K```9
M`````````````````+

'```9````````````````
&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A
M`%?Y\49R`@``#@8``!D`````````````````"$`'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='
O

&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`H3%^Q;!@``X!@`

M2P$+0`4``8`````$`YR*;0],%``1%P``&`````````````````!Q/@(`

M!@``



M+0`4``8`````$`*0G3U/@'```5


3DN

MW




M:&5E='

BYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`IX+H;YX&``T&@``







/<T0J04``T5

0

=86EN+GAM;%!+!08`````1`!$`(42``#@
0
`````
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
$ 20
614
000


Operating Loss Carryforwards
 Expiration Date

  2028




        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          







        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability
$ 1
993
393


Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1 [Member]
        


        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability
        


Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 [Member]
        


        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability
        


Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3 [Member]
        


        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability
$ 1
993
393




        
          

        
          
            

 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities elected not to be offset. Excludes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        
        


        
$ 30
090
        
$ 101
721


        
$ 30
090
        
$ 101
721

      
        

      



              

107 for March 31








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      






 2013

          































































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
3
333
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 1
602
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Operating Leases
 Rent Expense
 Net
2
670
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Operating Leases
 Rent Expense
 Minimum Rentals
4
272
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Operating Leases
 Rent Expense
 Excluding Maintenance Charges
        
        
4
320
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Operating Leases
 Rent Expense
        
        
55
599
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


F&amp;M Merchant Group
 LLC [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Lawsuit Filing Date
        
        
        
        

 2009
 F&M Merchant Group
 LLC commenced a lawsuit in the state of Texas
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Litigation Settlement
 Expense
        
        
        
        
5
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Litigation Settlement
 Amount
        
        
        
22
348
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Settlement Agreement
 Terms
        
        
        
        

 we have not been able to make any payments. We expect to resolve this matter as soon as practical.
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Lawsuit Filing Date
        
        
        
        
        

 2009
 Tuttle Motor Sports
 Inc. commenced a lawsuit in the state of Florida
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Litigation Settlement
 Expense
        
        
        
        
        
803
750
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
300
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Settlement Agreement
 Terms
        
        
        
        
        

 2010
 Tuttle Motor Sports
 Inc. dismissed the lawsuit without prejudice. Prior to that time
 the parties went through mediation but were unable to settle.
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


CH Fulfillment Services
 LLC [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Lawsuit Filing Date
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

 2009
 CH Fulfillment Services
 LLC commenced a lawsuit in the state of Alabama
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Litigation Settlement
 Amount
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
3
095
3
095
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
2
106
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
2
438
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Lawsuit Filing Date
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

 2013
 James N. Fuller
 Jr. commenced a lawsuit in the state of Florida
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Settlement Agreement
 Terms
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

 we have not been able to make any payments. We expect to resolve this matter as soon as practical.
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Damages Sought
 Value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
20
232
18
300
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Damages Awarded
 Value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
20
232
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Damages Sought
 Value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Lawsuit Filing Date
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

 2013
 Beanpot Broadcastng Corp.
 d/b/a WXRV-FM. commenced a lawsuit in the state of Massachusetts
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Settlement Agreement
 Terms
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

 we have not been able to make any payments. We expect to resolve this matter as soon as practical.
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Damages Sought
 Value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
15
500
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Damages Sought
 Value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
4
169
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Damages Sought
 Value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Damages Sought
 Value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Lawsuit Filing Date
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

 2013
 we received an order of the court from The Trial Court of Massachusetts
 Small Claims Session
        
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Damages Awarded
 Value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
5
500
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
5
238
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Damages Sought
 Value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
5
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Lawsuit Filing Date
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

 2014
 Philip Terrano commenced a lawsuit in the state of Florida
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Settlement Agreement
 Terms
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

 we expect to resolve this matter as soon as we can.
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Litigation Settlement
 Amount
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
11
000
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Settlement Agreement
 Terms
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Damages Sought
 Value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
17
000
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Damages Awarded
 Value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
6
974
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Lawsuit Filing Date
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

 2014
 North Palm Beach Broadcasting Company d/b/a/ WSVU-AM Radio filed a lawsuit in the state of Florida
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Settlement Agreement
 Terms
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Damages Awarded
 Value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
8
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Damages Sought
 Value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
22
000
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Damages Awarded
 Value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
23
411
        
        


Innerworkings
 Inc [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Lawsuit Filing Date
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

 2014
 Innerworkings
 Inc. filed a lawsuit in the state of Florida
        


Innerworkings
 Inc [Member] | Past Due Services [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Damages Sought
 Value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
5
039
        


C.A. Courtesy Demos
 Inc [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Lawsuit Filing Date
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

 2014
 C.A. Courtesy Demos
 Inc. commenced a lawsuit in the state of Florida


C.A. Courtesy Demos
 Inc [Member] | Past Due Services [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Damages Sought
 Value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
 5
803
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 annual increment in rent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to legal
 forensic
 accounting
 and investigative fees.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in arbitration or mediation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the nature of the consideration
 timing of payment
 and the nature of rights obtained or lost (for example
 but not limited to
 patent
 trademark
 copyright
 license and franchise rights).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding contingent rentals and a guarantee by the lessee of the lessor's debt and the lessee's obligation to pay (apart from the rental payments) executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including minimum and any contingent rent expense
 net of related sublease income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Fair Value Measurements
 Recurring and Nonrecurring
 Valuation Techniques [Line Items]
        


        
Annual maturities of long-term outstanding convertible debt (face value) as of March 31
Years&#160;ending&#160;March&#160;31
5
891
100
5
991
182


        
        


Fair Value Measurements
 Recurring and Nonrecurring
 Valuation Techniques [Line Items]
        


        
March&#160;31
March&#160;31
6
207
Convertible Note Financing due February 21
 2015 (a)
5
554
5
310
400
Convertible Note Financing due December 31
 2014 (b)
400
100
37
Convertible Note Financing due June 7
 2014 (c)
37
(3
511
(4
679
6
644
2
479
730
(1) All previous convertible notes prior to February 21
 2013 were surrendered to the Company through a February 21

020


 425
121
5
492
25

 2012 through March 31
 2014 (total of $400
37

 2013




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      










































































































































































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued
181
714
134
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
18
414
546


        
30
244
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Interest Payable
 Current
$ 1
456
904
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ 1
221
671


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued
        
6
935
556
3
286
842
1
702
529
1
353
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Interest Payable
 Current
        
6
242
6
245
3
703
5
412
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


February
 2013 Convertible Note [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued
        
        
        
        
        
6
000
000
5
000
000
3
000
000
3
000
000
3
000
000
9
150
000
5
000
000
4
256
098
2
500
000
3
000
000
8
000
000
2
500
000
2
500
000
2
352
941
609
756
300
000
2
600
000
439
067
320
000
8
500
000
1
818
182
2
686
667
400
000
1
273
333
500
000
320
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount
        
        
        
        
        
4
800
4
500
4
800
3
600
3
600
9
150
4
500
8
725
5
250
6
000
7
200
5
000
4
750
10
000
10
000
11
250
4
940
16
465
12
000
15
300
4
000
10
075
        
47
750
        
12
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Interest Payable
 Current
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
15
000
        
18
750
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


February
 2013 Convertible Note One [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued
        
5
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
2
500
000
4
256
410
1
183
908
1
918
462
2
000
000
438
400
2
481
579
3
000
000
400
000
124
867
        


Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount
        
4
500
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
5
000
8
300
2
575
62
350
4
350
16
440
4
715
6
525
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Interest Payable
 Current
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
15
000
4
675
        


February
 2013 Convertible Note Two [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued
        
11
777
778
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
3
000
000
3
000
000
1
498
851
524
154
1
500
000
1
166
667
3
000
000
1
818
182
179
093
400
000
        


Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount
        
10
600
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
5
850
6
300
3
260
17
035
3
300
43
750
5
700
4
000
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Interest Payable
 Current
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
6
716
15
000
        


February
 2013 Convertible Note Three [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
2
500
000
        
        
        
        
        
4
326
316
        
        
        
        


Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
5
000
        
        
        
        
        
8
220
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


February
 2013 Convertible Note Four [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued
        
8
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
2
500
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount
        
7
200
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
5
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


February
 2013 Convertible Note Five [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
2
500
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ 5
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          



















        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 115
000
$ 115
000
$ 55
000
$ 60
000


April 14
 2008 [Member]
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
60
000
60
000
        
        


August 5
 2008 [Member]
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 55
000
$ 55
000
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as by a subsequent longer-term loan. Also called swing loan or bridge financing.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


        
$ 7
278
$ 6
498


Accumulated Depreciation
 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
36
135
28
857


        
        
        


        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Long-Lived Assets to be Abandoned
 Carrying Value of Asset
        
3
954


Accumulated Depreciation
 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
        
3
756


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to property plant and equipment
 intangible assets and equity in securities of subsidiaries or equity method investee.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      










































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Class of Warrant or Right
 Exercise Price of Warrants or Rights
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ 1
650
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 Issued for Services
$ 99
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Class of Warrant or Right
 Exercise Price of Warrants or Rights
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
26
997
12
656
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Non-Option Equity Instruments
 Granted
        
10
000
000
54
204
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
1
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

 2014 in an amount equal to the lesser of 5% of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on December 31st of the preceding calendar year or 30
000 shares
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
7
500
        
        
        
        
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Issued for Services
        
        
        
        
        
6
578
        
        
        
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 Issued for Services
        
        
        
        
        
161
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
3
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
3
922
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Class of Warrant or Right
 Exercise Price of Warrants or Rights
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

  2015
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
41
100
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Class of Warrant or Right
 Exercise Price of Warrants or Rights
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

  2015
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ 57
450
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      


















        
        
        
        
        


Due to Related Parties
 Current
 21
463
        
 21
463
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Issued for Services
4
950
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Due to Related Parties
 Current
        
47
963
21
463
        


        
        
1
500
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Issued for Services
        
        
25
000
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Face Amount
        
55
000
        
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 Restricted Stock Award
 Gross
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 Restricted Stock Award
 Gross
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Issued for Services
        
        
        
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 Restricted Stock Award
 Gross
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
54
000
000
        
54
000
000


        
        
9
000
000
        
9
000
000


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Attitude Drinks Incorporated and its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Attitude Drink Company
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.&#160;&#160;The most significant estimate included in the Company&#8217;s financial statements is the following: Fair value of the Company&#8217;s financial instruments that are required to be carried at fair value. The Company uses all available information and appropriate techniques to develop its estimates
 including the use of outside consultants. However
The Company currently operates in one dominant industry segment that it has defined as the sports-recovery drink industry.&#160;&#160;However
 its next two products will enter into the functional milk category. Presently
 there is no international business
Inventories
 which consist of finished goods and raw materials
 are stated at the lower of cost on the first in
 first-out method or market.&#160;&#160;Further
&#160;The components of inventories as of March 31
 2014 and March 31
March&#160;31
March&#160;31
30
101
30
101
44

Fixed assets are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over a period of ten years for furniture
 three years for computer equipment and three years for purchased software. Maintenance
 repairs and minor renewals are charged directly to expenses as incurred. Additions and betterments to property and equipment are capitalized.&#160;&#160;When assets are disposed of
 the related cost and accumulated depreciation thereon are removed from the accounts
March&#160;31
March&#160;31
32
31
(27
(26
4
4
20

 2014 and March 31
 2013


620 expense for the impairment of unamortized trademarks that are currently not used for the year ended March 31
Our long-lived assets consist principally of trademarks
 furniture and equipment. We evaluate the carrying value and recoverability of our long-lived assets when circumstances warrant such evaluation by applying the provisions of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification which requires that long-lived assets be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable through the estimated undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets. Whenever any such impairment exists
Financial instruments
 as defined in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 consist of cash
 evidence of ownership in an entity and contracts that both (i) impose on one entity a contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial instrument to a second entity
 or to exchange other financial instruments on potentially unfavorable terms with the second entity
 and (ii) conveys to that second entity a contractual right (a) to receive cash or another financial instrument from the first entity
 or (b) to exchange other financial instruments on potentially favorable terms with the first entity. Accordingly
 our financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 notes payable
 derivative financial instruments
Derivative financial instruments
 as defined in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 consist of financial instruments or other contracts that contain a notional amount and one or more underlying (e.g. interest rate
 security price or other variable)
 require no initial net investment and permit net settlement. Derivative financial instruments may be free-standing or embedded in other financial instruments. Further
 prior to February 21
 2013
 derivative financial instruments were measured at fair value and recorded as liabilities or
 in rare instances
 assets. Fair value represents the price at which the property would change hands between a hypothetical willing and able buyer and a hypothetical willing and able seller acting at arm&#8217;s length in an open and unrestricted market
We generally do not use derivative financial instruments to hedge exposures to cash-flow
 market or foreign-currency risks. However
 we have entered into certain other financial instruments and contracts
 such as debt financing arrangements
 redeemable preferred stock arrangements and freestanding warrants with features that are either (i) not afforded equity classification
 (ii) embody risks not clearly and closely related to host contracts
 or (iii) may be net-cash settled by the counterparty. As required by the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 these instruments
 prior to February 21
 2013
 were required to be carried as derivative liabilities
 at fair value
 in our financial statements as we were allowed to elect fair value measurement of the hybrid financial instruments
 on a case-by-case basis
 rather than bifurcate the derivative. We believed that fair value measurement of the various hybrid convertible promissory notes financing arrangements prior to February 21
- Our financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
Pursuant to the requirements of the Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures Topic of the FASB Codification
Level 2: Financial instruments lacking unadjusted
 quoted prices from active market exchanges
 including over the counter traded financial instruments. The prices for the financial instruments are determined using prices for recently traded financial instruments with similar underlying terms as well as directly or indirectly observable inputs
Level 3: Financial instruments that are not actively traded on a market exchange. This category includes situations where there is little
 if any
All cash and cash equivalents are considered Level 1 measurements for all periods presented. We do not have any financial instruments classified as Level 2. We have recorded a conversion feature liability in regards to a convertible note issued in the twelve months ended March 31
 2013
The Company carries cash and cash equivalents
 inventory
The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Revenue is recognized when there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement
 delivery has occurred or services have been rendered
 the sales price is determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured.&#160;&#160;Revenues are recognized pursuant to formal revenue arrangements with the Company&#8217;s customers
 at contracted prices
 when the Company&#8217;s product is delivered to their premises
 and collectability is reasonably assured. The Company extends merchantability warranties to its customers on its products but otherwise does not afford its customers with rights of return. Warranty costs have been insignificant to date. In determining revenue recognition for products shipped to this customer
 the Company follows the guidance in ASC 605
 &#8220;Revenue Recognition&#8221; (&#8220;ASC 605&#8221;). For any products which are shipped are under a &#8220;pay on scan&#8221; model (none for 2014 and 2013)
2

 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 which are recorded as reductions to the reported revenues. The Company also engages in other promotional discount programs in order to enhance its sales activities. The Company believes its participation in these arrangements is essential to ensuring continued volume and revenue growth in the competitive marketplace. These payments

53

 2014 and March 31
 2013
22
38

 2014 and March 31
 2013
We utilize the liability method of accounting for income taxes.&#160;&#160;Under the liability method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of the assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect
 when the differences are expected to reverse.&#160;&#160;An allowance against deferred tax assets is recognized
 when it is more likely than not
Our practice is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense.&#160;&#160;For the year ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
Our basic loss per common share is computed by dividing loss applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted loss per common share is computed similar to basic loss per common share except that diluted loss per common share includes dilutive common stock equivalents
 using the treasury stock method
 and assumes that the convertible debt instruments were converted into common stock upon issuance
 if dilutive. For the year ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 potential common shares arising from the our stock warrants
 stock options

725
704
 814
In December 2011
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) that provides amendments for disclosures about offsetting assets and liabilities.&#160; The amendments require an entity to disclose information about offsetting and related arrangements to enable users of its financial statements to understand the effect of those arrangements on its financial position. Entities are required to disclose both gross information and net information about both instruments and transactions eligible for offset in the statement of financial position and instruments and transactions subject to an agreement similar to a master netting arrangement. This scope would include derivatives
 sale and repurchase agreements and reverse sale and repurchase agreements
 securities borrowing and securities lending arrangements.&#160; The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1
 2013
 and interim periods within those annual periods. Disclosures required by the amendments should be provided retrospectively for all comparative periods presented. For the Company
In October
 2012
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an ASU that contained amendments that affect a wide variety of topics in the Codification and represent changes to clarify the Codifications
 correct unintended application of guidance or make minor improvements to the Codification that are not expected to have a significant effect on current accounting practice or create a significant administrative cost to most entities. These amendments will be effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15
In January
 2013
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an ASU that contained amendments to apply to derivatives accounted for in accordance with Topic 815
 Derivative and Hedging
 including bifurcated embedded derivatives
 repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowing and securities lending transactions that are either offset or subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement. These amendments should be applied for fiscal years beginning on or after January 1
In February
 2013
 the Financial Accounting Standard Board issued an ASU that contained amendments that provide guidance for the recognition
 measurement and disclosure of obligations resulting from joint and several liability arrangements for which the total amount of the obligations is fixed at the reporting date. Examples of obligations within the scope of this ASU include debt arrangements
 other contractual obligations and settled litigation and judicial rulings. These amendments will be effective for fiscal periods and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15
Advertising costs are charged to operations when incurred and are included in operating expenses. Advertising costs for the years ended March 31

7

During fiscal 2013-2014
93

 2014.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q8F$Y9#%D
5\R
SDT7S0P96%?868R85]E8V4W



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q8F$Y9#%D,5\R,SDT7S0P96%?868R85]E
M8V4W83AE8V-D8V0-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
6)A
M.60Q9#%?
C
Y-%\T
&5A7V%F





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


241!5$5$



M/'@Z3F%M93Y#3TY33TQ)1$%4141?0D%
04Y#15]32$5%5%]087(\+W@Z3F%M



\+W@Z













#I%



#I.86UE/D1E<FEV871I=F5?3&EA8FEL
M:71I97








O4VAE970Q.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7;W)K

\+W@Z3F%M

M8V-O=6YT:6YG7U!O;&EC:64Q/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*

M:&5E='
O4VAE970R







#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E=',O4VAE970R-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC

O4VAE

#I.86UE/D1E<FEV871I=F5?3&EA8FEL

M($A2968]
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX
M.DYA;64^4W1O8VMH;VQD97)S7T1E9FEC:71?5&%B;&5S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@
&5S7U1A8FQE



O4VAE970S


M9U]0;VQI8VEE

#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H
M965T
S0N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z


M(#QX.DYA;64^1FEX961?07-S971S7T1E=&%I;'
\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@(`\


M



M



O4VAE970T
M

M965T-#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z



M='



O4VAE970T-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-

T0B5V]R:W-H
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS

O4VAE970T-RYH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E

\






T0B
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX

O4VAE970U
2YH


M=&%I;'-?5#




M+U-H965T-30N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@


M(#QX.DYA;64^0V]M;6ET;65N='-?86YD7T-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97-?



#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K

M=W


5\R
SDT7S0P96%?868R85]E






]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

#(L(#(P
34\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2F%N+B`P-2P@
C`Q

]


]


T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(%)E9VES


]
'0^
#`P
30Q-C$X


]


]

]
T1T97AT/F9A






]
T1T97AT



]







]



]


]


]



]




]




]


M+R\O0SHO
6)A.60Q9#%?
C
Y-%\T
&5A7V%F
F%?96-E-V$X96-C9&-D+U=O

O4VAE970P
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

241!5$5$($)!3$%.0T4@4TA%150@*%53

]
T1T
M:#Y-87(N(#


S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


M97%U:79A;&5N='

]
T1P


2PT
M





M;&5S8V5N8V4@;V8@)#0T+#$P-R!A=!-87)C:`S
2P@
C`Q-#PO=&0^#0H@





BPX
M-S






38Q+#



]

]
T1N=6UP/C(X

]





L(&YE=#PO=&0^




]





]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@

\+W1D

]
T1N=6UP/C(P

]
M



]


T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='





M:71I97

]
T1N=6UP
M/C4L
C
R+#$U


]

3$U+#`P



]


]
T1N=6UP/C4L.#DQ+#$X




M;F]T97

]
M
T1N=6UP/C
Q-BPP



]


BPS



]

]

3`P+#`P
#QS


M9VX]

@

]




M
3`P+#`P







#`P


M=71S=&%N9&EN9R!A=!-87)C:`S
2P@




]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!P87(@=F%L=64@)#`N
#`P
#$L(#(P
M+#`P

M-!A;F0@,3@L-#$T+#4T-B!S:&%R97,@:7-S=65D(&%N9!O=71S=&%N9&EN
M9R!A=!-87)C:`S
2P@

2PX






T1T;W`^1&5F:6-I

M


]
M


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



M+U-H965T
#

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



3X\







]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)Y($%D:G5S=&UE;G1S/]T

]


]



#`P


#`P



]
T1N=6UP
M/C(P+#`P

#`L




]
T1N
M=6UP/CDL
#`P+#`U

]
T1P



]
T1N=6UP
M/CDL
#`P+#`U


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K+!087(@;W(@4W1A=&5D(%9A;'5E

#`P

#`P



#`L

C`L
#`P+#`P

]
M



T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N(%-T


]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\Q8F$Y9#%D
5\R
SDT7S0P96%?868R85]E8V4W83AE8V-D8V0O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


M5$E/3E


]

]
M
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@






]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3@R+#4X



T1T;W`^


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#DT



T1T;W`^


]

M96UP;&]Y964@8F5N969I='





#4L
#
V




]


M



]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4')O9'5C=!D979E;&]P

M


]


]



T1T;W`^3W1H97(@;W!E



S8R+#@V






]


]

]
M


]
M



]

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q.3@I




T1T;W`^3$]34R!149/4D4@
M4%)/5DE324].($9/4B!)3D-/344@5$%815,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]
T1N=6T^*#(Q
BPP


RPP
C4L



]

]
T1N=6UP


]

]
T1N=6T^

]







M=F5R86=E(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97





M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
6)A.60Q9#%?
C
Y-%\T
&5A7V%F
F%?96-E-V$X

O4VAE970P-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

241!5$5$(%-4051%345.


]
T1T:#Y#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL@6TUE;6)E





]

M
RPV




]

M87(N(#


]
T1N=6UP/CDL
#`P+#`P


]



]


]
M
T1N=6UP/C@L



]


]
T1N=6UP/C@L




















]




]
T1R


]

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y



]

@9F]R(')E


]
T1N=6T^*#DL


]


T1T;W`^4F5D=6-T:6]N(&]F

#`Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


34L


]
T1N=6UP/CDL
3(T+#$Q


]
T1R;SX-

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S+#`R-2PR-SDI/'-P

#QS

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!-87(N(#,Q+`R
#$S/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
BPX-34L


]
T1N=6UP/CDP/'-P86X^

3@L-C@V



]






]


]




]




\+W1D

]


C8L.3DW/'-P

#QS

]

]
T1N=6T^*#(Q
BPP
M

M;7`^


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PX
M




2PW-3



]


]
T1N=6UP/CDL
#`P+#`U


]



M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$4U4T%'/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M




S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]

]
M


M9VX]



M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#
L





]

]
M





]

C8R+#`P


]
M


]



]
T1R

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S+#

RPQ
#4L-3$U*3QS

]




]
T1N
M=6UP/C4Q
RPS





M/D-H86YG97

Z

]
M

]
T1N




]
T1N=6UP/C0S
M+#

]

]
T1N



]


]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W+#8V

M;&4@86YD(&%C8W)U960@;&EA8FEL:71I97


]





M($9


]


]

M;G5M/B@Q






3U=3($923TT@1DE.
M04Y#24Y'($%#5$E6251)15


]

M+#`P



M;&]A;G


T1T;W`^4F5P87EM96YT(&]F(&YO=&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V




2PQ
3`L



T1T
M;W`^0T%32!!3D0@0T%32!%455)5D%




]

C`L-C$U/'-P

M


($-!4T@@1DQ/5R!)3D9/4DU!5$E/

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]






]



]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@



6)A.60Q9#%?
C
Y-%\T
&5A7V%F
F%?96-E-V$X96-C
M9&-D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%B83ED
60Q7S(S







]


M;VXL($-O;G-O;&ED871I;VX@86YD(%!R97-E;G1A=&EO;B!O9B!&:6YA;F-I



]






M.R!&3TY4+49!34E


Z/]F;VYT/CPO8CX\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!
M4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E

63I4

M(&EN('1H92!5;FET960@4W1A=&5S+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


38P

'!T.TU!4D=)
M3CH@

@9FES8V%L('EE87(@

Q-C`[
S$N)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[271S('!L86X@;V8@


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


M/B8C

'!T
M.TU!4D=)3CH@


#$S('1H92!I;F-R96%S92!I
2!B:6QL:6]N(#QF;VYT('-T



C`L
#`P+#`P
PP,#`I/]F;VYT/BX@
M07

#$S+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


M

'!T.TU!
M4D=)3CH@





@96YD960@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3



M
5\R



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]


]


M9VX]






M;&4]

'!T)SY.
M;W1E(#(@+28C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.T=O:6YG




M3E0M4TE:13H@

M/3-$)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&





@:6YC=7)R960@86-C

T0G

S$L-S4S+#@T-#PO9F]N=#X@86YD(&YE9V%T:79E(&-A



'!T)SXQ

M;F0@=VEL;!C;VYT:6YU92!T;R!D97!E;F0@;VX@861D:71I;VYA;!F:6YA

N)B
Q




M34E





@9F]R









#LF(S$V

@




M(&%N=&EC:7!A=&5D(&QO=V5R('!R;V1U8W0@8V]S='
@8F%S960@;VX@:6YC



M;&P@8F4@86)L92!T;R!A8VAI979E('!R;V9I=&%B:6QI='DN)B
Q-C`[)B
Q




M:&4@86-C;VUP86YY:6YG(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&1O(&YO=!R
2!R97-U;'0@9G)O;2!T
M:&4@;W5T8V]M92!O9B!T:&ES('5N8V5R=&%I;G1Y+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

60Q







]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@

]
M


T1T



T1T;W`^4VEG;FEF




@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&IU




M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P
M:6X@


T0G




M=61E($1R:6YK($-O;7!A;GDL($EN8RX@06QL(&UA=&5R:6%L(&EN=&5R8V]M




M3E0M4TE:13H@

M/3-$)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&


M
'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P
M.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C


M3TY4+49!34E







@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%T('1H92!D871E(&]F('1H

M='





@97-T


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


38P

'!T.TU!4D=)
M3CH@



M4TE:13H@

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@





@
M:6X@;VYE(&1O;6EN86YT(&EN9'5S=')Y('-E9VUE;G0@=&AA=!I=!H87
@



@9'5R:6YG

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z




M

'!T


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN(#!I;B`P



M.B`Q
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@



@




T1J


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M

M.B`P:6X@

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P
M.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.R8C



M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@






#L\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

38P.U1H92!C;VUP;VYE;G1S(&]F(&EN=F5N=&]R:65S


14%2.F)O=&@[

M34%21TE..B`P:6X@




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X@/'1R/B`\




#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B


CX@/&1I=CY-87)C:8C,38P.S,Q+8C
M
38P.S(P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M



M+4%

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/]T


M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL


#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\


24=..B!C

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P

@*&$I

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

M(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E


M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I
M=CXQ

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M2%0Z(#0P




P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M8V5E9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M-#`E/B`\9&EV/E1O=&%L(&EN=F5N=&]R:65S/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M8V5E9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^,S`L,#DP/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N



P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#-P

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


3PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R
M/B`\+W1A8FQE/B`\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

M25I%.B`Q


@3F5W


Q+`R,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/B`\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS


@3F5W

M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[1FEX960@07-S971S

T0G0TQ%

'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P
M:6X@


@87)E('-T871E9!A=!C;W-T+B!$
M97!R96-I871I;VX@:7






#LF(S$V


M8VEA=&EO;B!T:&5R96]N(&%R92!R96UO=F5D(&9R;VT@=&AE(&%C8V]U;G1S




T1J


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M

M.B`P:6X@

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P
M.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.U1R861E;6%R:W



M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF


M4TE:13H@

'!T


N)B
Q-C`[
M)B

M;VYE;G1S(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W


M3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I
M;B`P:6X@

T0G1D].

M
T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P

M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)B

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


#`P

13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]

Q-C`[
M
S$L)B
Q-C`[


P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U19


38P.S



M;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#0P

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q
24@

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M='

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'


M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q
4^(#QD
M:78^,S$L-CDV/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE



P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0T

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4




M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M:78^*#(W+#

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N


M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E



M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(V-C965F9CL@0T]


#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C0L
M.#

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M965F9CL@0T]

M:60[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!





M.B`Q
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN(#!I


'!T)SXT






M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&IU





M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2





@;W(@8VAA







@3F5W


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


M/B8C

'!T
M.TU!4D=)3CH@



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


'!T
M.TU!4D=)3CH@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@














T1J=7-T:69Y



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M

L
M(&%S(&1E9FEN960@:6X@=&AE($9!4T(@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'
@




C$L(#(P
3


M87
@;&EA8FEL:71I97

M

M=P@=VAE;B!N96ET:&5R(&ES('5N9&5R(&-O;7!U;'-I;VX@=&\@8G5Y(&]R
M('-E;&P@86YD('=H96X@8F]T:!H879E(')E87-O;F%B;&4@:VYO=VQE9&=E

M;&4]

'!T)SXF(S$V
M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'
M24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

M


@=&\@8V%S:UF;&]W+!M87)K970@;W(@9F]R96EG;BUC=7)R96YC






2P@
C`Q
RP@=V5R


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@

'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A






M;65N='


M:71I97

T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT('-T



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE


M86QU92!-96%S=7)E;65N='




T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T

'!T)SXF(S$V

@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

M.R!-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@


T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY,979E;`Q.B!&:6YA;F-I86P@
M:6YS=')U;65N='

@;&ES
M=&5D(&]N(&%C=&EV92!M87)K970@97AC:&%N9V5S+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@


M($U!4D=)3CH@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@

M







T0G

M;&4]

M86-T:79E;'D@=')A9&5D(&]N(&$@;6%R:V5T(&5X8VAA;F=E+B!4:&ES(&-A
M=&5G;W)Y(&EN8VQU9&5S('-I='5A=&EO;G

@;&ET


14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I
M;B`P:6X@

T0G1D].






M/3-$)W=I9'1H.C$P

T0G



L(&EN=F5N=&]R


M4TE:13H@

14%2.F)O=&@[

M34%21TE..B`P:6X@


M86QI9VX]

M13H@



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I

&EN


T1J=7-T:69Y



M:7



X
C$W.W



M=&5N9'





C`[05-#(#8P-28C.#(R
3LI+B!&



@=&AR


M3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I
M;B`P:6X@

T0G1D].

M

'!T)SY4:&4@0V]M

M9&4@9F]R(&EN9'5S=')Y+7-T86YD87)D('-L;W1T:6YG(&9E97

M=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@;6%K97



M

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


#$T(&%N9`R,#$S+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DL('=H:6-H(&%R92!R96-O

M5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@86QS;R!E;F=A9V5S(&EN(&]T:&5R('!R;VUO=&EO;F%L

M;&5S(&%C=&EV:71I97






X
C$W.W





M-3
L

#$S+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P
M.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


M

T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT('-T



#LF(S$V



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

X+#$V-#PO9F]N=#X@9F]R


M3E0M4TE:13H@

14%2.F)O
M=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P




M4TE:13H@


#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#M);F-O;64@5&%X97
Z/]F;VYT/CPO:3X\+V(^/]D:78^


M
'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@




@87)E(&1E=&5R;6EN




#LF(S$V

@;6]R

Q-C`[)B





M(#(P
#D@=&AR;W5G:`R,#$T+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M34E

#$T(&%N9`R,#$S+!W



@


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@




M
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B


T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I

&EN





#$T(&%N


63H@)U1I;65S($YE




M87

M.R!&3TY4+49!34E





14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2

6QE
M/3-$)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&





@:6YF;W)M871I;VX@86YD(&YE














M;G0@:7

#$T+B!4:&4@0V]M

M-SMS(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T96UE;G1S+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E


'!T)SX@)B

T1J

C4R-3(U.R!&3TY4+5-)

3(L('1H92!&:6YA;F-I86P@06-C
M;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'






T1J

C4R-3(U.R!&3TY4+5-)


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@


T0G0T]

C`Q




M
2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@:6YT97)I;2!P97)I;V1S('=I=&AI;B!T:&]S92!A;FYU

@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T

T0G0T]




C`Q
RP@=&AE($9I;F%N


@:7
@9FEX960@870@

M:71H:6X@=&AE('-C;W!E(&]F('1H:7

M971T;&5D(&QI=&EG871I;VX@86YD(&IU9&EC:6%L(')U;&EN9W
N(%1H97-E
M(&%M96YD;65N='


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
M

M3TQ/4CH@(S(U
C4R-3L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M


M(#PO9F]N=#XH;RDF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V



M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



M13H@



Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R






6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG<V5R:68G.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P<'0G
M/CPO9F]N=#X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E



'!T.TU!4D=)
M3CH@

#L\+V9O;G0^/]I/CPO
M8CX\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E







60Q7S(S.31?-#!E85]A9C)A7V5C93=A.&5C8V1C



]
T1R97!O


M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L

]
T1T97AT

]


T0G0TQ%

T1J=7-T:69Y




M34E


M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


3!P

M14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)



3$%04T4Z

T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M
CX@/&1I=CXR

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M


M
#`P

M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/C(P
3
\

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0S
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q
24@8V]L

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!C96YT

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C(S+#4X
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q

M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

3DL-C8Y/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M8V5E9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

M9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^,3(L
M.#,W/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T




P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0S

M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!


M5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M:78^
C0L

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M:78^)B

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z

M24=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
M



M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU4

M1RU224=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
M
#`P


M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M9F9F9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9F9F9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`E/B`\9&EV/B@S-BPQ

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE



1494.B`R-G!X
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`Q

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV
M/C(U+#0Y

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\


63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#0P


#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

'!T)SX\+V9O;G0^(#QD


'!T
M)SXF(S$V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@


T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY$97!R96-I871I;VX@97AP96YS
M92!A9V=R96=A=&5D(0\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

63H@)U1I

#$S+!W92!M;W9E9!O=7(@;V9F:6-E('1O(&%N




M97

L.34T



'!T)SXQ.3@\+V9O
M;G0^(&1U92!T;R!A8F%N9&]N;65N=X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO9&EV/B`\
M+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ
#`E.R!T




M+R\O0SHO
6)A.60Q9#%?
C
Y-%\T
&5A7V%F
F%?96-E-V$X96-C9&-D+U=O

O4VAE970Q
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

]


3(@

S$L(#(P




]

]

M

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#MS
M:7IE.B`X+C5I;B`Q

14%2.F)O=&@[

M34%21TE..B`P:6X@


63I4

M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P
M:6X@



34P.R8C
38P
M.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.T%C8W)U960@3&EA8FEL:71I
M97

T1J


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M

M.B`P:6X@

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E


#$T(&%N9`R,#$S.CPO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X@


M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS


CX@/&1I=CXR

M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/C(P
3

13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV
M/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0S
R4^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!C96YT

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M
T0Q


3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#
S)3X@/&1I=CY!8V-R=65D


M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E


M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^,BPW-S`L-3@P/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0S

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q

M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXU.#`L,#`P/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

M+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C4X
PP,#`\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`T


M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#
S)3X@/&1I=CY!8V-R=65D(&EN=&5R

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0


M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!


M5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXQ+#(R,2PV-S$\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

M24=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXR,#8L-SDR/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

24=..B!R:6=H

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E
M/B`\9&EV/C$W


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=.

#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C$S


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M1RU224=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M



M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0S
R4^(#QD:78^)B

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P


M(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
S
E/B`\9&EV/E1O=&%L($%C8W)U960@
M3&EA8FEL:71I97

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N



M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M
4^(#QD:78^-2PW,S,L,S`X/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C4L
#`X+#4W

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE

M/]D:78^(#PO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,!S='EL93TS



M8F$Y9#%D
5\R

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4







6%B;&4@6TUE;6)E<ETI

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#







M



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9



'!T.T-

@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#MS:7IE.B`X+C5I;B`Q
2XP:6XG/B`\9&EV

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2


T0G0TQ%05(Z

'!T)SXF(S$V

M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
M




M9R!3=&%N9&%R9'


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE




13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/D]R:6=I;F%L
M)B



M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0U
R4^(#QD:78^)B

M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
C
E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0U/B`\9&EV/D9A:7(F(S$V
#M686QU928C
38P.T%M
M;W5N='

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M




#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M


3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I


3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O

M
CX@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@



M86X[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B


CX@/&1I=CXR

3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/C(P
3

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\
M+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

#$U(AA*2P@*#$I/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C4L-34T+#$X

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXU+#
Q


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M

M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4S)3X@/&1I=CY#;VYV97)T:6)L92!.
M;W1E($9I;F%N8VEN9R!D=64@1&5C96UB97(@,S$L(#(P,30@*&(I+`H
BD\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P

#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C


M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXQ
#`L

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\
M9&EV/C
W+#`P

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4S)3X@/&1I=CY#;VYV97)T:6)L92!.;W1E($9I
M;F%N8VEN9R!D=64@2G5N92`W+`R,#$T(AC*2P@*#

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`T


M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXM
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&



P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N


M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

Q-C`[

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$-3

@9&ES8V]U;G0@;VX@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@
M;F]T97

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/

M(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0U
R4^(#QD:78^
M5&]T86P@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@


M5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P


M:78^

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

M3U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M5%E


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXW

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3D1%3E0Z(#`N-6EN.R!-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&IU



'!T)SXH



M


#`\+V9O;G0^(&9A8V4@=F%L=64@:6X@

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


C4L



'!T)SXQ
C$L


M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M9VX]


14%2.F)O=&@[

M34%21TE..B`P:6X@


'!T)SXR-2PP
#`\+V9O

#`L(#`P
D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


M
'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@


T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXH,RD@4F5T86EN97(@9F5E
M(&]F(0\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



M;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M;&EF92!O9B!T:&4@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97




M.R!&3TY4+49!34E


@;F]T97








M(#@R

M;65N='

#M%251&)B
X

M



@82!L:6%B:6QI




@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'
M24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

M
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#QD:78@


'!T)SY

63I4

M3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E



'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
M

M/B8C

'!T
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!724142#H@



M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#,S)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T




M

24=..B!C96YT

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V



M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
S
E/B`\9&EV/EEE87)S)B
Q-C`[96YD:6YG
M)B
Q-C`[36%R8V@F(S$V
#LS

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M



M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@


M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
S
E/B`\9&EV/C(P

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

M3U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\
M9&EV/C4L.#DQ+#$X

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P
M.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#,S)3X@/&1I=CXR,#$U
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N


M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C


M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXQ
#`L
#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
S
E/B`\
M9&EV/C(P

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


M15A4+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0S
R4^
M(#QD:78^

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q

M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#
S
M)3X@/&1I=CXR

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

M1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P
M.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#
S)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M.3$L

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M25I%.B`Q

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@

'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A


38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.T9E8G)U


'!T
M.TU!4D=)3CH@



38P.SPO9F]N

'!T.TU!
M4D=)3CH@


@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXU+#`R

M='




C4L
#`S


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


U

M-2PP

#`@=V5R92!C;VUB

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@



L(&-O;F1I=&EO;G


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@





M(&EN(&YO(&5V96YT(&=R96%T97(@=&AA;B`D
3`N
#`N($5A8V@@8V]N=F5R


M
3`L

M:2D@=&AE(&)A;&%N8V4@9'5E(&]N('1H92!N;W1E+B!);B!A9&1I=&EO;BP@





3(Q+#
R-SPO9F]N=#X@=&\@



M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97









RPX.#$\+V9O;G0^(&EN(&%C8W)U960@

@;V8@8V]M;6]N

C$L(#(P
3
@=&AR;W5G:!-87)C:`S
M
2P@


2PU
#`@9&%T
M960@07!R:6P@
3$L(#(P
3
L(&%L;&]N9V4@(SD@9F]R(0X.PP
#`@9&%T
M960@2G5N92`U+`R,#$S+!A;&QO;F=E(,Q,!F;W(@)#@X+#`P
!D871E
M9!*=6YE(#(Q+`R,#$S+!A;&QO;F=E(,Q,2!F;W(@)#@R+#4P,!D871E
M9!*=6QY(#(S+`R
#$S+!A;&QO;F=E(
Q
B!F;W(@)#$Q


#$S(&%N9!A;&QO;F=E(
Q
M-B!F;W(@)#4U+#`P

2P@


38P.SPO

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
M


#L\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@





M97


#`\+V9O;G0^(&]N($IU;F4@
M-2P@
C`Q



M
3`P+#`P
!N;W1E+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!
M4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E



T0Q
#`E/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0
M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
&EN.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#!I;CL@4$%$1$E.
M1RU224=(5#H@
&EN.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#H@
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!-
M05)'24XZ(#!I;CL@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BQS97)I
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T)SXR-2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^(%)E=&%I


M;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E



M4TE:13H@



'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@






C4L

C`Q
B!W97)E(&-O;G-O;&ED

M


'!T
M)SXT
#`L

Q






M;6%R:V5T('!R:6-E(&UE86YS('1H92!A=F5R86=E(&]F('1H92!C;&]S:6YG





M97


M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2


M.B`Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-
M05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@


#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].


M



N(%1H92!M


M3TY4+49!34E


M

@9F]R('1H


'!T.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SX@


T0G=VED=&@Z


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


6)A.60Q9#%?
C
Y-%\T
&5A7V%F
F%?96-E-V$X96-C9&-D#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%B83ED
60Q7S(S.31?-#!E






]


M9VX]





M5#H@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2



M.B`Q
'!T.T-

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#MS:7IE.B`X+C5I;B`Q

M14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)


M($)R:61G92!

@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T




T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!
M4D=)3CH@
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M
'!T)SX@)B
6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3CH@,&EN(#!I;B`P:6X@,XW-6EN


M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-3`E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C


P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z

M25I%.B`Q

M
38P.S


M25I%.B`Q

M.B`C
#`P


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q

M36%R8V@F(S$V
#LS
2PF(S$V
#LR
#$S/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$-3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@




P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0U
4^(#QD:78^07!R:6P@,30L
M(#(P,#@@*&$I/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXV,PP

M3U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E


M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))


M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C4U+#`P
#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$-3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M2%0Z(#0P


#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4P)3X@/&1I=CY4;W1A;#PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-


M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C$Q-2PP
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O
M=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!

P
#`P
#`@

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I
M=CXQ
34L

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#PO='(^(#PO=&%B;&4^(#PO9&EV/B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T

M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@


T0G

M)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4



M9VX]










M3E0M4TE:13H@



M;V1I9FEC871I;VX@87
@=&AE(&5X97)C:7-E(&1A=&4@9F]R('1H97-E('=A

M;&4]

'!T)SXF(S$V
M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'
M24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@


'!T)SX\+V9O;G0^5V4@96YT



M14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)



M


1494.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U14
M3TTZ(#!I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU,1494.B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`Q.4[(%!!1$1)



T1C96YT

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY$871E/]F;VYT

T0G4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#!I
M;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU,1494.B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`R)3L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(
M5#H@,&EN.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#H@,&EN)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

'!T)SXF(S$V

M($)/4D1%4BU

M2%0Z(#!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#H@;65D:75M(&YO;F4[($)/4D1%4BU224=(

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#

T1C96YT97(^/&9O



&EN.R!724142#H@


M

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M3E0M4TE:13H@


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@

M9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#H@
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0T




3)P

M
'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



M4CIB;W1H.TU!4D=)3CH@



'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\


M(#!I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU


M)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[34%21TE..B`P:6X@
&EN(#!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BQS97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
G!T)R!A;&EG

M



3)P

M;&4]




@3F5W(%)O




3)P

M
'!T)SXF(S$V


1494.B`P:6X[


14%2.F)O=&@[34%21TE..B`P:6X@
M
&EN(#!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BQS97)I9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0
M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
&EN.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#!I;CL@4$%$1$E.
M1RU224=(5#H@
&EN.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#H@
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M4TE:13H@

M;&4]


M
'!T)SXF(S$V

M

M:68[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

M.B`Q

1494.B`P:6X[(%!!


14%2.F)O=&@[34%21TE..B`P:6X@
&EN
M(#!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BQS97)I9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q



M

M:68[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@




34L(#(P
#@\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\+V9O;G0^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\







M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



M;&4]


M4$%$1$E.1RU


14%2
M.F)O=&@[34%21TE..B`P:6X@
&EN(#!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BQS97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
G!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

38P.SPO




'!T)SXF
M(S$V


&EN.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`P:6X[


M9VX]

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'
M+4)/5%1/33H@
&EN.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#!I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(
M5#H@
&EN.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#H@
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^(#QD:78@

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


38P.SPO

T0G4$%$

'!T)SX\+V9O;G0^

M3TTZ(#!I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU


M/3-$)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[34%21TE..B`P:6X@
&EN(#!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BQS97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
G!T)R!A

M/B8C



M





M24Q9.B`G5&EM97





&EN(#!I;B`P


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


'!T)SX\+V9O;G0^(#QD


'!T
M)SXF(S$V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@



@;VX@97AT:6YG=6ES:&UE;G0@;V8@)#QF;VYT



2PV
C(\+V9O;G0^(&EN(&%C8V]R

@9F]R(&YO;BUP87EM96YT(&]F('1H

#LF(S$V
#M4:&4@


M=&AE(&YO=&4@87

@:7
@;F\@;&]N9V5R







@;W1H97(@=&AA;B`Q





'!T)SXU
#`\+V9O;G0^('=H96X@=&AE($-O
M;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D(&%D9&ET:6]N86P@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@:6YS=')U;65N
M='

#`Y+B8C
38P.R8C

@87)E(')E


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].

'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG


#`X(&9I;F%N8VEN9SPO9F]N=#X\+VD^



M3E0M4TE:13H@

M/3-$)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&


M($%U9W5S=`U+`R


'!T)SX@-2PP



M


@9F]R('1H

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[5&AE



C`P.#PO9F]N=#X@





@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T

'!T)SY/;B!*86YU87)Y(#$U+`R,#`Y
M+`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA





@;V8@



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M;VXN($%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R+!T:&ES(&YO=&4@=V%S(&-O



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2


M)B

T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT('-T





#DN)B
Q-C`[)B
Q


M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T0P




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q8F$Y9#%D
5\R
SDT7S0P



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W

M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@


]

]


]



T0G0TQ%

M14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)

M3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B




T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@

'!T)SY/;B!*86YU87)Y(#(V+`R,#$Q+!W


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG

CPO9F]N=#XN(%1H:7
@

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

M92`S

'!T)SX@
3`\+V9O;G0^)2!C;VUP=71E






'!T)SX@
34\+V9O;G0^)2X@06QT:&]U9V@@=V4@:&%V92!N


M97(@
3(L(#(P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


#`\+V9O;G0^(&]F('1H92!P





CPO9F]N=#XN(%1H92!S;VQD
M(0R,PP
#`@;F]T92!H87

M:6YT;R!S:&%R97
@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


M/B8C

'!T
M.TU!4D=)3CH@

30L(#(P
3(L('=E




PP,#`\+V9O;G0^(&%N9`D/&9O






M;G0@;VX@2G5N92`R-RP@
C`Q

M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXT

M


M4TE:13H@

M)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4


M-BP@
C`Q

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXQ,PP
#`\+V9O;G0^(&%S('=E(')E8V5I=F5D('1H



C`Q
BX@5&AE(&YO=&4@:7
@

'!T)SXQ
#PO9F]N=#XE*2!A;F0@:7
@

@3F5W(%)O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M97

M;V]N97(@;V8@*&DI($]C=&]B97(@
30L(#(P


M+V9O;G0^+B!4:&4@86UO=6YT(&ES('-T:6QL(&]U='-T86YD:6YG+CPO9F]N

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@




M.B`G5&EM97

M/C0U+#4P-3PO9F]N=#XN(%1H97-E(&%M;W5N='
@87)E(&1U92`\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


N(%1H



T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@

'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A



M13H@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


@87)E(&5X8VAA;F=E86)L92!F;W(@97%U86P@

@;V8@;F]T97
@;V8@9&EF9F5R96YT(&%U=&AO







M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

60Q7S(S.31?-#!E85]A9C)A7V5C






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@

]












T0G

M)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4



M.B`Q
'!T)SY.;W1E(#D@)B
Q-3`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[1&5R:79A=&EV92!


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@


M

T0G0TQ%05(Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@


T0G


M+49!34E

T0G

'!T)SY!4T

3L@97-T86)L:7-H97


@=&\@=F%L=6%T:6]N('5S960@


M;&QO=W






'!T
M.TU!4D=)3CH@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@



@3F5W(%)O





Q+`R,#$T.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E



M3E0M4TE:13H@

M/3-$)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE

M1%1(.B`Q

&EN.R!72414


M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
S8E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M


M15A4+4%

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q

Q-C`[

M;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
S4E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0X/B`\9&EV/B!&86ER)B
Q-C`[5F%L=64F
M(S$V
#M-96%S=7)E;65N='
F(S$V

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#
V)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G

24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M



'!T.R!6


M=VED=&@]
T0Q


M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97

+4%

M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%

M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%



M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q
24@8V]L

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D


24=.



#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/F]T:&5R/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P





M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I


3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M

13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO


M15A4+4%

'!T.R!615)4



M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS


3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

T0G


M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/E9A;'5E)B
Q-C`[870\+V1I

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C



24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO

M.B`Q

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V


M13H@

T0Q

M;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M


M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$Q

CX@/&1I=CY-87)C:8C,38P.S,Q+8C
38P.S(P
30\

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G=VAI=&4M



M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

#`P


3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q

Q-C`[
BD\+V1I=CX@

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C







M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
S8E/B`\9&EV/D-O

M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


2PY.3
L
SDS/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M8V5E9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M2%0Z(#0P


#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

#`P
#L@1D].

M=&@]
T0Q
4^(#QD:78^,2PY.3,L,SDS/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/







14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M


@




@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@9FEN

@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE(&5X



@



M
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN(#!I;B`P


@;&EA8FEL:71I97

M('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('1H92!D97)I=F%T:79E(&QI86)I;&ET:65S


M:&EN($QE=F5L(#




M;V)S97)V86)L92!I;G!U='
@9F]R($QE=F5L(#

M=7)E;65N='
@86YD(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@8V%L8W5L871I;VYS(&%R92!T:&4@




'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


38P

'!T.TU!4D=)
M3CH@

@5F%L=6%T:6]N(%1E8VAN
M:7%U97

T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT









M8W)E87-E(&EN('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W




'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


M/B8C

'!T
M.TU!4D=)3CH@


M




M960@87

M
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ
#`E.R!T86)L92UL87EO=70Z9FEX960[)R!C



6)A.60Q9#%?
C
Y-%\T
M
&5A7V%F

O4VAE970Q-BYH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M

]




]

3$N
&EN)SX@/&1I

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@



T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].


T1J



'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN


T0G0TQ%



M13H@

'!T
M.TU!4D=)3CH@





14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M

M.B`P:6X@


M


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXQ+#4P

C`P.2!A;F0@

@3F5W


M4TE:13H@


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M9!P87EA8FQE('5P;VX@9&5M86YD+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M+49!34E


M97!T96UB97(@
S`L(#(P

M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`Y+#`P


3!P




M
'!T)SXU





M3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I
M;B`P:6X@

T0G1D].

M

'!T)SY(+B!*;VAN
M($)U8VMM86X@:7


M97

M
#PO9F]N=#XN)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B

'!T)SXR


63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M(#PO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX@/]D:78^(#PO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX@/]D:78^(#PO






^+RH@1&\@


$5-

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S



'0@0FQO8VM=

M)TU!4D=)3CH@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/

M93H@.XU:6X@,3$N,&EN)SX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T

'!T)SXF(S$V

@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T



M3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I
M;B`P:6X@

T0G1D].

M

'!T)SY4:&4@0V]M




@

M
#M397)I97
@02TQ)B
X

@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R


@9G)O

#LF(S$V


M=&]C:R!D:79I9&5N9'
@=VAE;BP@87

M(S@R

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@
M:7

@02!A;F0@

N)B

M:&4@4V5R:65S($$@86YD($$M
2!T:&5N(&]U='-T86YD:6YG('-H86QL(&)E

@;V8@=&AE


2!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!C
M87!I=&%L('-T;V-K(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY+!A;B!A;6]U;G0@97%U86P@


M('1H92!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!397)I97



@82!P


T0G

BXP



M:71A;&EZ871I;VX@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@;VX@=&AE(&1A=&4@;V8@;F]T

#`P+#`P
#PO







M86YY)B
X
C$W.W

X
C$W.R!D969I8VET+CPO9F]N

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN


M.B`Q
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


#L\+V9O


M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



M(#DL
#`P+#`P



2PV
C`L


'!T)SX@-30L
M
#`P+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S*2X@5&AE

@=F]T:6YG('!O=V5R(&EN('1H870@






L




63H@)U1I;65S

#`L
M

M13H@

#`P


M



M+49!34E



@;V8@4V5R:65S($$M


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

P-CPO





XP.3PO9F]N
M=#X@=VAI8V@@:7,@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE('1H96X@;6%R:V5T('!R:6-E(&]F
M(0\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


P-B!C;VUM

I+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


38P

'!T.TU!4D=)
M3CH@



T0G0TQ%

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO8CX\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E



65A<B!E;F1E9!-

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@




M25I%.B`Q


M3E0M4TE:13H@

M/3-$)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&


M8V@@
S$L(#(P


3!P

M(&]F9FEC97)S+B8C
38P.R8C




@=&\@8F4@=F]T960@;VX@8GD@=&AE('-H

#LF(S$V
#M(;VQD97)S(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C

#LF(S$V
M


@;V8@





M
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO8CX\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#
M3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E

#$T

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-
M05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@


T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO8CX\

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN(#!I




T0G

'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I
M;B`P:6X@

T0G1D].



P



C`Q
R!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T
M97

M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXN
#

M


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/

M1TE..B`P:6X@

M/B!S:&%R97


@

#PO

3


M;&4]


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@




M
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


3
L

'!T)SX@
2PQ-C8L






M.B`Q
'!T)SXQ-2PP


3




'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


38P.SPO

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
M


3

'!T)SX@



63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-

M:6X@


T1J


M34E

M25I%.B`Q


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-
M05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#QD


'!T

@;V8@8V]M;6]N





M(#(P
3




M.B`Q
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


#L\+V9O


M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


'!T)SXQ-2PP
#`\+V9O

3






'!T.TU!4D=)
M3CH@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@



T0G1D].


S



M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXT-RPW-3`\+V9O;G0^(&]F($9E8G)U87)Y+`R
M


M5&EM97

M

T0G0TQ%05(Z

'!T)SXF(S$V

M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
M


BP@
C`Q
RP@=V4@:7-S=65D(#QF;VYT('-T




M(&EN=&5R97-T(&]F($9E8G)U87)Y+`R,#$S(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!C;VYV

M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
M


T0G0TQ%




M24Q9.B`G5&EM97




C`Q
R!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97
@870@82!C

'!T
M)SXN
#

T1J=7-T:69Y



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M

CDL(#(P
3

'!T)SX@-3`P+#`P


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


3






'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


M(#


R

M13H@

C`Q
R!C;VYS
M;VQI9&%T960@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97
@870@82!C;VYV97)S:6]N('!R

'!T)SXN
#
W-3PO9F]N


M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2



T0G1D].




M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXV,BPS-3`\+V9O;G0^(&]F($9E8G)U87)Y+`R
M


M5&EM97

M

T0G0TQ%05(Z

'!T)SXF(S$V

M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
M




'!T)SXQ-RPP
S4\+V9O;G0^(&]F($9E8G)U

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@











3`L

M3TY4+49!34E


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


Q


M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


63H@)U1I;65S($YE


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'
M24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

M
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#QD:78@


'!T)SY/

T0G1D].




14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z




M13H@


M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@,BPS-3(L.30Q/]F;VYT/B!S:&%R97
@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

#PO9F]N=#X@;V8@

3


T0G1D].

M;&4]

'!T)SXF(S$V
M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'
M24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

M

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M;VYT/B!S:&%R97


M97




M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
M


T0G0TQ%


38L
M(#(P
3





14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z




M13H@





'!T)SXT+#
U
#PO9F]N=#X@;V8@

3


T0G1D].


M


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/

M1TE..B`P:6X@




#PO

63H@)U1I



63I4:6UE

M4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E

2P@
M
C`Q

M5&EM97


BPU



RPW
#


'!T
M)SXN
#`R

T0G

'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I
M;B`P:6X@

T0G1D].

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M:&%R97


@3F5W




M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
M


T0G0TQ%


C(L
M(#(P
3

'!T)SX@
M
2PX
3@L

C`Q
R!C;VYS;VQI
M9&%T960@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97
@870@82!C;VYV97)S:6]N('!R:6-E

'!T)SXN
#`R
CPO9F]N=#XN


M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



T0G1D].






M;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E

63I4:6UE







3


T0G1D].


M;&4]

'!T)SXF(S$V
M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'
M24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

M

63H@)U1I;65S($YE



M5&EM97

M

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I

&EN


T1J=7-T:69Y




3!P

M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXU+#`P

3
@8V]N




CPO9F]N


M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2



M

L
#`P+#`P


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



3!P

M14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)




M4TE:13H@




'!T)SXU+#`P
#PO9F]N

3


M


M9VX]


14%2.F)O=&@[

M34%21TE..B`P:6X@

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

M+#`P




14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M


T1J=7-T




M


'!T)SXU+#`P

3
@


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CPO

T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT('-T



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE


M;&4]

C4V+#0Q


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&IU



'!T)SY/;B!397!T96UB97(@
3
L(#(P
3
L('=E(&ES

'!T)SX@
RPP
#`L

C`Q
R!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@8V]N=F5R
M=&EB;&4@;F]T97
@870@82!C;VYV97)S:6]N('!R:6-E(&]F(0\9F]N=!S

'!T)SXN
#`R


M

14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z




M(#
L
#`P+#`P


M+49!34E


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M

M.B`P:6X@


M



M4TE:13H@


'!T)SXU+#`P

M(#(P
3



M+C`P

T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I

&EN





63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M4TE:13H@



M3TY4+49!34E


C`Q
RP@

@






'!T)SXN
#`Q

T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S

&EN(#!P





63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M13H@



M+49!34E


C`Q
RP@=V4@

@3F5W

2PU-SD\


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4





#$Y/]F;VYT/BX\+V9O;G0^/]D


M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@




@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K('!U

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


63H@)U1I;65S($YE

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/

M1TE..B`P:6X@


M9VX]



M3E0M4TE:13H@

'!T)SXX+#(R


3




M25I%.B`Q
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


38P.SPO9F]N

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN



#`\+V9O;G0^




34L


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXN,#`Q.#PO9F]N=#XN/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/B`\

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE



T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT


#$S



'!T
M)SXT+#@P

3





38\+V9O;G0^+CPO9F]N

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


M97(@.2P@
C`Q

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M4TE:13H@

#$S(&-O


@


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@

'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SY/;B!/8W1O8F5R(#$P+`R

M3E0M4TE:13H@

'!T)SXS+#8P


3




M25I%.B`Q
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


38P.SPO9F]N

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN


30L(#(P
3

'!T)SX@.2PQ-3`L


C`Q
R!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@
M;F]T97
@870@82!C;VYV97)S:6]N('!R:6-E(&]F(0\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

'!T)SXN
#`Q/]F;VYT/BX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#QD:78@


'!T)SXF
M(S$V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-
M05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY/;B!/8W1O8F5R(#$W+`R

M13H@



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'
M24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

M
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#QD:78@


'!T)SY/



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;&4]

'!T)SXF(S$V
M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'
M24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

M



M



M04U)3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ
M(#!I;B`P:6X@

T0G

M;&4]

'!T)SY/;B!.

#`L






M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M

'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\

M04U)3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ
M(#!I;B`P:6X@

T0G




C`Q
R!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@8V]N=F5R
M=&EB;&4@;F]T97
@870@82!C;VYV97)S:6]N('!R:6-E(&]F(0\9F]N=!S

'!T)SXN


M

14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


M
C`Q

M5&EM97





'!T
M)SXN

T1J=7-T:69Y



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M

C`Q
RP@=V4@:7-S=65D(#@N
M
#`P+#`P

C`Q
R!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@8V]N
M=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97

'!T)SXN


M13H@

M14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)


M
3
L(#(P
3







M4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M

M.B`P:6X@





'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO8CX\+V1I=CX@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E


#$S

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-
M05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@


T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO8CX\

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN(#!I


L(#(P


'!T)SX@-BPP
#`L






14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S

&EN(#!P


T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF


C`Q
M

M97

L





2PT-#0\+V9O;G0^

T0G1D].


M


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/

M1TE..B`P:6X@

C`Q
BP@=V4@:7-S

@3F5W(%)O

BPS
S(\+V9O;G0^




M4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E

63I4


M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@,BPX-#,L,30V/]F;VYT/B!S:&%R97
@


63I4:6UE

'!T)SXX-S
\+V9O;G0^


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I
M;B`P:6X@

T0G1D].

M


M;`Q,P@
C`Q

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


RPX

#$P(&-O;G9E


M-3`L




#(Q/]F;VYT/BX\+V9O;G0^/]D


M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@




63H@)U1I



@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T


T0G0TQ%05(Z


C`Q
M

M97

M-2PP



M4TE:13H@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2


M)B

T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT('-T


63H@)U1I;65S($YE






M+49!34E





C`Q


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG

L


M.B`G5&EM97

M/BXP

T0G

'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I
M;B`P:6X@

T0G1D].

C`Q
BP@=V4@:7-S=65D(#QF

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG



M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXW+#`W-CPO9F]N=#X@870@82!C;VYV97)S
M:6]N('!R:6-E(&]F(0\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

M;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E

63I4:6UE



M(#(P
3$@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97

M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXR+#4S-CPO9F]N=#X@870@82!C;VYV97)S:6]N('!R:6-E

'!T)SXN
#`Q

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].

'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG


M+49!34E

@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T


M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXX+#(T,CPO9F]N=#X@870@82!C;VYV97)S
M:6]N('!R:6-E(&]F(0\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@


T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D


M.B`Q
'!T)SY/;B!-87D@



'!T)SX@-C`L
#`P+#`P





14%2.F)O
M=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P




M


M3E0M4TE:13H@



M(#(P
3$@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

#PO9F]N=#X@870@

M
'!T)SXN
#`Q

T1J


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M

M.B`P:6X@




L
#`P+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X@

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


63H@

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@




M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SY/;B!-87D@
CDL(#(P


'!T)SX@-#8L-S(X+#DW



M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXU,PP
#`\+V9O;G0^(&%T(&$@8V]N=F5R

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

M

T0G0TQ%05(Z

'!T)SXF(S$V

M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
M



M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@,BPU,#`L,#`P/]F;VYT/B!S:&%R97
@;V8@


M3TY4+49!34E




@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T




#`P+#`P

M='
@9G)O;2!T:&4@36%R8V@L(#(P
3$@9FEN86YC:6YG+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN(#!I;B`P



M.B`Q
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


C`Q
M

M97

M

63H@)U1I;65S($YE

M3TY4+49!34E



M04U)3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ
M(#!I;B`P:6X@

T0G

M;&4]

'!T)SY/;B!*





M.B`G5&EM97

M/C4L






M13H@

M14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)


M
C`Q

M5&EM97

M
PP,#`L,#`P/]F;VYT/B!S:&%R97





@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T


T0G0TQ%05(Z


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

M+#`P


T0G

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


M34E

M04U)3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ
M(#!I;B`P:6X@

T0G
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY/;B!*=6YE(#(U+`R


M;VX@;V8@36%R8V@L(#(P
3$@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97

'!T)SXT+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X@870@82!C;VYV

@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].

'!T)SY/;B!*=6QY(#$L(#(P


'!T)SX@
S8L
#`P+#`P
#PO9F]N



M97



M+49!34E




M+49!34E

M
#@@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97

M.B`Q
'!T)SXR.2PS




#4X-CPO9F]N=#XN


M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M075G=7-T(#@L(#(P

M.B`Q
'!T)SX@-PY-3`L,#`P/]F;VYT/B!S:&%R97
@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T



'!T)SXY
M.2PP



M4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E

63I4

C`Q
BP@=V4@:7-S=65D(#QF;VYT



RPS
S
\+V9O;G0^('-H87)E


M34E




'!T)SXN
#`P

M
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN(#!I;B`P


@



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I

&EN


T1J=7-T:69Y








3!P

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@





C(L(#(P

'!T)SX@-#`L
#`P+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X@

T0G

38L


@3F5W


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].

'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG


#`L

M

C`Q
B!B

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


#PO9F]N=#X@870@82!C;VYV97)S:6]N

'!T)SXN
#`P-#PO

T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT('-T



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE




'!T)SX@-C`L
#`P+#`P


'!T)SXR



63I4:6UE

M4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E






@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@




'!T)SY/;B!397!T96UB97(@
3DL(#(P


'!T)SX@
34L
#`P+#`P
#PO9F]N

T0G

3`L


@3F5W

#`V-S4\+V9O

'!T.TU!
M4D=)3CH@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@





M(#(P


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S

&EN(#!P


T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF








#$R(&)Y(&%N;W1H97(@86-C


3!P




#$P(&%C8W)U

'!T)SXT
M+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X@870@82!C;VYV97)S:6]N('!R:6-E(&]F(0\9F]N=!S

'!T)SXN
#`P



M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@



63H@

C`Q
2!D96)T('1H870@




#


M4TE:13H@

M)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4







T0G1D].

2PY






'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY/;B!/
M8W1O8F5R(#$P+`R

M13H@




M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXN,#`P-#PO9F]N=#XN/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/B`\

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE



T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT


C`Q
M

M97

PP
M,#`L,#`P/]F;VYT/B!S:&%R97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@


T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D


M.B`Q





M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


P+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X@870@82!C;VYV97)S:6]N('!R:6-E(&]F

'!T)SXN


M3E0M4TE:13H@

M/3-$)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&



2P@
C`Q

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


#`L

C`Q
2!D

'!T)SXV+#
W-3PO9F]N

M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXN
#`P-#(U/]F;VYT/BX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#QD:78@


'!T)SXF
M(S$V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-
M05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY/;B!/8W1O8F5R(#$Q+`R



C`Q


63H@)U1I;65S



@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

M




T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

M

T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I

&EN

M97


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M


T1J=7-T


C`Q

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


PP,#`L,#`P/]F;VYT/B!S:&%R97
@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K

C`P.!D
M96)T(&]F(0\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

M4TE:13H@

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M4TE:13H@

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/

M1TE..B`P:6X@


M9VX]


C`Q

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


S`L
#`P+#`P



M
S@L



14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z




M13H@

M97



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M


T1J=7-T


C`Q

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97




C`Q


M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


#PO9F]N=#X@870@82!C;VYV97)S:6]N('!R

'!T)SXN
#`P-#@\+V9O

'!T.TU!
M4D=)3CH@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@



M

@;V8@




M3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E




#`\+V9O;G0^

M:6]N(&]F($IU;'DL(#(P

M13H@

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M

M.B`P:6X@


M


M3TY4+49!34E




63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'
M24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

M
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#QD:78@


'!T)SY/

2P@
C`Q

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


BPT-C@L

M
C`Q

'!T)SXQ

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

63H@)U1I;65S($YE

M3TY4+49!34E





M3E0M4TE:13H@


M5&EM97


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


14%2.F)O
M=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P




M

@


M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
M


T0G0TQ%




M(#$U
PP,#`L,#`P/]F;VYT/B!S:&%R97
@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K('!U

C`P.2!D96)T

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M+49!34E




M3TY4+49!34E

C`Q
M


#PO
M9F]N=#X@870@82!C;VYV97)S:6]N('!R:6-E(&]F(0\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

'!T)SXN
#`P
C(U/]F;VYT/BX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#QD


'!T
M)SXF(S$V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@




T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

C0L
#`P

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M86QI9VX]

3!P

14%2.F)O
M=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



M

'!T)SX@.34L
M
#`P+#`P


'!T)SXR
2PS-S4\+V9O;G0^(&%T(&$@8V]N


M+C`P

T1J=7-T:69Y



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M



'!T)SX@
3`P+#`P



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG

#PO9F]N=#X@870@82!C

'!T
M)SXN
#`P

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


38P.SPO9F]N

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN







@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


'!T
M)SXN
#`P

T0G

'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I
M;B`P:6X@

T0G1D].

C`Q
BP@=V4@:7-S=65D

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

#4L
#`P+#`P
#PO9F]N

M960@:6X@3F]V96UB97(L(#(P


'!T)SXS
BPX
#`\

M

#$V/]F;VYT/BX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#QD


'!T
M)SXF(S$V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@



63H@)U1I;65S


#$R(&)Y(&%N;W1H97(@86-C


3!P


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M


T1J=7-T




3!P

@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K

#@@




14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2


M)B

T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT('-T


C`Q
RP@

@

#`P
M+#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


#`\+V9O;G0^(&%T(&$@8V]N


M+C`P

T0G0TQ%

'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P
M:6X@

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SY*86YU87)Y(#$Q+`R







M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&IU







RPQ
C4L

C`Q


@


#PO
M9F]N=#X@870@82!C;VYV97)S:6]N('!R:6-E(&]F(0\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

'!T)SXN
#`P
38\+V9O;G0^+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


M/B8C

'!T
M.TU!4D=)3CH@

34L(#(P
3
L

'!T)SX@-3`L
#`P
M+#`P

#`X(&1E8G0@;V8@)#QF

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


M.B`G5&EM97

M/BXP

T1J=7-T:69Y



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M
2`Q-BP@
C`Q
RP@=V4@:7-S=65D(#QF

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG

#`L
#`P+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X@


M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


R+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X@870@82!C;VYV97)S:6]N('!R

'!T)SXN
#`P
38\+V9O

'!T.TU!
M4D=)3CH@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@



38L(#(P
3





M.B`Q
'!T)SXQ
RPQ
3






'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY/;B!*
M86YU87)Y(#$W+`R

M13H@

#`L

M

M.B`G5&EM97

M/C(X+#4P

'!T)SXN
#`P
34\+V9O;G0^+CPO9F]N=#X\

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN(#!I



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@



M(#(P
3

'!T)SX@
M
34U+#`P


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M+49!34E




M+49!34E

63H@)U1I

M;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E

63I4:6UE






M



M3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I
M;B`P:6X@

T0G1D].

M

'!T)SY*86YU87)Y


3(@8GD@







T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@

'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A



M3E0M4TE:13H@

#`L


M.B`G5&EM97

M/C
R+#`P

'!T)SXN
#`P
38\+V9O;G0^+CPO9F]N=#X\

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN(#!I



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


M(#8L(#(P
3

'!T
M)SX@
3
X+#4Y



C`Q


M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



'!T)SXN
#`P
38\+V9O

'!T.TU!
M4D=)3CH@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@



3


'!T)SX@
C`P+#`P


M
S(L






M13H@

M14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)


M
3$L(#(P
3

'!T
M)SX@-S`L
#`P+#`P






M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1J


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M

M.B`P:6X@

3
@
C`Q
RP@=V4@:7-S

@3F5W(%)O

#$P(&1E8G0@9F]R(0\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

'!T)SXT+#@S-SPO9F]N=#X@86YD(&%C8W)U960@:6YT97)E

'!T)SXX+#(S
SPO9F]N

M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXN
#`P
34\+V9O;G0^+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


M

'!T.TU!
M4D=)3CH@




PP,#`L
M,#`P/]F;VYT/B!S:&%R97


M;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E

63I4:6UE








M+49!34E




#`L
#`P



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG

#PO9F]N=#X@870@82!C

'!T
M)SXN
#`P

T0G

'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I
M;B`P:6X@

T0G1D].




M960@:6X@1&5C96UB97(L(#(P


'!T)SXR
BPQ-S4\

M

#$V/]F;VYT/BX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#QD


'!T
M)SXF(S$V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@


T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY/;B!-87)C:`V+`R,#$S+!W



PP,#`L
M,#`P/]F;VYT/B!S:&%R97


C`Q

'!T)SXW+#4P
#PO9F]N=#X@870@82!C;VYV

'!T)SXN
M
#`P

T0G0TQ%

'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P
M:6X@

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SY/;B!-87)C:`Q
BP@
C`Q
RP@=V4@:7-S=65D(#QF;VYT



#`P+#`P





14%2.F)O
M=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P




M

M92P@
C`Q

'!T)SXW
M+#4P
#PO9F]N=#X@870@82!C;VYV97)S:6]N('!R:6-E(&]F(0\9F]N=!S

'!T)SXN
#`P



M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@




3
@8GD@86YO=&AE

M.B`Q


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M

M.B`P:6X@


M


C`P

'!T)SXV+#@S-#PO

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




@3F5W

#`P-S4\+V9O

'!T.TU!
M4D=)3CH@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@



T0G

RPV
#`L

M
C`Q




#PO9F]N=#X@870@82!C;VYV

'!T)SXN
M
#`P

T0G0TQ%

'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P
M:6X@




BPY-C`L


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


P+#(R
CPO9F]N=#X@870@82!C;VYV97)S:6]N

'!T)SXN
#`P


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-
M05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@




14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M


T1J=7-T



M34E

2P@
C`Q-3PO9F]N=#XN(%=E(')E8V]R9&5D('1H92!F

M.B`Q
'!T)SXT
2PQ



'!T)SX@
34P

#PO9F]N=#X@:6X@=VAI8V@@=&AE(&]P=&EO;G

M13H@


T0G

C`Q

14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z




M13H@






Q



63H@)U1I;65S($YE



M5&EM97

M+#`P


T0G1D].


T0G0TQ%05(Z

'!T)SXF(S$V

M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
M


#0\+V9O;G0^


@=&\@8F4@969F96-T:79E(&%T($1E
M8V5M8F5R(#

63H@

#PO9F]N=#XL(&9U;&P@=F5S=&EN9R!R:6=H='
@86YD(&$@;&EF92!O

@

M9R!T;R!I;F-L=61E('1H97-E('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G
@87



'!T)SXQ
BPV-38\
M+V9O;G0^(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$Q(&)Y('5S:6YG('1H92!;&%C


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2


M)B

T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT('-T


C`Q
RP@


#$S($5Q





M97

M

'!T










Q+`R,#$T+CPO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63I4

M3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M4TE:13H@

#`\+V9O;G0^(&YO;BUQ=6%L:69I960@


#0L(&9U;&P@=F5S
M=&EN9R!R:6=H='
@86YD(&$@;&EF92!O9B!F:79E('EE87)S+B!4:&4@0F]A



M;V-K(&]P=&EO;G
@:6X@

M3TY4+49!34E


M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
M


T0G0TQ%






@=V%S






M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@


T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

'!T)SX\+V9O;G0^02!S=6UM87)Y(&]F(&]P=&EO;B!A

@9F]R('1H

Q+`R,#$T(&ES('!R97-E;G1E9!B96QO

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'
M24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

M
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#QD:78@

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z
M(#$P

3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!C96YT97([

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO


M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO


M15A4+4%

'!T.R!615)4


M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

M;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D


M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M

M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M

24=..B!C96YT97([($9/


24=.

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\


M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#
W)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58


M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/E=E:6=H=&5D+3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D


24=.





13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C



M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

T0G


M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P



M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\




M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P


M.R!415A4+4%

M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6



M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO

P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


24=..B!C96YT


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D


24=.






#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B





P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M



#`P


3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M



3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\


M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P






M;VUA;CL@0T]

M:60[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

38P


M+4%

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B


M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B


M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\


24=..B!C96YT97([

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

24=..B!C96YT97([

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@


R\S
2\Q
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q


63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXV,PQ.#`\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))



M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C


M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0S-R4^(#QD:78^

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E



P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q

M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#
W)3X@/&1I=CY&;W)F96ET960\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P



P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q

M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

24=..B!L969T


M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C


M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

Q-C`[

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\


M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!L969T.R!&


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q
4^(#QD
M:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C


M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D


M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXV


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C
P+C`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E



P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P



P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q

M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N



M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

3`L
#`P+#`P

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\+V1I

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXT+C0W/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

24=.

#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#


M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

M1RU224=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

24=..B!R

M9F9F9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO


M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P


#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B@Q+#@P-D\+V1I=CX@/]T


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q

M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0S-R4^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M14E'2%0Z(#0P


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0S-R4^

R\S
2\Q-#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

24=..B!R

M8V5E9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C`N
C8\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P

M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#PO='(^(#PO=&%B;&4^(#PO9&EV/B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@


T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


M

'!E;G-E(&9O<B!T:&4@86)O=F4@




M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P


]
M

]






T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].

M3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E





N(%1H92!C;VUP;VYE;G1S(&]F('1H92!#;VUP
M86YY)W

@87
@
M;V8@)B
Q-C`[36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3
@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO
M=W

'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P

05!313H@8V]L


T0P/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0U-24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P


M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\
M9&EV/C(P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M

M(#0P


M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9CL@0T]

M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV/B`\


M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^-2PY.3DL-CDR/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\+V1I=CX@

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z

M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C4L.#$T+#8R.#PO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G



M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4


M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D


M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^,C4L-#@S/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M



M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@
M/&1I=CXQ+#0T

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-34E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q

M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M965F9CL@0T]

M:60[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C8L
#0Y
M+#$Y

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`Q

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV


T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-34E/B`\9&EV/E9A;'5A=&EO

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B@V+#`T

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B@U+#@W-2PS.#0I

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV


M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9F9F9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P




P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS



M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@
M/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L



M14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)




M4TE:13H@

M

C`L-C$T+#`P


M=V%R9'

M(&ES('-U8FIE8W0@=&\@;&EM:71A=&EO;G
L(&%N9!T:&5S92!A;6]U;G1S
M('=I;&P@8F5G:6X@=&\@97AP:7)E(&EN(#(P,C@N/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/B`\

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE



T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT



M;VUP86YY)W
F(S$V


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE



3$%0

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


M=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V



3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M
C`Q

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q

M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q
M
4^(#QD:78^+3,Y+C8P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\


#`P
M

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^+3,T+C`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-34E/B`\


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]

#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B4\+V1I

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P



P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B4\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/]T

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P



P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^,XP
#PO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B4\

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q
4^(#QD
M:78^,XP

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B4\+V1I=CX@/]T


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P

N.#

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0U

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))



M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E



P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@


M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

24=..B!L



#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXP+C`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N


M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M5%E


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\+W1A8FQE/B`\

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN(#!I



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@



M='5R;G
@9F]R(#(P

@8GD@=&AE($EN
M=&5R;F%L(%)E=F5N=64@4V5R=FEC92X@26X@861D:71I;VXL('1H92!#;VUP

M='


5\R
SDT7S0P96%?868R




CX\

]






T1T;W`^
M0V]M;6ET;65N='
@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97


T0G0TQ%05(Z

T1J=7-T:69Y/CQS

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY.;W1E(#$S
M(8C
34P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C

M3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M.R!&3TY4+49!34E









'!T)SXR+#8W




@9F]R(&%N;G5A;`\9F]N=!S='EL


14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z




M13H@


M34E


T1J


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M

M24Y$14Y4.B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`Q

M4D=)3CH@
&EN(#!I;B`P:6X@
XU:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`V,4[($)/4D1%4BU#
M3TQ

3!P=#L@3U9%4D9




'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0W)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#
M3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-

F(S$V

M


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#


P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M4CIB;W1H.T-

13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

M14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R
M/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO

P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M


M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0W)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB
M;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXR,#$U/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#


M5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B
M;W1H)SXU

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T

14%2.F)O
M=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/C(P

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P

M14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9


13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0W)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!
M4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXR
#$W/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^


24=..B!L969T.R!&


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$


M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV
M/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C

P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


T0G

M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB
M;W1H.T-


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXM

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@8F]T

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]

M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%


#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@
M,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXR
#(L

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#

M(#PO9&EV/B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T

'!T)SY296YT86P@97AP96YS92P@=VAI


38P.S



M04U)3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ
M(#!I;B`P:6X@

T0G

M;&4]


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T

'!T)SXF(S$V

@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T



M86=E+B8C
38P.R8C


M=&AE(&9A8VEL:71Y(&)Y('1H92!C;VUP86YY+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


M/B8C

'!T
M.TU!4D=)3CH@



M14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)




M4TE:13H@



3$
@8V]M;65N


63H@

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97






M.B`Q
'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
M


M5&EM97


T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF


M4TE:13H@


N(&-O;6UE;F-E9!A(&QA=W-U:70@:6X@=&AE('-T871E(&]F
M($9L;W)I9&$\+V9O;G0^('1O(')E8V]V97(@=&AE(&)A;&%N8V4@;W=E9!B




M




M8VLN(%1H:7


M:6ME;&EH;V]D(&]F(&%N('5N9F%V;W)A8FQE(&]U=&-O;64@8V%N;F]T(&)E

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

3$





BPQ
#8\+V9O;G0^('!L
M=7


T0G1D].

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

63H@)U1I


@87!P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE

M;&4]

@9&]N92!A



M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)




M4TE:13H@






#`\+V9O;G0^('!L=7

M;&4]






'!T)SXF(S$V
M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'
M24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

M

M

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@/]F;VYT/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@



@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M3E0M4TE:13H@



M(&%M;W5N='

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

L(0\9F]N=!S

'!T)SXS-C


M5&EM97

M

@9F]R(&$@=&]T86P@;V8@)#QF;VYT('-T



CPO9F]N=#XN(%1H92!T;W1A;`D
M,C`L,C,R(&%M;W5N=!W87

M86EN=&EF9B`H)B
X
C(P.T)E86YP;W0F(S@R
C$[*2!F;W(@=&AE('1O=&%L

'!T)SXR

'!T)SY$=64@=&\@=&AE(&QA8VL@;V8@


T0G0TQ%05(Z

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@






M



M;&%I;7




3!P

M;VYT/B!W87


@3F5W

C

M=&EN9R!);F



M34E



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG

#PO9F]N=#XN(%=E(&1I

@;W5R(')E8V]R9'


M.B`Q



3$L

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M25I%.B`Q


M13H@

M14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)


M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS


'!T)SX@/]F;VYT/CPO9F]N=#XF(S$V,#L\
M+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63I4



'!T)SXR
BPP
#`\+V9O;G0^('1H870@:7
@9'5E


@:6X@
C`Q
R!T

M97

#`\






C
L(#0Q
2X@/&9O






14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-

M:6X@

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-
M05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

M;&4]

M
'!T)SX@/]F;VYT/CPO9F]N=#XF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M960@8GD@=7

M13H@





'!T)SXF
M(S$V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-
M05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

M;&4]

M

2P@

@;W=E

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/

M1TE..B`P:6X@





M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q8F$Y9#%D
5\R
SDT7S0P96%?868R85]E8V4W


M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P






]



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

]
T1T97AT

]


'!T



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I

63I4


M


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/

M1TE..B`P:6X@

2P@




@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-
M05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#QD


'!T


M4TE:13H@




M3TY4+49!34E


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

#`L

M3TY4+49!34E

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M04U)3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ
M(#!I;B`P:6X@

T0G

M;&4]

'!T)SY/;B!!



M



M
C`Q
R!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97


@3F5W(%)O

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


#0\+V9O;G0^+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


38P.SPO

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
M





M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXS+#8R-SPO9F]N=#X@870@82!C;VYV97)S:6]N
M('!R:6-E(&]F(0\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-
M05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#QD


'!T





@3F5W(%)O;6%N

Q+`R,#$U/]F

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-
M05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#QD


'!T
M)SY/;B!-87D@
2P@

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S

&EN(#!P


T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF








M3TY4+49!34E



M3TY4+49!34E




#`\+V9O


C`Q
R!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@8V]N
M=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




@3F5W(%)O



'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS


T0G



@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG


M.B`Q
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

M


C`Q
R!C;VYS;VQI
M9&%T960@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97





M97

#`U

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T

'!T)SXF(S$V

@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T









#4\+V9O;G0^+CPO9F]N

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


M
RP@




S4L


M


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-

M:6X@


T1J




3!P





3!P

M3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E









63I4

M3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M



3
@8V]N

'!T)SXV+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X@870@82!C;VYV

'!T)SXN
M

T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I

&EN

M;&4]


@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T


T0G0TQ%05(Z

'!T)SY/;B!-87D@
C(L(#(P
30L

'!T)SX@
3(L
#`P
M+#`P


#`\+V9O;G0^(&%T


#0\+V9O;G0^+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


38P.SPO

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
M



#`L

M34E

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M


T1J=7-T



M.B`Q
'!T)SX@
30L
#`P+#`P




M13H@



M+49!34E







@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-
M05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#QD


'!T
M)SY/;B!-87D@
S`L(#(P

M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@





@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@

'!T)SY/;B!*=6YE(#$L(#(P
30L('=E(&ES

M97

M
#PO9F]N=#X@9F]R('1H96ER($IU;F4L(#(P


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-
M05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#QD


'!T
M)SY/;B!*=6YE(#
L(#(P

M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@
34L
#`P+#`P




M4TE:13H@



M3TY4+49!34E







M04U)3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ
M(#!I;B`P:6X@

T0G

M;&4]

'!T)SY/;B!*
M=6YE(#0L(#(P

M
'!T)SX@
34L.#`P+#`P




M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@



M;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E


@



3



'!T)SXU+#8P
#PO9F]N=#X@870@82!C;VYV97)S:6]N

'!T)SXN
#`P-#PO

T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT('-T



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE


2P@

M

63H@)U1I;65S($YE

#`\+V9O



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&IU







#`\+V9O;G0^







M97

#`U

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T

'!T)SXF(S$V

@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SY/;B!*=6YE(#(T+`R

M3E0M4TE:13H@




C`Q
R!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97
@

M97

M
#PO9F]N=#X@870@82!C;VYV97)S:6]N('!R:6-E(&]F(0\9F]N=!S='EL

'!T)SXN

M86QI9VX]

3!P

14%2.F)O
M=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



@

M



M;&4]



@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T

'!T)SY/;B!*=6QY(#$L(#(P
30L('=E

M5&EM97

M+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X@9F]R('1H96ER($IU;'DL(#(P


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@


T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


M

M;VYG92!N=6UB97(@



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2


M)B

T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT('-T






M


M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
M


T0G0TQ%


2P@
M


M

M)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4




M3E0M4TE:13H@

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M;VX@;V8@=&AE($9E8G)U87)Y+`R,#$S(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!C;VYV97)T




M


M13H@

'!T)SX\9F]N

M3E0M4TE:13H@

M3TY4+49!34E




2P@


'!T)SXQ


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@




M25I%.B`Q

C8L(#(P

'!T)SX@-38L-30V+#@U




3!P

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97




'!T)SXN
#`P
CPO9F]N=#X\+V9O

'!T.TU!
M4D=)3CH@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@




63H@)U1I;65S

#`\



T0G

'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I
M;B`P:6X@

T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY/;B!397!T96UB97(@,2P@,C`Q-P@=V4@:7-S=65D




C4L
#`P/]F
M;VYT/B!F;W(@=&AE:7(@4V5P=&5M8F5R+`R

M=FEC97

T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT('-T



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE



M('1H92!A;6]U;G0@;V8@)#$P+C`P

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M

M.B`P:6X@


M



2P@
M

T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I

&EN



2P@

M86QI9VX]

3!P

14%2.F)O
M=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P




'!T
M)SXR-2PP

M14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)




M4TE:13H@





C4L

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].

'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG



63H@)U1I;65S



'!T
M)SXF(S$V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@



#$T



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


38P.SPO9F]N

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN









BP@
C`Q-3PO9F]N=#X@


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


38P

'!T.TU!4D=)
M3CH@




'!T)SXS
2PU
#`\


@3F5W


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@




M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SY/;B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(&$@:F]I;G0@=F5N='5R92!W:71H($YE=R!%;F=L86YD(%=/0BP@3$Q#('1O



'!T
M)SXS
#`L



2PR
#`L

#`\+V9O;G0^



@

P

@=6YD97(@071T:71U


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


38P.SPO

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
M


2P@
C`Q-2P@=V4@:7-S=65D




C4L

M3TY4+49!34E




@;V8@8V]M

M96UB97(@
2P@
C`Q

'!T)SXR-2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^(&%T(&$@



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


38P.SPO9F]N

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN


30@

M


#`@=&\@
R!A8V-R961I=&5D(&1E


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG



M/3-$)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&


Q-C`[


M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



M97



S`P+#`P
#PO

M.B`Q




@97%U86P@=&\@=&AE(&YU;6)E



@:7-S=65D




T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT


38P.SPO9&EV

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S

&EN(#!P

2P@
C`Q-2P@=V4@:7-S=65D(&$@8V]N=F5R




C4L

!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#HQ



M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
6)A.60Q9#%?
C
Y-%\T
&5A7V%F
M

O4VAE970R
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]





]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

M4&]L:6-I97




M25I%.B`Q
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN



38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P
M.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.U!R:6YC:7!L97


M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R

M;65N='
@:6YC;'5D92!T:&4@86-C;W5N='
@;V8@071T:71U9&4@1')I;FMS





M96X@96QI;6EN871E9X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO9&EV/CQT86)L92!B;W)D
M97(]




]

T1J

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M

M.B`P:6X@

'!T)SX@*&(I)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B


M4TE:13H@

M)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4



@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P=&5D

@;6%N



M86YY)B
X
C$W.W



]




M1D].5#H@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE


T1J=7-T:69Y/CQS=')O




M13H@

M14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)



@


@;F\@:6YT


M9'1H.C$P


]
#L@1D].5#H@,3!P=!4:6UE<R!.

T1J=7-T:69Y/CPO

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I

&EN

'!T)SX@*&0I)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B


M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA







M3CH@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-

M:6X@

T1J



'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


38P

'!T.TU!4D=)
M3CH@



Q-C`[)B

M=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R

M92XF(S$V
#LF(S$V

@9F]R(&5A8V@@

M97

M+B8C

@3F5W

Q
M-C`[5&AE(&-O;7!O;F5N='
@;V8@:6YV96YT;W)I97
@87
@;V8@36%R8V@@
M
S$L(#(P



'!T)SXF(S$V
M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5$58

T0G
M34%21TE..B`P:6X@
&EN(#!I;B`Q:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`V-24[($)/4D1%4BU#
M3TQ


T0P/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0T
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M



M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS

CX@/&1I=CY-87)C:8C,38P.S,Q+8C
38P.S(P
M
3

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0T
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q
24@

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


24=..B!C

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE



P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^,S`L,#DP/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C$P
2PW
C$\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q
4^
M(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

24=..B!L969T.R!&


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]

M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M86P@:6YV96YT;W)I97

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
M
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXS


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M3TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

M24=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXQ,#$L-S(Q/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I

&EN



M
S$L(#(P

T0G
M=VED=&@Z

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


T1T


&EN(#!I

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@



38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P
M.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C


T1J=7-T



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-

M:6X@




Q-C`[)B

@87)E(&1I


M:78^(#PO9&EV/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]

M


]
T1R





14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z



M


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE




T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M
#LF(S$V

@=&AE(&-O
M;7!O;F5N='
@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!724142#H@
3`P




'!T

#`P
#`P


M13H@

T0Q

M
#LS
2PF(S$V
#LR

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P


M(S`P
#`P

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/DUA

Q-C`[
S$L)B
Q-C`[
C`Q

M



'!T.R!615)4


M25I%.B`Q


M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!

M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%



#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-#`E/B`\9&EV/E1R861E;6%R:R!C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P

S(L

#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^


M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@
M/&1I=CXS

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0P)3X@/&1I=CY
97-S(&%C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXH
C8L

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M9CL@0T]




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

24=..B!L


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P


M-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P




P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C0L-S@V/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M8V5E9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

'!T)SX\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


T1J=7-T:69Y



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

'!T)SXR

M

M




2P@
C`Q





6QE
M/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P<'0[34%21TE..B`P:6X@,&EN(#!P=<@86QI9VX]
T1J

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M

M.B`P:6X@

'!T)SX@*&@I)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B

M14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)




M4TE:13H@








M(&%N9!E=F5N='5A;!D:7-P;W-I=&EO;B!O9B!T:&4@87-S971S+B!7:&5N







'0^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=-05)'24XZ(#!P=`P<'@[




M;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E


T1J


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M

M.B`P:6X@



M:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='

M;&4@=&5R;7







M86)L92P@86-C;W5N='

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T

'!T)SY$97)I=F%T:79E(&9I;F%N8VEA





M;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='





63I4

M3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E







L('!R:6]R('1O($9E8G)U87)Y

@9&5R



M:&5R('1H86X@8FEF=7)C871E('1H92!D97)I=F%T:79E+B!792!B96QI979E

M:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N=#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


38P.SPO

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
M


M.B`Q



@9'5E('1O('1H96ER(')E;&%T:79E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS1&IU





M=VEN9R!T:')E92!C871E9V]R:65S.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


38P

'!T.U1%6%0M




N

M3D1%3E0Z(#(W+C5P=#L@34%21TE..B`P:6X@

Q-C`[

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY,979E;`R.B!&:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS
M=')U;65N='

L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!O=F5R('1H

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T

63I4


M3E0M4TE:13H@

M:&%N9V4N(%1H:7




@87)E(&1E


@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@




M
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@




979E

T0P('-T



M

'!T)SY4:&4@0V]M

L(&EN=F5N



T0G=VED=&@Z
3`P)3L@=&%B;&4M;&%Y;W5T

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X\='(^


T1T;W`^4F5V96YU92!296-O9VYI=&EO;BP@



T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T

'!T)SX@*&HI)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[4F5V
M96YU92!296-O9VYI=&EO;CH\+V9O;G0^/]I/CPO8CX\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M3TY4+49!34E



@



38P.R8C


@


@;VX@:71S



#M2979E;G5E(%)E8V]G;FET:6]N
M)B
X
C(Q.R`H)B
X
C(P.T%30R`V
#4F(S@R



M(&]N('-C86XF(S@R

#$S

M=6-H('1I;64@87


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE



T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT







M97


'!T)SXR+#8R-3PO

2P@







@3F5W


#$T(&%N9!-87)C
M:`S
2P@
C`Q


]

]


M
'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@




14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M



'!T)SY3

@:6YC=7)R960@=&\@9&5L:79E

38P.R8C
38P.U1H97-E

'!T
M)SXR


3!P

S$L
M(#(P








#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#M);F-O;64@5&%X97
Z/]F;VYT/CPO:3X\+V(^/]D:78^(#QD


'!T
M)SXF(S$V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@




@87)E(&1E=&5R;6EN960@



M97)S92XF(S$V
#LF(S$V

@;6]R92!L


Q-C`[)B

M='


M
#D@=&AR;W5G:`R,#$T+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#
M3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E


#$T(&%N9`R,#$S+!W92!H



M.C$P


]
M

]

T0G

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'
M24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M


T1J=7-T






M=&\@8F%S:6



Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R





'!T)SX@-2PW



'!T)SX@.#$T

#$S(&%N9!W97)E(&YO=!I;F-L

M:&%R92!B96-A=7-E('1H96ER(&5F9F5C=!W87,@86YT:2UD:6QU=&EV92X\
M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO9&EV/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]

M)W=I9'1H.C$P


]



'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
M

#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#M296-E;G0@06-C;W5N

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@

'!T)SX@)B


R-3(U
C4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@











@=VET:&EN('1H;W-E




30N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@979A;'5A=&EO


M86-T(&]N('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N
M='


M/3-$)T-/3$]2.B`C

#L\

M04U)3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ
M(#!I;B`P:6X@

T0G
M0T]

M
C`Q









R-3(U
C4[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

38P.SPO9F]N

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN

M4CH@(S(U
C4R-3L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY);B!*86YU87)Y+`R
#$S






M='


M(&]F(&%D;W!T:6]N('=I;&P@:&%V92!A(&UI;FEM=6T@:6UP86-T(&]N('1H

M
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@

M=!S='EL93TS1=#3TQ/4CH@(S(U

14%2.F)O=&@[

M34%21TE..B`P:6X@






#$S+B!4:&4@969F96-T(&]F(&%D;W!T:6]N('=I;&P@:&%V92!A
M(&UI;FEM=6T@:6UP86-T(&]N('1H92!#;VUP86YY+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@


]
6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P<'0[34%21TE..B`P:6X@
M,&EN(#!P=<@86QI9VX]

M)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4


@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T


@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG



M4TE:13H@

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


3

T0G=VED
M=&@Z

T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


T1T;W`^

@6U!O


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
M


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I

&EN


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE



M;&4]


L

#$T


C(N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M




#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\






'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


M

M(#


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M

Q

M0T]


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0G


M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!C

CX@/&1I=CY-87)C:8C,38P.S,Q+8C
38P.S(P
30\+V1I

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C





24=..B!C96YT

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V




M86X[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\+V1I=CX@

13H@;F]R;6%L


M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXQ

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P


#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M
M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-#`E/B`\9&EV/E1O

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q
4^(#QD:78^,S`L,#DP/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M


3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\+W1A8FQE/B`\
M+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63I4

'!T)SXH




M(#
Q+`R,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
M
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ
#`E.R!T86)L92UL87EO=70Z9FEX960[)R!C




14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@/]F;VYT/E1R861E;6%R:W
@87)E(&)E:6YG

14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z



3$%04T4Z(&-O

T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B


M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

CX@
M/&1I=CY-87)C:8C,38P.S,Q+8C
38P.S(P

13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO



M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U19

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

T0G5$58


M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

M;VUA;CL@0T]

M:60[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R
M/B`\9&EV/B8C



M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D


M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXS
BPQ-3$\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))


M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q



24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q



M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-


M1494.B`R-G!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M8FQE.R!415A4+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU4

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z

P
#`P
#`@

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!


T0Q
4^(#QD:78^-PW.#8\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P
6]U=#IF:7AE9#LG(&-E;&QS



M87)T7S%B83ED
60Q7S(S.31?-#!E85]A9C)A7V5C93=A.&5C8V1C9`T*0V]N





]

M



]
T1T:#Y-
M87(N(#




M


T1J=7-T:69Y/CPO

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I

&EN

&5D(&%S<V5T

@;V8@36%R8V@@
M
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3

T1J=7-T



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14Y4.B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`Q

M3CH@
&EN(#!I;B`P:6X@

M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
S`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@



M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C


M+4%

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S

3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
M



M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'


T0Q

M)B

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E


M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^,3DL-C8Y/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M



M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0S


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C


M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXQ
BPX

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M
3(L.#

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q

M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58

M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXR-PS.#(\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q
4^
M(#QD:78^,C0L,S@R/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0S

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q
4^(#QD:78^.#(W/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^.#(W/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0S
4^
M(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

24=..B!L969T.R!&


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q
M
4^(#QD:78^-C$L-C(V/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

24=..B!L969T


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M

#`P

M
T0Q

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0S

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q




24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q

M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#


M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%

P
M
#`P
#`@

M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^,C@L.#4X/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N


M;&4^(#PO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#HQ



M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
6)A.60Q9#%?
C
Y-%\T
&5A7V%F
F%?96-E



M(&-O;G1E;G0]


M/3-$


@



]



M=&]P/E-C:&5D=6QE(&]F($%C8W)U960@3&EA8FEL:71I97
@6U1A8FQE(%1E




14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


T0G1D].

2P@




&EN(#%I;CL@
M5TE$5$@Z(#4X)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@3U9%4D9


M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#
S)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M




M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS

CX@/&1I=CXR
#$S/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
S
E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U19

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\



P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0S



M8V5E9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO


M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I
M=CXS+#(V

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L


M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R
M/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4



P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P



P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

M24=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXU.#`L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0S
M

M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXY.PP

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]

#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXQ+#0U-BPY
#0\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

2PR


M9F9F9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q

M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X@/&1I=CXQ-S`L-SDR/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0S
R4^(#QD:78^3W1H
M97(@97AP96YS97

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N


M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXQ
S`L-38W/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P

3DP+#4W.#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
S
E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M8V5E9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#0P


#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#
S)3X@/&1I=CY4;W1A;!!8V-R=65D
M($QI86)I;&ET:65S/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R

M9F9F9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`E/B`\9&EV/C4L-S
S+#

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

M9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



60Q7S(S







]




]
T1T:#Y-
M87(N(#



M/3-$=&]P/E-C:&5D=6QE(&]F($UA='5R:71I97
@;V8@3&]N9RUT97)M($1E



M


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN

M

'!T.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!724142#H@




'!T






24=..B!C96YT97([

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;&4]

13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
S
E/B`\9&EV/EEE87)S)B
Q-C`[96YD:6YG)B
Q
M-C`[36%R8V@F(S$V
#LS

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\



M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
S
E/B`\9&EV/C(P

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`Q

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV
M/C4L.#DQ+#$X

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO
M9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#,S)3X@/&1I=CXR,#$U/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C


M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXQ
#`L

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
S
E/B`\9&EV
M/C(P

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

M+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0S
R4^(#QD
M:78^

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#
S)3X@
M/&1I=CXR

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

M1RU224=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO
M9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#
S)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B








]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V-H
M961U;&4@;V8@1&5B=!;5&%B;&4@5&5X=!;&]C:UT\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@





M;&4]

'!T)SXF(S$V

@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T0G34%21TE..B`P:6X@
&EN
M(#!I;B`P+C5I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#DP)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL
M87!S93L@3U9%4D9



3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

#M&

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4S)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@


#`P

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0R
R4@8V]L

38P.U9A;'5E)B




#`P
M

13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]

M;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#4S)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T




T0Q

M(#QD:78^36%R8V@F(S$V
#LS

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D


24=.

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M.B`Q

M0T]

M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV
M/B8C



M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0U
R4^(#QD:78^)B

M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/C(P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\



M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M15A4+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C8L
C`W+#(W
3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4S)3X@/&1I

C$L
M(#(P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

T0G5$58

M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q
4^
M(#QD:78^-2PU-30L,3@R/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

24=..B!L969T


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E
M/B`\9&EV/C4L
S$P+#(Y

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO


M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I
M=CXT
#`L

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-3


2P@
C`Q-`H8BDL(@R*3PO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C


M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXT
#`L
#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E



M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\+V1I=CX@

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$-3


30@*&
I+`H,RD\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

24=..B!L969T.R!&


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/BT\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B@S+#4Q
2PW

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'


T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C8L-C0T+#(W

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

24=..B!R

M8V5E9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

PV,#$\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN(#!I


@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97
@

C$L(#(P
3

M+49!34E

M13H@


M



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


2PS






M

'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\

M04U)3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ
M(#!I;B`P:6X@

T0G

P@,#`P*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M3TY4+49!34E



M


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/

M1TE..B`P:6X@

M97









^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$4R1CX-B`@(`@(#QT




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M

]

6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P<'0[34%21TE..B`P:6X@,&EN(#!P
M=<@86QI9VX]

14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M

M97
@:7
@87

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@


M(S$V

T0G0TQ%
M05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P

3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

Q

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]

Q-C`[
S$L
M)B
Q-C`[


P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z

M25I%.B`Q

M
38P.S


M25I%.B`Q

M;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M(#QD:78^)B

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!
M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q
24@8V]L

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%



P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M15A4+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C8P+#`P
#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M:78^-C`L

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M(#(P

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%

M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P




P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P




P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M




]

T1J

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M

M.B`P:6X@



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



M8F]R9&5R/3-$


1494.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93L@4$%$


M:6XG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$X)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

M9VX]


T0G4$%$1$E.1RU
M3U143TTZ(#!I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU,1494.B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`R)3L@4$%$
M1$E.1RU224=(5#H@,&EN.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#H@,&EN)R!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.TU!
M4D=)3CH@



'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!B;&%C:R`Q

1494.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93L@4$%$1$E.1RU
M3U143TTZ(#!I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU,1494.B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`S.4[(%!!


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#

T1C



&EN.R!724142#H@


M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M-05)'24XZ
M(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N+'-E




T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O

M4DE'2%0Z(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#H@
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T


&EN(#!I;B`P

M4TE:13H@

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I






'!T
M)SXF(S$V

'!T)SX\




14%2.F)O=&@[34%21TE..B`P:6X@
&EN(#!P=#L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BQS97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M



&EN(#!I;B`P

M4TE:13H@





@

M97


&EN(#!I;B`P

M4TE:13H@

'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S




14%2.F)O=&@[34%2
M1TE..B`P:6X@
&EN(#!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BQS97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
&EN.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#!I
M;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@
&EN.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#H@
&EN)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M-05)'24XZ(#!I
M;B`P:6X@
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@




'!T)SXF(S$V

M.TU!4D=)3CH@



'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\+V9O;G0^4V5P=&5M8F5R(#(P,#@\9F]N=!S='EL


1494


14%2.F)O=&@[34%21TE.
M.B`P:6X@
&EN(#!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BQS
M97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@

M.TU!4D=)3CH@





34L(#(P
#@\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E






&EN.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`P:6X[(%!!



M13H@




M3TTZ(#!I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU


M/3-$)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[34%21TE..B`P:6X@
&EN(#!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BQS97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
G!T)R!A

M/B8C



M

M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS


&EN.R!0041$24Y'+5))



T0G1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
&EN.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#!I;CL@4$%$
M1$E.1RU224=(5#H@
&EN.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#H@
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1T

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M/B8C

M;&4]



'!T




14%2.F)O=&@[34%21TE..B`P:6X@
&EN(#!P=#L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BQS97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q



&EN(#!I

M3E0M4TE:13H@





M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




T0G1D].


M



M97(]




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q8F$Y9#%D
5\R
M




M:78]

]
M


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M:79A=&EV92!


3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

2P@


]




]


@

M4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E

63I4


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

'!T.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)R!A

'!T.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!724142#H@



'!T.R!6




M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0R/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M


38P.S
Q+8C,38P.S(P,30\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T


M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q
24@8V]L

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P


M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV


P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C




M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
M



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#0P


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M


M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B

13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]

M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!






24=..B!C96YT

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V




M86X[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]


M;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




24=..B!C96YT97([

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M4TE:13H@

T0Q




M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#
V)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G

24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V



3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q




M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R





'!T

#`P
#`P


M13H@

T0Q

M
#LS
2PF(S$V
#LR

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P


M(S`P
#`P

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/BA
M979E;8C,38P.S$I/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


#`P
M

13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/BA
979E;8C
M,38P.S,I/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@
M0T]

M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C$L.3DS+#
Y
SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q

M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$U
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M8V5E9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R




60Q7S(S.31?-#!E85]A9C)A7V5C93=A.&5C8V1C



]
T1R97!O


]


G($5Q





T0G0TQ%05(Z



M.B`Q


M8V@@
S$L(#(P
30@:7


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@




M
'!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!724142#H@



M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#,W)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D



M86X[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C



M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q

M:78^)B

13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P




M86X[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C





'!T


#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\


24=..B!C

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q


13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B

13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/D%V97)A9V4\+V1I=CX@

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C



M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U19

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

T0G5$58


M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

M;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P







#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T



M=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M15A4+4%

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G=VAI

24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U19








#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#
W
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@



M86X[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/D5X97)C:7-E

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/E1E


3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q


M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M5$]-.B`C
#`P





#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([


M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


M14E'2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M




#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

T0S-R4^(#QD:78^)B

3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


Q-C`[

M;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
M
#`P



M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
M
#`P



M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#0P


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#0P


3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


Q-C`[

M;VUA;CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#
W
M)3X@/&1I=CY/=71S=&%N9&EN9R!A=`S+S,Q+S$R/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


M15A4+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C8P+#$X
#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M:78^

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q

M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXT+C8V/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#
W)3X@/&1I=CY'

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q

M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#


M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M



P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q

M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

24=..B!L969T.R!&


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!


M5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

24=..B!L


M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/BT\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\


M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C


M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R
M/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#
W)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]

M9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#,W
M)3X@/&1I=CY/=71S=&%N9&EN9R!A=`S+S

#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'


M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P



P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q

M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!


M5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0S-R4^(#QD:78^

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXQ
M,PP
#`L

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`T



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\
M+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M

#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M8V5E9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E



P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P




M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M



M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0S-R4^(#QD:78^1F]R9F5I=&5D/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`T



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P



P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^
M)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L


M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#
W)3X@/&1I=CY%

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C965F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXM
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N


24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU4


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#
W)3X@/&1I=CY/=71S=&%N9&EN
M9R!A=`S+S,Q+S$T/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^,XR-CPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M


M969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M/]T86)L93X@/]D:78^(#PO9&EV/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.C$P


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q8F$Y9#%D
5\R
SDT7S0P96%?868R

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J


M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L





M5&EM97



M34E




N(%1H92!C;VUP;VYE;G1S(&]F('1H92!#
M;VUP86YY)W

@
M87
@;V8@)B
Q-C`[36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3
@87)E(&%S(&9O
M;&QO=W

'!T)R!A;&EG


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P

05!313H@


T0P/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0U-24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R
M/B`\9&EV/C(P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]

M2%0Z(#0P


M86X[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M965F9CL@0T]

M:60[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV


M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^-2PY.3DL-CDR/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\+V1I

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C4L.#$T+#8R.#PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M



M(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))


M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\


M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^,C4L-#@S/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\

M=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X@/&1I=CXQ+#0T

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-34E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q

M54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M(V-C965F9CL@0T]


#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C8L
M
#0Y+#$Y

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\


T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-34E/B`\9&EV/E9A;'5A

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B@V

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B@U+#@W-2PS

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO


M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M8V5E9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P




P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T


M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T:6UE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#PO='(^(#PO=&%B;&4^(#PO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@
M8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ
#`E.R!T86)L92UL87EO=70Z




'!T
M.TU!4D=)3CH@


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@



@=&AE(')E8V]N

#$T(&%N
M9`R,#$S.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E




M5$@Z(#@P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@3U9%4D9



M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4U)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V


3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXR



M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4U)3X@/&1I=CY96YE9FET(&%T(&9E

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]

M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/BTS.2XV
#PO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M(V-C965F9CL@0T]


#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/BTS

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4U)3X@/&1I=CY96YE9FET(&%T('-T871E(')A


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q


P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O


#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]

M(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P



P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXE/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4



M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@

M3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

24=..B!R

M9F9F9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`E/B`\9&EV/C`N

M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$


M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]

24=..B!L969T.R!&


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N



#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C`N

M(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)3PO9&EV/B`\
M+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T


T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\


M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXP+C0X

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

M24=(5#H@
W!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXP+C$T/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-34E/B`\9&EV


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q

M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

34V

M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B4\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C

#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$58

M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q
4^
M(#QD:78^,XP

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M24=(5#H@
W!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
M


M(#QD:78^

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B4\+V1I=CX@

M97(]




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q8F$Y9#%D
5\R
M

P



M:78]

]
M


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M;6ET;65N='
@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97

T0Q


#$T/&)R/CPO




]


'!X.R!&
M3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@



63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M=W


M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2

M.B`Q

&EN(#!I;B`P:6X@
M
XU:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`V,4[($)/4D1%4BU#3TQ

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@3U9%4D9

M:6YG/3-$


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#0W)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B

F(S$V



M86X[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^


M($)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=.


14%2.B!B;W1H

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O
M=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

M5U&04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!T

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!


M8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#0W)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXR
M,#$U/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^



M63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXU
2PY-#`\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C965F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

14%2
M.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M9F9F9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/C(P
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V

M9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V
#L\

M04U)3%DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4



13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#0W)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H
M)SXR

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E


M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%

14%2.F)O
M=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE

M)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[0TQ%05(Z(&)O=&@G/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6


M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXT


P
#`P
#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].



6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-,14%2.B!B;W1H)SXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M


63H@=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-E969F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M8V5E9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O


M;&4]

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M#3$5!4CH@8F]T


M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB
M;W1H.T-
14%2.B!B;W1H)SXR
#(L
S4V/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^


M;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ
#`E.R!T86)L92UL87EO

T0P/CQT


M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q8F$Y9#%D,5\R,SDT7S0P96%?868R85]E
M8V4W83AE8V-D8V0-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
6)A
M.60Q9#%?
C
Y-%\T
&5A7V%F

O
M4VAE970S
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS



M9VX]

M;F0@3F]N+6-O;&QA8F]R871I=F4@07)R86YG96UE;G0@5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS
M(%M


M-2PP
#`L
#`P+#`P


]

]
T1N=6UP/C(P+#`P




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q8F$Y9#%D
5\R
SDT7S0P

R+FAT;6P-


M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W




]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P
3


M=7)E(%M



RPX-#0I/'-P

M86QI9VX]

]




S


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5$0D%#/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S


M97
@*$1E=&%I;'


]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#



]


M
T1T;W`^1FEN:7-H960@9V]O9'
@*&$I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L

P+#`Y




T1T;W`^5&]T86P@:6YV96YT;W)I
M97



]

R!V86QI9VX]
M

M+#$P-R!F;W(@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P


S0N:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$




@*$1E=&%I;'
@

]
T1T:#Y-87(N
M(#


S$L(#(P
3



]


]

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@


97-S(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO

]
T1N=6T^*#(V+#DQ
M


]



M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$52
4%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M

@*$1E
M=&%I;'

CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\







]
T1N




]

]
T1P





T1T;W`^4V%L97
@4')O;6]T
M:6]N86P@17AP96YS97



]












]


]


]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;B!2:7-K($%M;W5N=#PO=&0^#0H@

RPP.3











]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


5\R
SDT7S0P96%?868R




S$L
M(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q

]


]
T1T97AT

]

2PV




]






]


]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]
T1R


]
M

]
T1N


T1T;W`^5F5H:6-L97


]


]


]



]




]




]



6)A.60Q9#%?
C
Y
M-%\T
&5A7V%F
F%?96-E-V$X96-C9&-D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%B83ED
60Q7S(S.31?-#!E85]A9C)A7V5C93=A.&5C8V1C






]

]
T1T
M:#Y-87(N(#


S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@







]



;W-S*2!O;B!$:7-P;W-I






]




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/C


]




;W-S*2!O;B!$:7-P


]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@


M4&%R=%\Q8F$Y9#%D
5\R



M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


#$T/&)R/CPO

]








]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RPR-C$L




M:V5T:6YG('!R;V=R86T@8V]S='









]

]
M



G(&9E97


3




]
T1N=6UP/B0@-2PP

5\R
SDT7S0P96%?868R85]E



CXQ
B!-;VYT:'


M1#(^36%R+B`S
2P@

CY-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@




]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


]

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@-BPV-#0L




S`L



2PW






]


]



M


]



]
T1N=6UP
M/C4L
S$P+#(Y




]
T1F;CX\

]

]
M
















]

]
M

]






]





]

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@3F]T97,@4&%Y86)L93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C


]
T1N=6UP/B0@




T1T;W`^5&AE(&-O;G-O



]

M;W1E/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/ELR73PO=&0^#0H@(`@

#$S


M;F]T97

S4P+#`P


@)#$R
2PS


BPR


T1T;W`^36]N=&AL


#$T(AT;W1A;!O9B`D

]
M



;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q8F$Y9#%D
5\R
SDT7S0P96%?868R85]E8V4W83AE



]



M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@



]

M;'5A=&EO;B!496-H;FEQ=65S(%M





T1T;W`^
C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@

T1T;W`^
C`Q-CPO=&0^#0H@

T1T;W`^
C`Q-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^





6)A.60Q9#%?
C
Y-%\T
&5A
M7V%F
F%?96-E-V$X96-C9&-D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+S%B83ED




]

]

T0Q/C$R($UO

]


]


]

]


S$L
M(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`P
M-RP@
C`Q


]
T1T


#DL(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@











M9V=R96=A=&4@4F5T86EN97(@1F5E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S





]



M=&5X=#Y*=6P@









]

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L-#4V+#DP-#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
M
C(Q+#8W

]
M

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@3F]T97,@4&%Y86)L93PO=&0^#0H@(`@




P+#8P


]


]



]



T1T;W`^36]N



C`Q
B!T;R!.;W9E

C`Q



]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^1&5B







C4L


#`L

M(#(P
3
@0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@3F]T92!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@











]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]

]


]



T1T;W`^1&5B


M=6UE;G0L($9A8V4@06UO=6YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$













]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^/'-T











]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@





M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y);B!A9&1I=&EO


2P@
C`Q
RP@86QL;VYG92`C.2!F;W(@)#@X+#`P
!D871E
M9!*=6YE(#4L(#(P
3

#`P(&1A=&5D
M($IU;F4@
C$L(#(P
3

M($IU;'D@
C
L(#(P
3

3$P+#`P

3`L
#`P(&1A

M

M-2PP
#`@9&%T960@3F]V96UB97(@
34L(#(P
3
@86YD(&%L;&]N9V4@(S$V

#`P(&1A=&5D($9E8G)U87)Y(#$Q+`R,#$T(D@=V5R92!A




















]










]


]


]


T1T;W`^1&5B=!#;VYV97)S:6]N+!#;VYV97)T960@



M;7`^-S4N









]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]




]


]


]






]


]


]

M86QI9VX]


]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@
M3F]T97


3(Q+#


]


T1T;W`^4F5T86EN97(@1F5E(%1O=&%L



#`L
#`P/'-P86X^









]


]


]


]


]



]

]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/C
U


]























]
T1N=6UP/C$P

]
T1R:#X-











]


]


]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5B=!#;VYV97)S:6]N
M+!#;VYV97)T960@26YS=')U;65N=P@4F%T93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT















]


]


]


]


]



]






M-2PP



































U


;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q8F$Y9#%D
5\R
SDT7S0P96%?868R85]E8V4W



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO


M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^

M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`Q-P@



]



]


]


]


34L




T1T;W`^07!R:6P@
M
30L(#(P

]
T1T

]
T1T

]



]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]




M






:6YE($ET96US








M+R\O0SHO
6)A.60Q9#%?
C
Y-%\T
&5A7V%F
F%?96-E-V$X96-C9&-D+U=O

O4VAE970T
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]




]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#


]
T1T

]
T1T

]





M

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

]


T1T;W`^1&5B







]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]










]


]

M86QI9VX]

B!S:&%R97




#`Y(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@









]


]

M

]





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

B!S:&%R97
@;V8@8V]M;6]N
M('-T;V-K(#(I


60Q7S(S







]

T1)1#!%-E=1SX-B`@


]

T0Q

T0Q/CPO=&@^


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R




]
M
T1T:#Y*86XN(#$U+`R,#`Y/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

3@L(#(P
#@\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^075G+B`P-2P@

#`X/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R













]
T1N=6UP/B0@-34L
#`P/'-P


34L









]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


]
T1N=6UP/C4L










]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]


]


]




@;W(@4FEG:'1S








]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PV-3`\


M(#4P

]












]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]





















]

M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q8F$Y9#%D
5\R
SDT7S0P96%?868R85]E8V4W83AE






]


T0Q/C`@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D

^
2!-
M;VYT:'



#`Y

M


]
T1T:#Y*

M/DIA;BX@
C8L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^2G5L+B`R-RP@
C`Q


#DL(#(P















]




34L(#(P










































3`L
M



]





#$U

M1&5C(#






M;G0L($EN=&5R97-T(%)A=&4@5&5R;7


]


]


]


]

@

]
T1T

]
T1T

]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P+C`P)3QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

34N


























]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P


]


]


]


]



]


]


]


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T
M;W`^3F]T97


]


]


]


]


]
















]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P


]














M961S(&9R;VT@3F]T97


]














]
T1R

]

M96YT(%M



















]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@











M)`T,PP



]


]


]


]


]


5\R
SDT7S0P96%?

T0G=&5X



]

]


]

]
M






]

]
T1N=6UP/C`\


B!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@









]



]


]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
2PY.3
L

M/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q8F$Y9#%D
5\R
SDT7S0P96%?868R85]E8V4W83AE8V-D





^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@


S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M36%R+B`S
2P@


S`L(#(P
#D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


]
M

]
M


M9VX]


]


]
M








]



]


]

]
T1P







]

]
T1T97AT

]
M
T1N=6UP/C(Q+#0V




]
T1N=6UP/C$L-3`P/'-P86X^











]


]


T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@27-S=65D



]
T1R

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^
M2X@2F]H;B!=6-K;6%N(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L






]


]

M86QI9VX]









CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]


]
















]
T1R;SX-


]


]


]



]
T1T


M









]

]







T1T;W`^4')E9F5R













]
M

@1W)A;G1E9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q8F$Y9#%D
5\R
M




M:78]

]
M



G($1E9FEC:70Z(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$(0I/&)R/CPO

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L(#(P
3
\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M

]



]










#`L




T1T;W`^3W!T:6]N

]
M



M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D]P=&EO;G
@1F]R9F5I=&5D+!3:&%R97,\+W1D/@T*(`@

]



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]




M($]U='-T86YD:6YG+!796EG:'1E9!!=F5R86=E($5X97)C:7-E(%!R:6-E



]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
#QS


T1T;W`^


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
#QS


T1T;W`^


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
#QS


T1T;W`^





M=&EO;G



]


M($]U='-T86YD:6YG+!796EG:'1E9!!=F5R86=E(%)E;6%I;FEN9R!#;VYT


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]


]







;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q8F$Y9#%D
5\R
SDT7S0P96%?

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS



]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


]
T1T:#Y397`N(#
P

M
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R
M+B`S
2P@

#`Y/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R






]


]

















]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@







#`P


]













]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]


]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C4T+#`P
M

#`L




]


]




]
T1T

]
T1T

]

]






]
T1N=6UP/B0@















]




]


]

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1T

]

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



T1T;W`^4F5D96UP


]


]



]



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M16%C:!S:&%R92!O9B!397)I97



]




M:G


M9#TS1$E$




@5&5X='5A;`R*2`H55-$(0I/&)R



^
2!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\


@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@



]
M



]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T/C`@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@

2!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

3XP($UO;G1H




]
T1T
M:#Y-87(N(#

M1'1H/DYO=BX@
#8L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`R


]



]



]


]

C`Q
SQB

#$S


M
3

]


]
T1T:#Y3


3`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^07!R+B`Q
2P@
C`Q



]

38L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`R.2P@
C`Q



3(L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`Q
RP@
C`Q


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^

#(L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^075G+B`Q.2P@
C`Q


#$S/&)R

C0L(#(P
3
\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^075G+B`R
BP@
C`Q
M

M


T1T;W`^


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K
M+!3:&%R97













































]
T1N=6UP/C
P

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M



C(Q+#8W


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]











































]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@

]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C4L-#$R/'-P







































C`Q


@;V8@


]


]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C4L
#`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C
L
#`P+#`P
M


]
T1N=6UP/CDL
34P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C0L


]
T1N=6UP
M/C
L
#`P+#`P

]
T1N=6UP/C(L-3`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C(L
S4R+#DT
M



]
T1N=6UP/C
R

M





]
T1N=6UP/C
R
M


]






]
T1N


RPV







]
T1N
M=6UP/C4L





]
T1N=6UP/C$V+#0V-3QS

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$U+#
P

























#`Y/'-P86X^


]
T1N=6UP/B0@





M+C`P








#`T
C4\

M(#`N


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

M


#`R

#



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M

























































































]














































]
T1N
M=6UP/C4L
#`P+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L-3`P+#`P

]
T1N=6UP/C$L


]
T1N
M=6UP/C(L
#`P+#`P




]
M

]


M

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP
M/C4L



]
T1N=6UP/C8R+#
U






]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


































M




]
T1N=6UP/B0@




#










































M



M9VX]

3
@0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@3F]T92!4=V\@

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]






]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
L
#`P+#`P
#QS

]
M
T1N=6UP/C$L-#DX+#@U





]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5B=!#;VYV97)S:6]N
M+!#;VYV97)T960@26YS=')U;65N=P@06UO=6YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



]
T1N=6UP/C8L



S4\

M+#
P


]





]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


































]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M



#


]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#`P




M(#(P
3
@0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@3F]T92!4:')E92!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@























































































@27-S=65D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S






































]




]


]



]


]


]


]



C`Q
M


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^1&5B=!#;VYV97)S:6]N+!#;VYV97)T960@26YS=')U;65N




]










































]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@

































]


]


]


]


]



]


]













































]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C(L
M-3`P+#`P

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
































M












M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
6)A.60Q9#%?
C
Y-%\T
&5A7V%F
F%?96-E

O4VAE970U
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M0U



]



2!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

CXP($UO

@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@



]
M



]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/C`@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@

2!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

3XP($UO;G1H




]
T1T



]

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/C`@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H

2!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*






]


T0Q/C$@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@


]

]

]

]


]

]


]



3`L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M36%R+B`Q
BP@
C`Q



]
T1T:#Y*86XN(#$V+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C


3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`Q-RP@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

#$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`R


]

MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`Q.P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO

#$R/&)R

]

C$L
M(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`R
M-BP@
C`Q


#8L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M4V5P+B`Q.2P@
C`Q



]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C4L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

3$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1F5B+B`R
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@



]

#4L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`Q-BP@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO

#@L(#(P
3(\8G(^

30L(#(P
3
\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`R-RP@
C`Q
M

M

]
T1T:#Y$96
N

M=BX@
#@L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M3F]V+B`Q.2P@
C`Q



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#$X+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C


]

3DL(#(P


]

#8L(#(P
3

]

34L(#(P
3
\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2F%N+B`R
RP@
C`Q
SQB

#$S

]
T1T:#Y*86XN(#$P

M
S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]
M



:6YE($ET96US



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PR



]






]














































































:6YE($ET96US73PO


#`\

M+#@T

























































































































































]


#(R


#(Q
C

#`R

























































































































































M=&5S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\














































































]

]


]
T1N=6UP/C(S+#@P.2PU


#`P
M+#`P

]
T1N=6UP/C$Y
PP,#`L,#`P/'-P86X^/]S

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$Y


]


#`L
#`P/'-P

C4L
M.3`P+#`P






]
T1N=6UP
M/C0L.3`P+#`P

]
T1N=6UP/C8V
RPX


]
T1R93X-






2PQ

2PV

]





]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@


#


#`X








#`P-#4\

M(#`N
#`Q


#`Q

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]




M1&YU;7`^





RPQ
3





M+#(Q

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M
T1T;W`^36%R8V@L(#(P
3$@0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@3F]T97


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^1&5B=!#;VYV97)S:6]N+!#;VYV97)T

S


RPR
C4L

]
T1N
M=6UP/C


]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#`P

#`L



]
T1N=6UP/C
L
#`P+#`P
#QS

]
M
T1N=6UP/C
L
C4P+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^1&5B=!#;VYV97)S:6]N+!#;VYV97)T960@


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#4P

]


#QS

]
T1N



]


]


#(Q
C

#`R

















#


#`T


M



#`P-#







M
#`Q
#



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
M






























































]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P


]
T1N=6UP/C
P+#`P

]
T1N=6UP/C4L
3`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C4L.#`P+#`P
M

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T

]


]


]



]




]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]


]


]


M
#`U










#`P


#0U/'-P

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]














































































M/D-L87-S(&]F(%-T;V-K(%M























































































































]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]















































































C`Q



















































































]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^1&5B
M=!#;VYV97)S:6]N+!#;VYV97)T960@26YS=')U;65N=P@06UO=6YT/]T










































]
T1N=6UP/C4P+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^1&5B











































#0S/'-P86X^



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



C`Q
2!#;VYV97)T:6)L



@27-S=65D











]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5B=!#













]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

M97)S:6]N(%!R:6-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\










M(#`N
#`P


























#`S

































]




]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
S
2PX-S4L



#`L
M

M;7`^
C`U+#`P

]
T1N=6UP/C$P-PX.34L.#,S/'-P86X^/]S



























]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

S8L
#`P/'-P

S(L







]


M=&5S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\














































































]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


#`L
#`P/'-P86X^


38P
M+#`P

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M

]
T1N=6UP/C4L


















































C`P.2!#;VYV97)T:6)L92!.;W1E





C
L
3(U+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^1&5B=!#
M;VYV97)S:6]N+!#;VYV97)T960@26YS=')U;65N=P@06UO=6YT/]T9#X-















































]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



M
#@@0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@3F]T92!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


























































































































































M:&%R97
@27-S=65D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\









M
#`L
#`P+#`P


]

#`L







#`P+#`P


]


]


]


M
#`L












M1&YU;7`^
3
P+#`P

]

#`L
M

M;7`^-#`L
#`P+#`P
























]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C0U+#
P


]


]


]



]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
P+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
M

]
M

]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C$V+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C0P+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]




]


]


]


M









]


]


]


]


]


]


















#(T/'-P86X^

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

























]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(T+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(T+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5B=!#





























































#`P/'-P



















]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/CDY+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5B=!)



















M















































































@27-S=65D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$














































































]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]

























#@@0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@3F]T92!;



@27-S=65D/]T9#X-B`@






L-C`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C(P



























L-3
S+#
S


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C$R-2PP
#`L


#`P+#`P



]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(T
M+#@P

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]











































]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]




#`P
M


#`P


#`P

#`P

#`P













#D@0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@3F]T97


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^1&5B=!#;VYV97)S:6]N+!#;VYV97)T960@26YS=')U



































































M1&YU;7`^
C`P+#`P

]
T1N=6UP/C(P


















]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]










]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
































































]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


6)A.60Q
M9#%?
C
Y-%\T
&5A7V%F
F%?96-E-V$X96-C9&-D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%B83ED
60Q7S(S.31?-#!E85]A9C)A7V5C93=A





]

T0Q/C$R($UO

]

T0Q/C$@36]N

M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S


]


]


]

]

C$L
M(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2F%N+B`Q
M

]
T1T:#Y-87D@
M
C4L(#(P
3`\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q















]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


]
T1N=6UP/B0@.3DL

M;V-K($]P=&EO;G













]
M





]
T1N


]


]


]


]

]
M













]


]


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

2PP
#`L
#`P/'-P









]
M

]
M

M9&5R('1H:7


@8V]M;65N8VEN9R!*86YU87)Y(#$L(#(P
30@:6X@86X@86UO=6YT
M(&5Q=6%L('1O('1H92!L97-S97(@;V8@-24@;V8@=&AE('1O=&%L(&YU;6)E

@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]U='-T86YD:6YG(&]N($1E
M8V5M8F5R(#

M(#
P+#`P


]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M


]


]


]


]


]


]

]


]


]


]














]


]



T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
L










]


]


]


























]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P


]





P


]



T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@3W!T


]


]


]

]












]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N
M=6UP/C0Q+#$P


]

M86QI9VX]













]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@












@







M;7`^






]


]


]


]









]
M


M9VX]







M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y-87(@


]

;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q8F$Y9#%D
5\R
SDT7S0P96%?868R85]E8V4W83AE



]


@*$1E=&%I;'
I


]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#


]






RPX


M960@97AP96YS97

S@L.#`X/'-P

C4L










6)A.60Q
M9#%?
C
Y-%\T
&5A7V%F

O4VAE




^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@


]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@




]


]


S0N


]



]


]
T1N=6T^*#$V
38N


]
T1N
M=6UP/C`N



]



RXX
R4\





]

]
T1N=6UP/C



]






M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@


]












M=V%R9'


5\R
SDT7S0P96%?868R85]E






S$L(#(P




M:6=N/3-$=&]P/C(P

]

]
T1N=6UP

]

M-#0L-S




]


#(L


5\R
SDT

M


M:'

M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'




M:'

M/3-$

]

M
T0Q/C$@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$

!-;VYT:',@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@/]T

]
T1T:#Y*86XN


]
T1T:#Y397`N(#`S+`R,#`Y/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C


]

]


C`Q


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^


]

C8L(#(P
30\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`Q
2P@
C`Q

]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]
M




]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]



















]
T1R;SX-

]


]
T1N=6UP/C0L
S(P





































]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]






















@06YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
@6TQI;F4@271E


]

]


]


]

3$


]






]
M





















]

@;6%T=&5R(&%S('-O
M;VX@87


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
M

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]




]







]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
















]


]


]














]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]











M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/DQI=&EG871I;VX@4V5T=&QE;65N=P@06UO=6YT/]T








]
T1N=6UP/C
L
#DU/'-P86X^










]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/C(L










M0V]S='

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^06UO












]


]


]


]

















































;W-S($-O;G1I;F=E;F-Y+!,87=S=6ET($9I;&EN9R!$871E/]T9#X-




















@0V]N=&EN9V5N8WDL(%-E












M86P@9FEN86YC:6YG+!W92!H879E(&YO=!B965N(&%B;&4@=&\@;6%K92!A



]


]


]























@0V]N=&EN9V5N8WDL($1A;6%G97
@

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]




















@06YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
@6TQI;F4@271E


]




















]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]


M6%)6+49-+B!C;VUM96YC960@82!L87=S=6ET(&EN('1H92!S=&%T92!O9B!-











]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT
M/D1U92!T;R!T:&4@;&%C:R!O9B!A9&5Q=6%T92!C87!I=&%L(&9I;F%N8VEN




]




















@06YD($-O
M;G1I;F=E;F-I97



















]



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1P


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
M

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]




]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP
M/C
V

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M



]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M


]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]




















M9FEE;&0@0G)O861C87-T:6YG($EN8R!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


















M;VYT:6YG96YC:65S(%M

87=S
M=6ET($9I;&EN9R!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X












C`Q




;W-S($-O;G1I;F=E;F-Y


]


]


]

]
M

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1P

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1P


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
M




]


]



]



]



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1P


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3&ET:6=A=&EO;B!3971T;&5M96YT+!!;6]U

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^3&]S














;W-S($-O
M;G1I;F=E;F-Y+!$86UA9V5S(%-O=6=H=P@5F%L=64\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]























]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M


]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]



]




]
M


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C@L


M4V5R=FEC97

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M


]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]















BPP






@0V]N=&EN9V5N8WDL($1A;6%G97

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(S+#0Q


]



]


]



















@0V]N=&EN9V5N8WDL($QA=W-U:70@1FEL:6YG($1A=&4\

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1T97AT/D]N($IU;F4@
C8L(#(P
M
30L($EN;F5R=V]R:VEN9W
L($EN8RX@9FEL960@82!L87=S=6ET(&EN('1H




















M;VYT:6YG96YC:65S(%M


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]





]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]





3$L(#(P
30L($
N02X@0V]U






]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q8F$Y9#%D
5\R
SDT



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13



M
T0R/C$@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@

2!-;VYT
M:'



]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R

#`X/&)R/CPO

]
T1T:#Y$96

C
L(#(P
M

30L
M(#(P
34\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R
M
RP@


]
T1T:#Y-
M87D@
3(L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M07!R+B`P.2P@

]
M


C0L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`P
RP@

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

]
T1T:#Y-87D@
34L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#`V+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@

]


]

]
T1T:#Y$96

#$L
M(#(P
34\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2F%N+B`P
M
BP@


]
T1T


M1'1H/DYO=BX@
3DL(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S


]
T1T:#Y397`N(#$W+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

CDL(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^075G+B`R
2P@

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

3$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]



















































]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]




]





















































]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^1&5B=!#;VYV97)S:6]N+!#;VYV97)T

















































]


]
T1R;SX-




M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y);B!A

2P@
C`Q
RP@86QL;VYG92`C.2!F;W(@)#@X+#`P
M
!D871E9!*=6YE(#4L(#(P
3

#`P
M(&1A=&5D($IU;F4@
C$L(#(P
3

M(&1A=&5D($IU;'D@
C
L(#(P
3

3$P+#`P
M

3`L
M


#`@9&%T960@3F]V96UB97(@
34L(#(P
3
@86YD(&%L;&]N

#`P(&1A=&5D($9E8G)U87)Y(#$Q+`R,#$T(D@

















































]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



















































]


]
T1N=6UP/C
P

]
M


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


































































































M97)I;V1I8R!087EM96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X




#`L



















































































































































]


]


]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]





]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5B=!#;VYV97)S:6]N+!#;VYV97)T960@
M26YS=')U;65N=P@06UO=6YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$
























































]






M;7`^
C4L













































M=&EB;&4@3F]T97
@4&%Y86)L92!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



































































































]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$X+#$S-BPP


#`L


3(L
#`P+#`P



]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@






]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]






]



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]














































]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]










]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]





















































]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]








































]

















Q


]
T1N=6UP/C8L



2PR


M






























]
T1N=6UP/C(V
M+#8U-2PP




]
T1N=6UP/C$T+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C$R+#`P


]
M
T1N=6UP/C$P+#`P


]


]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@




#`P



]
T1N=6UP/B0@




M



























]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]
T1R

M8FQE(%M-96UB97)=('P@07!R:6P@


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



:6YE


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^





]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
M


















































]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]



















































]



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^1&5B=!#;VYV97)S:6]N+!#;VYV97)T960@26YS=')U


]


#$T(%M-96UB97)=




]





























M;7`^
C4L






















M=&EB;&4@3F]T97




























































































































@

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(U+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]


#$T(%M-96UB97)=('P@4V]U=&AR:61G92!0

4!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S




















































]

C4L
#`P/'-P86X^
















M97%U96YT($5V96YT(%M-96UB97)=('P@0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@3F]T97
@4&%Y
M86)L92!;365M8F5R72!\($1E8V5M8F5R(#(P


]

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^1&5B=!#;VYV97)S:6]N+!#;VYV97)T960@26YS=')U;65N


]


#$U(%M-96UB97)=




]



































M;7`^
C4L
















M=&EB;&4@3F]T97
@4&%Y86)L92!;365M8F5R72!\($1E8V5M8F5R(#(P
3(@

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]




]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(U+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


]



]

]


]


]


]


]


]





]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]

:6YE($ET96US


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(U+#`P


]


]


]


]


]






]



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^1&5B=!#;VYV97)S:6]N+!#;VYV97)T960@26YS







































C`L



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1T97AT/D1E8R`R

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^



BPP
#`\























]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N
M=6UP/C
Q+#4P


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP
M/C$U+#`P

]
M

]






































MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96,@,3DL#0H)3(P

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y&96(@
M




M87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y-87D@




]



















































]



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^1&5B=!#;VYV97)S:6]N+!#;VYV97)T960@26YS=')U































































]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5B=!#;VYV
M97)S:6]N+!#;VYV97)T960@26YS=')U;65N=P@06UO=6YT/]T9#X-B`@


















































]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@


]



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^1&5B=!#;VYV97)S:6]N+!#;VYV97)T960@26YS














]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]











]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



M('P@0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@3F]T97

]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C4L



M;7`^-2PV




]


]
T1N=6UP/C4L



@27-S=65D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D














]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C$T
M+#`P





]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@




]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

M96YT($5V96YT(%M-96UB97)=('P@0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@3F]T97
@4&%Y86)L


















































]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^1&5B=!#;VYV97)S:6]N+!#;VYV97)T960@


]


]


]


]































]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]




]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
XP,#`T/'-P86X^/]S






























#$S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


















































]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^1&5B=!#;VYV97)S:6]N+!#;VYV97)T960@26YS=')U;65N=P@















































M


6)A
M.60Q9#%?
C
Y-%\T
&5A7V%F
F%?96-E-V$X96-C9&-D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%B83ED
60Q7S(S.31?-#!E85]A9C)A7V5C


M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#`S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P-YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970P-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#@N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$R+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#$U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-BYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
C
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(T
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#(W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
M.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,CDN:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970S
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
S(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
S+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#
V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S-RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970T
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#$N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0U+FAT;6PB

T0B4VAE970T.2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970U,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3,N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T-38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4W+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U.YH=&UL(B\^#0H\+WAM

`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      














        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date
 Description

 2008 to April 30
 2009

 2008
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument 
 Date of Aggreement
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date
 Description
        
        

 2008


Debt Instrument
 Consideration
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument 
 Date of Aggreement
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date
 Description
        
        

 2008


Debt Instrument
 Consideration
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument 
 Date of Aggreement
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date
 Description
        
        

 2009


Debt Instrument
 Consideration
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if so
 a brief description of the serial maturities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The Company has recorded no income tax benefit for its taxable losses during the period ending March 31
 2014 because there is no certainty that the Company will realize those benefits. The components of the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities as of &#160;March 31
5
999
5
814
10
33
38
25
1
6
049
5
875
(6
049
(5
875
384)


        
The following table illustrates the reconciliation of the tax benefit at the federal statutory rate to the Company's&#160;effective rate for the period ending March 31
Benefit at state rate
 net of federal deficit




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Schedule of Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options
 Activity [Table Text Block]
A summary of option activity under these stock option plans for the year ended March 31
60
60
10
000
(1
10
058
376




        
          

        
          
            

 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          







        
        


        
$ 51
940


        
52
540


        
53
146


        
44
730


        
        


Future minimum rental payments
 Total
$ 202
356




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      










































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
$ 55
000
        
$ 115
000
$ 115
000
        
        
        
        
$ 60
000


Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date
        

  2008

  2008
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Class of Warrant or Right
 Number of Securities Called by Warrants or Rights
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
5
000
5
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
5
000
5
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
10
000
10
000


Extinguishment of Debt
 Gain (Loss)
 Net of Tax
$ 2
112
        
$ 171
622
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Class of Warrant or Right
 Exercise Price of Warrants or Rights
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ 1
650
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date
 Description

 2008 to April 30
 2009

 2008
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued
        
        
        
181
714
134
18
414
546
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as by a subsequent longer-term loan. Also called swing loan or bridge financing.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if so
 a brief description of the serial maturities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Contractual Obligation
 Fiscal Year Maturity Schedule [Table Text Block]
Future minimum rental payments for the new office lease


 as of March 31
 2014
 Years&#160;ending&#160;March&#160;31
51
52
53
44
202
356




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        


        
        
(5
000
000
000)


Common Stock
 Shares Authorized
20
000
000
000
20
000
000
000


Stockholders' Equity
 Reverse Stock Split
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
As reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements

753
12
266

During 2015
 the Company plans to file a registration statement to provide working capital as needed to increase operations and sales efficiencies through the need to implement sales and marketing programs to increase awareness of the Company&#8217;s products as well as to pay for slotting fees for certain retail channels of revenues. The Company plans to increase its sales
 primarily by significantly increasing its sales force and partnering with new distributors
 as well as offering new products in the next twelve months.&#160;&#160;The Company&#8217;s margins are expected to improve as a result of increased sales
 expected economies of scale due to anticipated lower product costs based on increased volumes per production run and lower transportation costs from the expected shipment of full truck loads.&#160;&#160;However
 the Company expects to reduce its dependency on third party financing during the next twelve months.&#160;&#160;There is no assurance that further funding will be available at acceptable terms
 if at all
 or that the Company will be able to achieve profitability.&#160;&#160;Ultimately
 the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the achievement of profitable operations. The accompanying financial statements do not reflect any adjustments that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
$ (31
753
844)
$ (31
541
829)


        
$ 12
266
740
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          







Fair Value Measurements
 Recurring and Nonrecurring
 Valuation Techniques [Line Items]
        


        
$ 5
891
182


        
100
000


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


Total long-term convertible debt
 including current maturities
$ 5
991
182




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











Deferred Tax Assets
 Net [Abstract]
        
        


        
$ 5
999
692
$ 5
814
628


        
10
691
33
831


        
38
808
25
483


        
        
1
442


Deferred Tax Assets
 Gross
6
049
191
5
875
384


        
(6
049
191)
(5
875
384)


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
$ 20
615
$ 7
415


Accounts receivable less allowance for doubtful accounts of $16
007 at March 31
 2013
1
422
27
092


Inventories less allowance for obsolescence of $44
107 at March 31
 2014
30
090
101
721


        
2
873
25
110


        
55
000
161
338


FIXED ASSETS
 NET
25
491
28
858


        
        
        


Trademarks
 net
4
834
4
786


        
        
5
896


        
5
730
10
682


        
86
221
200
878


        
        
        


        
1
667
615
1
632
378


        
5
733
308
5
008
571


        
1
993
393
5
232
150


        
115
000
115
000


        
5
891
182
100
000


        
(3
511
738)
        


        
411
517
316
012


        
21
463
21
463


        
12
321
740
12
425
574


        
        
        


        
100
000
5
310
290


        
        
(4
679
689)


        
100
000
630
601


        
        
        


Series A and A-1 convertible preferred stock par value $0.00001 per share
 20
000
000 shares authorized
 9
000
051 shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2014 and March 31
 2013
 respectively
        
        


Common stock
 par value $0.00001
 20
000
000
000 shares authorized and 181
714
134 and 18
414
546 shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2014 and March 31
 2013
 respectively
1
817
        


        
19
416
418
18
686
258


        
(31
753
844)
(31
541
829)


        
(12
335
519)
(12
855
297)


        
$ 86
221
$ 200
878




        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold or consumed after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as by a subsequent longer-term loan. Also called swing loan or bridge financing.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding current portion. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled within one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
              
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
 -Paragraph 19
 20
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date
        

  2008

  2008
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date
 Description

 2008 to April 30
 2009

 2008
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Face Amount
        
        
        
$ 50
000
$ 45
505
        
$ 110
000
$ 75
762
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date
        
        
        

  2015

  2014
        
        

  2011
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate Terms
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate During Period
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
55
762
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount
        
        
        
        
        
20
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
100
000
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date
 Description
        
        
        
        
        
        

 2012 or (ii) from the proceeds of the next funding
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Fee Amount
        
        
        
        
        
        
10
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Face Amount
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
100
000
        


Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate During Period
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
100
000
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date
 Description
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

 2012 or (ii) from the proceeds of the next funding
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Face Amount
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
40
000
        


Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate During Period
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ 40
000


Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date
 Description
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

 2012 or (ii) from the proceeds of the next funding
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and
 if variable
 identification of the index or rate on which the interest rate is based and the number of points or percentage added to that index or rate to set the rate
 and other pertinent information
 such as frequency of rate resets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if so
 a brief description of the serial maturities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 aggregate carrying amount of all types of notes payable
 as of the balance sheet date
 with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Paragraph 13
 16
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ (212
015)
$ (3
025
279)


        
        
        


        
7
685
27
118


        
26
997
99
504


        
262
000
325
000


        
(16
007)
15
190


        
        
141
235


        
(3
359
968)
(3
105
515)


        
        
2
838
522


        
990
842
513
301


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
41
677
1
613


        
27
237
43
375


        
71
631
156
775


        
        
(7
661)


        
1
426
981
752
947


        
(732
940)
(1
223
677)


        
        
        


        
(3
910)
(10
902)


        
        
        


        
(4
365)
(11
028)


        
        
        


        
715
000
950
000


        
95
505
250
000


        
(60
000)
(90
000)


        
750
505
1
110
000


        
13
200
(124
705)


        
7
415
132
120


        
20
615
7
415


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
$ 325
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 broker
 and regulatory fees).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to property plant and equipment
 intangible assets and equity in securities of subsidiaries or equity method investee.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding the portion taken into income
 in the liability reflecting revenue yet to be earned for which cash or other forms of consideration was received or recorded as a receivable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 deferred expenses
 intangible assets
 or income taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and notes receivable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or in the comparative fair values
 of derivative instruments
 including options
 swaps
 futures
 and forward contracts
 held at each balance sheet date
 that was included in earnings for the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
$ 20
620


        
        
2
625


        
        
        


Shipping
 Handling and Transportation Costs
22
267
38
164


        
17
732
7
135


        
8
002
53
046


        
44
107
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
18
723


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
$ 93
093
        


Concentration Risk
 Percentage
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Amount
5
725
704
499
814
506




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001144204-15-009097-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(`*R$349YT;#RZ5









].
2'Y^]=]O

H8\*.3
M;F]K`Y[=I'?K


*_:]/M*)Z]&O%$_U`4U=X_L=$$F0!ERZ:=V
M@H?)EA5S$29/2'DKE:)U)$0:C$FB:%5FR

7=N\FLT]]XF%:#(&_:WG
HZ%@0J@RJ7U`S])*5,(B]64.FZ$_(M.
M+<.6JA&198ZQXV$VQ##3CXU[]Q)\$P\*B&1GAR/ZQ;3Z)B!T9
&1?
-BOJJ

ML&+S3-H/3;0?FKQ%M@)(TOQHEOG10@A)ZZ4=UDL+H26-GZ8:/ZT`4_:HDK29


MT#J[86_8D'9#^R&^EO\+H76G2?J!=A\ZHL;4/^6+`A\SH!CZGK!/?5F%_0A
M:'^B](KI)!JCA`R=%48L
A0[-)RB&

PY=N=&P93SS(?Z2U

M/S'J\LO#!Y_^&6)@ZXEF:Z3D?CH.*^:T(H+U@%YFS'PX_*9-1:,E,--:^#
QV\)&]NSYOWSZ[D3<F;
M=?%F#_)FW48M)+G]L-STG*L-.%!(E\B?P\1\C2$JXV0J\-$B.O=*'W<G5F^





5\R8


MQ'$\OFK:KPBWMR@QH7DS9IY4^TFO*G+4/[K84QITXQIMK=@3%K.2PN@B6J
M+JJ^&H9'32N@YA4LEA^X7J9STKT5@*$SN7)
Z\DR0V(S/I
1%LF@6XZD$$A1

&J
\;T^I2F/%T@.?3U6+%+YW



B8Z]4GBNR5N61ZY.OA+*FV\IQ51P']S3A+JJTC8RZIMIK#




NB@-Z-=I]$OD2^7LPL'I[,+!D%HC$^ZMQ8:K2+744^XATBV1(R9O



XV%-6V[#J/@PXT)=[I
?+W


JB'&)

F=)J$4UO@I)VHW:WAQ&Y*&L%5
MK*TDC%H!HY2VRN&AZLK$X&STUN!AD\25HX

M9S:$DS2!FF@-0E1+!2CB3/XNA1,#19,*86EGP`D:CG0#EC@D5[]WI6X:`4N
M,N*%(6/;2&\.3E7;PWI\($WJ+DPRIZATFLZ0Z5'YZ;`@)&X:`
N\FD/^M;B

M9PXNQ!=\7

K#9&OU`:%9^(!_L6]
M1QR?&`'0V/^X2/_2;IAL
T=FXQ21ZQ``Z8YK`TBWQSWR[HAYY!(H+01*VOSM
MCDZZO6U=]#R^JG2HBO%U[LYFKG
7N





T2Z5/N&F6HZ`CU*=9$;?--G#HEZ;6-;G
M;6D/B]$NC6=&)UI-VC3#M%*;2FWZBK7I;HQ9ES8=I!AS++5IK=JT8AW27F7:
M0J8=[


S0#*MM-=;IN7WP+3;V^OC


1
M6BV3(2`.M@_1J6I-




MXM:5;9:(W`8[IU8]W\0JRL`@8]Z@N

M&7SK]B76C\:^V0/7U8OUP4FWOS^C)[\REYX[BVMH:?=N*H4HTR

M.'G&!9_A=5

M#G$
RWF\&FTVUINF+474)M:5:MI(FW^W9`5I0!+9*VBB436;LA32!1540/




MD.$UZ8'&Y'$TLR#2

[3#MA;97BLZ:9
RC-M`J9\S#IJUP

Y






;G+#Y.L16=F8U#X?\\2[('Z<.\U3<
'0DD!\W

])\O(5R#:G+%;B[UMA5<AO2H6J*OXH6R!)6=4S1EBB<^GQ'N4C+&6
8K(

M3RK)#PWA!VPZ/XSX`9A!A/4^$\^?`FYL
Z8=+.J58ZPSIV;$ML]M8LTD3ZRU

3^T&
V-1T]FUR
#@XIW/;3H

!#G
4ZZ_J5QV-6@6M#NAXXM+UE=*A6
Q624W)#3'EL6!&(W:7ODAG/P@?47US0F2OY86=^

ECIJ/
MHY3R@&B#H4E!$Q/`.TD09=B0J.BE)RM$^TU-936*HX0A:$BJU].;-94^

M!





$1J.!496`J;W&D\11HW&T)&!J[X?7$_EQ$AB-


M]3I?V-PTM6V$Y3\IMKV_2&HZ@;6

M)8F@AB
9H/C(KV


0U#3%9H


M?.9+56)F5*.8D3AJ/HZ6!



M?%5)6YJ:XPCT=0B-T)FUJ:YFPM;&2(KQDAON
0-A)-S4#3081-3^9(-#Y'

Y3`:#PPJA(PPQH%C


M1EOO.\O]@&;L!U0E9FJ

)&HJD9:&JJ
ML)')XXU)'C\2@2

MU#OCJ+)T]UM7!O*:#XQE`9.TK]VXWG3WI%M70%CBJ!TXRE:A3@.B1@$CNV
W

AQ(Q&@@7U+[`)N)&+AID-JJGHW


?%B/:_I(['



MB'[Z

KN
M;@UKVMT:BC
M7*AH0PZ))(&@.Y+)6]F4BA44.9QH&:9.N&PA6K0Z2W]*\Z:)
MYLU2+;XZ

MN5%
AL-ID]'6+@^_J;8ZKQ(Q#4-

M2`PU'$-YP9*`H7[!(H
@C0RM$BL2`0U$D$'$2H#J6D:K6FJ$BMU'73&&H^

M`D=+E3_J2&':OLR0;*941I3#B9EVEAF2:&H&FO929FA[87/IAI[$QVJJ2'&S



M+06B12*HD0@ZB%!1I;9IO+:I2K345LM%XJ@5.%H2

#+)J:%)3BT2

W






MUR+1(G'48!P=1


Q`ZIT&ZYVJA$MM?K)$4




M16J;!FN;%HD6B:

*H2
+4=-I
X:@6.E@1
+4?-L@(F2K25


MZC@NL$*H2.VT49LBX2+1%*CD70((:/I$AHM@$9%0D:KJX*=1%);D)07,@DD
M:A0RR]53-6G@YFNGKB!)^X1,72VP))+:@J0E(5-'#=ZN%IT@`2$3%3F469B-
MSL+,BQ@M=9ID8Q%38[%,B:-VX@K8&HJE9D7
')3L0T&;E4BIK8=)(FDEB!I


M(JG12-J7D$F[0YHFC=D&&[



M/W6[(A%36P]'B:-VX@O8.KIX)@3,%+WM$'W55B:K1B))):@:0E(;
/*V8D


@X3Q<(EUV2'C!1NOS
MC__KY.2339&5E#MJ!


;^J;G]7NR7__XZ?\DZ)9X?=G\*6)/US:Y''K5VAO?IX0VZ?\'9EG












M=]








1=!T=4W-;
MFD#AWWC*&=SS[(5M:,@IW649ZI8F!EH*D1)^1(*6KY*XIW;AA











4K948RTPG
MY?#^6*A?MR/9/49'LD!1[
UX[DJCI4'
0@!I4]`ODFDDT]2^+ZV4L4\K=H0%
M(PUJUCJ:UNGUU
YP=%0
-.B
M4/MC#6:@8Y;ZZA:W3::VM&+XC.-CE_V.X/^
M0#+#JV
&?9D9&`X=&`6BCYI6P`#X!/`#T!5$E2)


MBEM`R&M]R2ZOCEVT@FWC:IV0H\PX&LB8E^06R2V26R2WE'!+[0&NZKAE?P&N
M@_HE
D/O8










M

MCV;Q1UY)[Y




]JST^4S^'8*



%L54:FYPNQQEV8-7&J\
;[(ZE.QQ


M94JV`K1(4Q_@PM7)ZYRRD



!


M#3+IY[_^Y:]_491_1!=^H0$&-F?TV@7Y!?0)X

MJW_3V6?]C6*9L&($)*_Y;0A_AH[%;_C][N(-##FA';QZG\?*)WM;XV'?C
MRKQNE['HJ;'TLF/IE8]%4Q$&P[EQGLDCO4?)J'/XQ-6\


MT^%?=)0[Y!SES:&$RR$%V\.F$@ZUGJ(J0B3WNVGAO(=/2AIKS!?Y0MA&`1I!
MH6\YU/??+PNIAR;0^$A5==G63P=4W@6UR3/87$KT-3

M@%806(9SXBSB;]4/[S#(3IU'\LAL2F'`L0T@9A*S!Q*;(0$
;0-?0]#L`GT+
M]P![@YDU(YZ%(7)^^^\.


`G:[ZUG_@5M6A+PGGCL#F`
*


M#$`(!LV-3+CG@JZ3R$KDBY2-@D32`HC.A$5T*D.7G+.'8?\!X

M8\IR

1O3LF$\]B






1EXHE-OP
M]]PGRZ1+[`8KZE!J\JWD.-0XUJ
;X*7

MT2
S/_





M_FZ._T@M]:#'XWZWEPI7%+[T14



OO5@BHMC$C7/T+?G!
MC

6DZ`Y0:&.]@ARXP.A(Y/^B]SLAWJM`(

)^I;\E`T&)U`.SV)Y#=?3@-]J6]PQML2CS'@?FR?M
ML(FP/

MY=WSO!^VNS*]8#;$IYG(57`X8\?GXT!AD@4EKT11UG2*1L,!YBI!:##0?4
MF#K6GR$_#!:5!$%%'&.G(Z@2D3GT1:V?P




?$#Q3?[@$F%8&.Q\P=2


M?1
FROQ`Q(TL?PKZM%U31[C\,AS'-1&D\T3QZ[,*)S4TM8`
8/HF-YO&RB
MY73XIQ-
CIM1L/9

=XQ(HZ_Z&PC5*!XQ=39#<*#-,4`!(@U&'\H+^T)7(LYXDG?\3%L4`

/9^7__\O7F]R\70`K#H'0RV9?\OLS&#S/<_OU/^R\9Y9IVK1FMM_.
M6&LX$`H(\K=:Z.!9C]


M%GZJIMWXZE`S%4.\8K0CP[L8;%-M%.;



MLP.7




M+Y4P2.JGIMO]R+-


ZJ=WP$TS7


Q[J


Y/E?GMU]5



MB=N$]TJ4RK/1
JMYRM-JQ#GOJ#_U5=*?6BK/PQ[X+F@9WE%2+6F%M[9[NFD
MNYAR.Z`)
:V6@9O\_WL4
MB



WUHP/?CV


[

M=8T)LO.)H


Q.2-B!TQHZG&7XBT]?3SE[;;!
T9FYS/*/%#CU<[22SSV-WCP3P_+51@I!T<H8?
BL]C/E$G


MT@/:`Y!Q9-\=]]FFYB.-_#6/VN`FHQI#%I!B;P_#_H

M2+#24[9VX*NZR$WL*U3D)^B\=P1F$`K@V5(8W`F/'1L+L&_\[\`TO[K/Z)5W

Z:X;#8Q0
%+26!PQ9L3


R&118?P#^A3\PN).O&@FK8#?UH3&F#%+3%S/)]
M[&K

D^%6'U,/LW2AHQ0#?$ZD)5?*%Y:/FI$IWWMW;AF979,E=558-G!552'

)-57QB90U1=SRR



O++($Z^^FKH3%3#+QRE[

M%.


*?1*3A8:$LD[[T%P.@O
OBD[[D5.+-9S!V1!1+19AP@20%7Y/RH#SQ6LT

MM#`'%6
H+',=!\ROTJ^#M*%P'V
CSK`:
Y%
Q+?#A[UV`-B*
_\#.O??F`

.F/7O(Q
M2DC/@34&'3!*-SJ/P(&DY`#;X5]TE#M
G%*V


M5?R';+A1ID

AX7^Q(
M6WYL*HOH+=M+LW'C)#9F_&2[=H&1


!I4((OL?N

2:BSIAJ79-0'GN-EM1-E1N0I4WXQL-


]
LXN(F95_D]AN
M];G:(5Y@X4$IWMG+$3Y6!N4@XZCO\P1@_BI0?0@`5+Z6@Z[?DVN'LRAGCC/*

[)C\(DJX9IA)9B<H-C!F%@84M<)IN2_=*H:_`DVFAB;B9SJ]FR!;ALA5+\
M=Q;9*7I:)PG0P.VK,OQRR0(/K*4P=YC!)9G``RCS0J(3.=D,!.YEI'(`'7[^
M#U\H^DF:Q`LOUULX<9YACQ9@3H\LHF/2?)I;/(L
C&BB@2P'!2&:`2IX&=Z


MH/.N;)H&%*%.G1B!:*J@A/5ABCKD[R\]UZI)%.[V8I0?T\E@BQ3!$^\%5%%
MY!:'CCBPPHN$1&$7G)[8`E@59V)'KO!/!3!-O8QZ4SK=L=QL!`5MXP&[JG(

MP1?+X0$IZLOM^&:#O5&FXJRAIN(UEOJY!5OBG*6D*G=3$
'24CR@_$4#RN`E

MSQ2W4MDP,I4CR#XPMD#O(K%#Y*W@7(.@_@`J,ECX$EHGZ5BLYV34^7LMF8

]%R(JR+3

M*Y3D5HQX%IMC7`H%HT=\(-$)WH[XVYTSA=;)G;?
'0IVS.7YIY/@8J4;9\BE





MB&R\Y%%1%=%3Y1




U
#XZ!,:5\3CI50*CD%%9K90'9WLFUB^3X8B$Q@@#)A9
MY2STN#)ZF:IKG(JF1YX#=WT<5KXW!B^6V45V7)VS6\37S8U^;B+\2Q5;B^8!
M2NS&-P'3/T%8&B[*;&[WS/U[5BCTACU_






.KO(P0



W;Q4D25Q5#@I#NZ+9A%Q%/C?KB5N\9'#8=Q)RDC&





]

8\4\P
MTX55=3:9JQ8]H5`CQC(;I;X#4D8)GMU4)5S

M*5CL



^

MC\.+!O'KIZM??D6%JLU_I'XWH]_9Q
ZNKWZ!@1K


MZOR'PK9M!8Y?3)'=*#!





DAF.
MSDB(#

FW'IXN
MQ:W-E:!<DQ

(R*N&$'\N&`N5L(UK:3B


.ZIG$IADD:`;VV@/#\SNVUI-Y4+7GT*O'Q

6`^
&1[Y_P\J$G:B


MR5N3[;#X1[NOW

M:?9[#ND:ZT*F=S)%O)KM+!X*'4U

+%_@C3DR
96PO*M-NSHZO!@

6H\/3GZSNJ





M_1DMG@/:PRSP&;%]B(ZC3CW7,QEQ^-ZXD#Y=G=1^4LZ:5]!T\TB6?ZRKEK


]-Z2!4$+6H*%Q20
MRWM:1S?$EZ







M``(.AW\L6\)DJ4X+K

E
NE4B?N7P@RXY+ZD#UY(




M*!83!?@H8!%2+A2R]F2'QR&8F`8%*NY`S&/
Z)$*
5ZBU]

M?MG0K'K/4UM.`BV0%L6J4@F$RY)N!)7#!N$14HI,*L0I)]KH*PNPR;$I#C
M?&8V&
3V(JX`A23'(EI&:-A9^&#A'@%L7SCDNFTV,IO`'1@)\N;$8Y::






MFEDV\=*Q(A[0938TNNM^4@@7=[6=Y*\'+/C.E+KES
QMZSF4,
MDN&D0E[Q@2S,(@`ZA,X2D!'H21Y)0(VI8_T9'L@4;#,,=\_@!<FSTM7@QA7Z
M)8+#0EEG?:AN1P$YU_4&?<CIQ;+=H.S(:):+

MC.+PCEGX4X1!(HMQP6+$=-'%CAA6XYI3YYEIX`K'R8[`'(750L0*)I868O


2`LBG
M@P$3&`1CV





MM0!;#`QV@_=DX;O
WA


M0\3LQ7E$-RL94:H+`*ZW`1Y#W.*L`X9W?GRJ#;[RC1PFB%HB_^507AG;I4


M
*$T%=^)83(CWR/G`+`89Y#P[9_4UIU`#?SD/K#L#\'WV&/+)@9=)_*8I(FV


;[


MB!/6\3GQLLZSRUM;56IR^)0M8_/WU#[K


LI=!_XP\3A4ML5
MCV_]V$2B:U*$B+$:/&M33QMP8*7`4M@94


J/98U;P
M0EP56?'

M-QM\C&L1Y%:

M?YRRDJHS6:GMW.\


VWHG98



#?7\^F:2^,B.K@(8&5X_`G7I_Z`:QO
W\V


M

MYRU!8R`#
Q=9Q#DB5RI.





Y/M



;6!Q.-Y



6BPS8]T
MW(M\:L:9/-=
4)3E@K%OUB)3X?G6MOM\F#+S\?
;=)1%R=1-AY%^4/ZXNKC_
M%7_N_CT9



M8*#O'??9(_


'C3$@BPR'





7]Q71./TK\X\;-W#(F?

MTPLFLD^L28!M8MAIWE7YZ*(;)ZMWP[





[)-*V
Q=TPYS.?%HH%@T)
MZ+7U1


L0
MX]3RJ*;0+ZRDT

G\\'HQV'6T6XQ?T(;BP?8H;STZL\+9#N0M




MYR?X=HZ7[+`8:_S4[KB;





]2E!=Q`=PTW@L
MM7@[:FNVVD:NK/3F
5G1)Y+U&E'%LQ%&P+Y3`EZK(7#84H0OQD]%I0@KW`!L



MQ0]!KD4O+GSL&3PC'AE_Y`-


T.']\+(YL#!:JUF3K@760)`!*<'Y)D`I-4:KKW
Z_Z

%5OR.S@-.
SU:=J)
+`?
U'^'YB
C$1#:I!
2



M0W\3;2LJB.RJ;Z\I$P?PH$3;PMW^W'5\)KWOW;ER&5);N?#(HX_71NX'JEOE

LJH+1'J1]]BKPA]`B@3F($@9^







C=X^9.1
!$


GQY^
M(LH?_^?KOTXN/V^FX3X3WR?&-

M9-.06-2

6TC8I`\E(PA:






;+
).[%S=X_OCA_%U
M^!%\I9-_OKGM]KYUU6_H*=Z[7?V;SC[WWBB6:A$0IO?5'W\YN<<@\1`GP?P

M@T2V+*Z8UUX=@AHS==FRN*$(D7TK9


L8-FRN*4N&D6L&Q9
MW`@!+W@=EG`LF5Q6P5PTRQ@V;)X%Y$C6Q;+EL6R97&KY'?#[239LK@A
DFV


MT`G%$W'WY






M`*;F$_47+4+^I#GSDTH7ZYVQWWT'U*H6?WNEP^SC+;]TF$.U7X5P[R;NEYP
M3[W9CK0L5YI:2TS;W[I$

Y
9?.Q5#Z+DO48EO.
M(7!%=[WLWF`2>!M6*8#_?`*M^T1L7$NP\2T7'F!X:.%

ET*+ER

M`Q]V[;U'')^P@D%GCA

M]7-



Q6A-$885@]
MQ'Y$F-6MV)L(&2&%G$/?!YS[F%5D+'2%BNTE2Z!+H@;T4E/:'2'NLL[Y.$


MV`)R*]H

M/`%A^.=O21NDM*K9ED3C+(GVU`_L!:2+)W07%\0L-O9K


^7+)YO3-)#4$K






ME?JB1.-R\P*LBWZM




`:+6[@761

[R*UL%3%=4OG5D<OGS;20:ZQ7..#.N&UTXLDM]Q
M!.KHZ_LUHPK=WBIC;E,6[=CJ63*[4^_T1\??^$BB^E6A6AUW!H/C+X/</JU=
M7['5(JU]&7J.Q9K8U1W8OW`S_ZA8+&WHW-$'9[ZS_PXNDVN'[I=E)/ZXST
M@[4_DO6\);P?HU*?;^N^+_HU#)L*HV[9D_WB

MR1^2/]ID4NPW
-!B;^*5.D\5=3X[9M^JJ@9F^'F@=@;:\;=XE\PAF6-[YN@/

8QP%MIX!%DQZ=RCAL4.QDH;4_I@^_3!FD&1



LF.O@DIR6
W?A'TP[


%][%I<EI!K#B3D:=2*'(LOH\LD27Y0_*'Y(]VF12RA-SA


M8!C4
*U!G-.$-AO.M%8




MNXLWB@D/`^O81ZONYT%O/$I&F'[5#L





M.P(
U29^J%YN<^BC\4A-K5_N?;L-I\0?U<O-!'6D]=/\OV8X

MI$VL77!3KFMU?3Q*P3_UJNU'44:0-9IP..[I&XWBFCRX'C#:5\IX])/H)[0]







?-




O]XU'X'7V1C7.X
PTF1%![%MB
M@=MPSO/Y=YW-&B]:'^B]0;?.^7REN-M`S4@E[3B1T1K'6!OUU4&_OQVVRN5
M'=PQ4M?+I3$_EIN:R5JYL]5$7LXCHPT4.V
4D*[:-O/`
5WY?DA-?LX-[!?+
M-=GQ`'#)02C[S+SFGP


MGCXEUOFHW



!QOOQ*\1R+$?`RJUNKB365",4;SN0VF=1$;#7I%/QFIS*5`!ILLWA`'.

?S&0:S
`%\^

-UHJ'7BV7K2ES6-\T*N*/-:4
G&<H5]`F8VSUUI.53!JN;247*84U1P!HY
MHPK]L+:&8*:@8=7CKY8UUA0@5


P#_1$9BWKU7N61/<






M[NZ2_2

S


RQQ)S=+NC3E\F
:RR
M


N_F3&M$A_])*/T;*D2K'N5A-UJ6BZ
:5F

U]F0A




M@?TW2NA8_



MI4



B06!&9/V(F5PWDXLHCVLGT/7U\N$-N\.Q




M)5``LX?N$!8[CDJ9S9];7Y8J+I];^XJ.IRF@Z6E^[2^1XQ)47T*2?Z$B2OX\


M]7X5Z]W*_B&R18%4U


M\IS1





_$\X@2P

&93H*AZ
M^/3&6NR^1@

MBUHL

M;NR`R0ZW4)-?$




MG

.$@)PH.]

I/
^JQ



&=(1I:G%(7=:PK7\3KH;]
3FOG=!NI#)I]_E26(FS.@K\J5[?





5*(+]N@B'QT(3
MC8)V3K=&%Z'6$I%M:HZP_QJ0^_4-^IWQ87



M9NJOJJQ:4`2IK(RJZQ24-
LFF^J9I<^Z`F:?,S1Q$HVS8O8(-U


DEF&[/M-3
MELDGD52H`BDU@ZGQTLO$%X7:N+C[:+LN5IA]5*Y/;T_C6^`)CF'-674;5H8J
MEEK/.'DE\`@3TB998!5P:E#V)TF3DD'H(0Q8&6I0(T@V8%(LC(7/@J7^F]H]

MXMKPGH0T-@8K4?MQ8

N[B(7B[IGXD=:A8G+

MV$FI=:#BS#6M6@E7I^,\:10C$B'N!`CJSI8J5C/,EK6-0I


M7KE$(F&!L.6
3!`F_%E5+B
M/%F]PF7'L+@N]VFE4





M'[726365&RS%!DMCA`XS1VQ5CV\OJT6(F+O@+PET5IUC7!0#9W?U@9TS*?





_O3I7SPA%1T*Y%
MH<N2:&76X19?LF#KV_Z[;.1U_*
K)[43XHUFU$3]XI@K1XH/(6*%A4V?2(P

M2*Q!1`




MOT0.[-R8;PD3_\G;)?BO%@2'ZA'39`'_NKL&-7]N4I[O(

M79-


MX7*27%]Y2]YUE+?JN]:1YY6B0?::W$^OR7Z_)WM--G^ZDBWVRQ:ZVNUHXX
U












:P7$/W]L4:









L3


\A2Q/(4MF
MD



M_



4W%Y5=[U(9W
M/5'@'
L3G)-^LD\-K


M`=Q)/!CPN6LF4R
^NYK^H)YA`;A





M=I/Q!:RR'7\$[KSI%*W-7

\3):0#6XF3[G5NQW)+@UE
MEWKPT/8%V9B8ZCNE:/

AV
L
M=I#&Q\Q5'
C]JC2!08!@E2AQ]/E3




9I[UQ(_3

9(E_XK5E/$J`=SPZ
M=ST&ESE



M1Y`380F?1]YMH?A./OV1YO22B`WST:N.W&@=5=TP;K-1E9@HC!&#340R-!')


@]^[7?V;SC[W

W/N86*Q=


&S8EVYTB

2`*\;`/JK!




(9E#
M




M+25
TSQ




L.M$3/9HK&@-F!MUE36*C/7BW?NN3/+]UVXS&'M

%+P=3ZX111]T3^![94&)%XTH=.;$
J-V

MI



M]A.U%QW1=!7F+


UF;-7`/MM&'%8[U*PA

.28`)QB5

%B6&R9]R<LOXN66;O&MV+!;WM?S

\?\E9J/

W\!JTM[9M9_@E

MHAX:D(OED5O-GD



M.SN1^M%+M-4O81:P-;-LXD7/0#*G'E+P:GRSH-N4!.RI[@/:V;'%S[;S\7'I



M]T;GGOL$PH
GE]\\=[Y<GR,2ESHUB&.*$5O7B;#CZ<6!$S;-.*H/H6_J@XLY-39I<

MIGFTGU[JT1(Y%'1!$IHP7R3Y



[K7S

0+:48=EBVV[07(_JBE\6<T^-=<'&[7&C!8.L<0*9;IJK4&\:<=;(#`O^$-
M!G1.]@2B75?HC_FU/&QFE\V9SWI.OPVKJ&X84T5R5J/O?<']:,=8:=4LM+
MU^!A_4]<\;V/31C7K*6*
(;%:R*RO7X^9I.







M

M\H8:)HJJJ$\?C-R=


@MGNE*E[1/A






81!X$






MH_(=!YZ\H4W%F:&NB8]TX









O?@POE8G8;7JR95M
M^


C
M)#O



B%6;RY3*...1L!HX)CHD1
M8F(9.W!

Y5E
B&-[VWD6M8.#@8.!@^%D@H1^*PQXNV1%




MO
D;






3?B3'EU=F!

MRL303V+`F7#L/:\&#_RS0N=;2
_=1XLL_


M+C




\/Z<

S^LUR9-V0)B:?=AP/E]0H/MWIO:I
%+Z(A)JXH-_T_A.*(K*
KM3B







M%=R5#Q34P6:D@-R\)1\&!D9/WOH1K[
&6ITD)(W^=G79RVU4C.U
:A!!F\
8




W$\//ACKV
M;*BF9SLP


M9[-S`*]/\`RLUPR
#HE4F

;$








G#'91
M'ZT?'S0=CT/K$7G+\U-.(KH;WH_S=+S_=%P;[%P4BE*7L7!)J1_O6Z=[W;A!
0ZX^GXU&;.XSX
*7Q/=!&:)E(?=

E:+!4G

F%


3!&]SQX
(`5M.*52.E

MT_$





K\#A
*;\!IA4!?P3^3)RXM3&6;@6=+^8#D$


MLHGP[P56
[C]89%J3W%84L&`T(CPT





NBH530GR:88`T@

M8=1*3TBLG5V3A=EY


#^[(G(0A:]89A%Y2@HYA
\+

]




-J#[A













(N1?B8?[_72=V\_`?FN&



G:8T%K*TL4I.TDZA\G88:*)JF*(:OD8


M'K.E@=PJ




N@GEL=O!@A@AC'&56*EIX

*5Y$#U;(0K\





K8,S-]?\<
M(APB;4!$:LUK%!=%2V8OH90ARN7N[7WB@F\=&TN-$V<3251D]N8QZN)IKKW
M'?ITP(D]``E?
S882I2NU\BTU
NM_VHM/IA''PH3$C^2=CA(S+IV'(8X54QP



:(/FVAP50Z%43J?]3[43VSU$KW

OR


?)OB^?'RX_.4O*BA_#U4?\FOQ;`0A+A5[$



M1\9TW@BY/3`L0Z/






M.4J::




-*!4X=M#.RPK?5#(JHSD
[=I9`#SI;
M6MZ&P('0

#(VNE]3



16HO@F*F;J54

MBUVFN-U#ZTN.`28='56A3P?K[LICM0%]B]EUK&;HI!'
QC[`




X5G

PZ'K=)
P%Y<6O_;-H=W:3Q&/%%`==SF3U+$64N;S/HL'ZB2



=?ZJ^$9V2!!$']VZ0B
M&[=TP5K)(@J_(P$&+@B=;



M2MU4Y.F;:#T9P&GRTBE#4KSMIDU?/A'.(R%*L
;BFTC.
M`P




M]6AY24KE0^!`BO-2F4*.B'=\SX2S6P3JF(LL6G@NT4F9*G$1\*9\%WX!Z[Y

2BB$T899\'O
M4E.5!I]K!IE
];S_

8GA^[$



66KV#6Q



M[P$'-^'Y\C%M1'B57+PKT&`'



TFH

M3K=E

M^FO@08)+G@5.Z2%/?;








MG




R7_ZRDA^
M3?OG#Z4'!S



M*XVGHWO

=Z)KINB.F6OOPJ;J0GOB-7;3G2%/9UF
Z!C
M!\)C46YMHG'EIIQ=KMPG
YW=4^+R4VQ!(+KZ6KQG'OAQ+I@UEG^\(3Q_`9ZO
M

\_BC]&*'3G/V[P14@D#\8/*]*;/_C=I_?G5Z]A4._7Y5IZQ9NRP#Z?7_WZ
D14*R'?@DL]6:-\+JBP*BB1KDX*DEI_.(R%*['N14&$'#POD1Q9^
M/3P;?UX]U[H-'M&2MGLK$FX1\H40V<&=[_Z%')&0!)<V2Z`*A`2?_77ZH?'



0_5DA4X$LO9C


MK14AYUU!I\G`7J;P.`?J'F%H;_#X+T=TG2U)^R:E0W(3;&-O!CR4;-?2!BUB







M
(X9YC@Z667NQ%W_?O4;JCD]\9%\%_AQ:-EQ8GECX/;$1_/\[BY$=U9\NI55
M'OTPPQR/?EAE[L2M;'YDXQA8/?&AO$'APQC8//%A_`A!K.M'KGVREO6PN*=J


7Z[.
M7)WY^#*4;/0[K_$A.?(Y3



MSE0G([0GIJUWJQIM8DKU^%+36^+$AO_$JHJ4:/NIJ#.;@1H[Z.7J
M3!F_HV*7J_.XU9GJO(/RD/CWE8J3T=/I2[

M^%!3#F2NV6/1;#8#-7:`S-?+4\;OJ-CEZCQN=1Y_LM'OG`=O?$5!2
8K#)0-









F6`I&+0E&V2V8%H52

M8[3%[%4L%30/)Y8Z;9GM%LL9Q`X:4Z+9)YI:UQ
2

=7L

0YSY



M`!!XLB&135\;?T`.`-.[CJTXP;6-M8OWM\9J
9)=).M1@?;BES-IHFK%N*H%
M*OMCO

MT[JQU79Q.M-4HUU.27VDR8

K

XJ[DTEWE4#/SRN'L
MHGWI'%HVS#3-O\.^^IT5AL_S(
2OV&


MM



ZBWM(C


M4FT+]AA+:Q;L@
&$[C:8)%$439.G)@5FECWQ[I@DF2E#3Y*`)-655&5EX(+4
MM




M/
94EYX5C;
F&1*#JDN1A.N3)I45Y96@E692#V;G*6G&(:F:=-]2OS=ZV#


^F4/5\
M8:9^)JN'+LP\8DZ?B2KSK-'))O2LE!A\.G36Z-@2B@3&Q`S=K-&Q)11)E0UP
M-SJVA!ZI
C'%H4N-CBUA1JK49/2ZQ-BJO:$+S'JS$QUS@6T-(?L3&`LU4;W9
MX8[

8*FI)^G-#GRD1[!

M_BOQ$47;3_7R09$4-N
Q87*<J!ZV%
M.L+X#2Z10;*AMO#&18O-]FZ1






MM;ZK@FQ(4N&$A+V(VRM81G\*R.F&Y^YIVNUD^/:)HLK1WEL/FNS1;A:(Z`

T06A9MDUZ:

M6ZGSB%+&:/*30?T[8+2GN
[MC3TTX%8OLQ6MBN=
'6CK.'UNW*KE.Q&II'
MXYNL[6CR716B9,&:[^VVI:F)O)8MIKLP%QG:\?IFA5+!IMPU?#HMFFV'40A
MDPOI46M#MJN


OSGJ-6.9@BFXM2(W$H*Y
M`

M313PZX0@A-_A#W-P%T0@B\Q_Y)+U@6!AGI!J2A.U*?#;OI`Z2#FFZBG*:?\P


7J&%]4S6T5S.BQ1@







43X4JYM8;=5K
MT2VO-*PLZI=HK%^86]G9V]U8#MB`!J5`@UJBH3ZY:$R#'3R@&^L[5AO7^8*V
MS!362J
4B3<+7
E&P*.#



MQO@T+IV7:.M.3=]Z08!YN

MAF1LLUW;%]\V/JNM=7YV%

O6`XDJ_!F


M]&+3%*7EQ?]*X


0H\-[W-QWHRV0:[FOWI9
?])R`H5Z8*

_!][\$;



`K$=5S0O<OY

YUY6[]C9U\T9=5J42F4
X^@



N%B'=;B





U
MBY'8+_!EH+%NB`3AWN`!!R4AZ!*`O)\+%3HY-C4Q<#\G48B]H6,=5:1N0/AH
MXA)K1Q6\`?1AT<D*$E9E`8_?.)((^OC[<ME/:+';`1-2IB?5G??IE1C?[2B
M8=1=[O&_$?D;YY4!2CC)V\9)P@!5=WEYM%T(.U8=Y

M=S=E*\XXBF_\S8.&0
?4M




Q0AT57`



?O7HE

MJ^OPHR



A--A\N^*7O.OL
M]]*FZY6E8UN'E4

JIUQWL])E'12?/-@.A0UW6Q\]RK/M3;%_51;9^2K;

7R)Q)5?.

U799<X1J`_)%$+O_96+Z
UZ


M






MO;Z]/BX1QL&'($4-GZ`18\!W6I4B20)R^SK9?5AR!GH*Z^]-#LY&)]L;\7
+;^=UUAJOEE$Y[<EJ)L.[]LBWW3+65W
MN[KRR@



MY=_X4\D`E(:*(I:X)MO(+
@#ATD0!':-%^B(AYTJC@M!U`@!B4\VCK`D!6'-


MD*M\43STP%L4!3S06EJ?'Y^

M9#H`[5X9U5409I`$;!X49:)8H%
7W8PD8$
&N7I;28A\UZX*4:LO;G
$-A)?

2F]IG(3$OI

#97T[
MO[0?4G;\9

;&_V



MD+N&:9A8=@08@*SC&B8^PS@=.#'\P3I1[OW%V_4VVZZJ5AZ/$KO\N%



E0-%8*^))8@ER
`*Y1
M3=T]N4@-[!04X%@/YM6?4!D9L48`&B6)4S_52;%5
C)!4(R0`'*W.RHH=1X*
Z%-(%ZV-YG6=(0HM,!<<NC:U`3%@0^`R#I*L+(D*G`Z)`TICQ+[?V1WPF

MZE!(7(BP


8$;106
M4R%/(0KLY]

*?MU]_67@KZ`1PQ0%D
:4!
MVVVKYN!7IN2*T[#2BQ.BL4(X#KY

ML6]7-8):(]211-8OD@











M:
2([=IV\]`A=V
GEY-










MTN6J)^LKP1NN6\O:UZZ5X6W1?DI+[_Q#7R@Y1\Z,==3RZKO1YZ0*!B%'9M



_P2]_WJ[W]V.@IWPMKXKKZV+K

M7]::J3RRVWO%A9=GJROO/L_*ZK69=U
?6_PW:?5C(=S7U_EVQ47'^RW;UG_[
MS./P`OYBCW]D5IG5O/S/VVSC[0L^F-S;Y+L='Q=_3?@7\;_B9_MBSQ_85I
D
M?E9/J/BN![3@I^$^VYZ+#^0_?).O*L8\UHQ8O.JFY#^MGN`(\^TY'WZ%@4-@
M_C
N!



W$;7V/A`EM+6
M86D]`#ANHC[KM4SCFHL'%ZZ?3(IK$+L[0
UZ=`88\%J.

M+SDTS;V2TP!0$(/4A:`W0_CE*E^:6B_

M3!
A5_)(;+LV@`G
(&7O(`O
%5E@G26`&\G..0$H?21(N=Y'9A
(C8PG[/J

Y'P#M
7%0($Q0H=`?
MJ7V!






M:U6SE.4]6=HAK6JB(&;V4]1
$Z%(4`ZH9;7'!&:M[&3W9*'1`M\5WRK@*)0`
M(A%I1(
HHI83N^8@0Y&VS*(92Y28PJAH7YC2:.8#SP1(D$[G3)K.8&G7$0*H

U9T.5



MR`&9

QI$;5N63;-A()
MA2^&.3-M3!4%)LAT:QYI280ZFE_CED+*'*E'4(`ZA^C:1K[@6/G'383P^XG
MPY2-$KGE6UT@'+3(`NZW1UGD6UTA%J1?WB)LF.K0@1??'73$OUB]$2G;XD#

A3Q*);1=)


0-:J-FW^9F0&I)8WV+4]G_2KYTUV?$!:D:0N
M7@K0B9`;_BQGBMK`#/(!.CNIA_C;PZ0M


MI%B@LJ$(-PQC!PX+$[BUTI&=DXL07ZGL]2]QNM+4'&0HLI%M1^&9@JWE?B:V
Z


&3N
R`@=4$[F31/FKZ.+.53CU!$X/FL4D<NZX,$*&W$4=AK'=DN6F
M8.MYJ*UK4;2-7^$+H<WF0_5.)I#\9D?L2.;)4#3LV]&
@-[81[JP3HP8%=+
M((G.+`E3II?5.(-4F&!#41&;$LM9/J9P+\Q'/5@)

MG3@L#

ME+1LH-0YH:#^*

M@*A$?C\0+I-(QVDP@SR88$

M6!:F)C0^@#HKCST$Q-\&&


81[_MP3\$87-5Y2M-XA
M5-$O):&$Z.YS8#2&VH7283^4H06W7Z[.!JC/=X4V*+DB%L5$^S:B@:DMH27!
+N[NZG[W^4FY^*\O(%5^W8


E!F$S2!S8P;9DY=GFXUW4^;?UL7M3DAQ

ME\7MY967'?G;_/OJB@\W][++

5A]5OU*\0HSE@%\(:#\%3[S?LPN^#;#U[VX0?%G


MS';@^\\\_J*G^)


MMT#\F8L?SUP\X\R!M9?T]


R1Q$'



*)A/R#S3K<KOQ,A_&,&.P(PS#[O#?C?''<Z\GRCQ
:[1-ZUSL\
M.#CJ+0ONI26/'QE:*_UPMS;[_WSZO(VF,$YZ+
.
#!LY14HY+K?_SXL9?\



M76_9!XG1WIB)3Y.%5`NBO0ZA(:0B7A?A^@-$=S
N_JZ+`1EIR6F?^.?\]UAT

1'\.XAB:&#&4=X;QC9\;9


@X\


MOG`0PS&Y@9$



\!Q0C?L9
@B.=Q$HL
ITC/8
M#(8RE\W4#^H$/&@2JFK7II9OF._<V]69Z:\\*`&_Y9G)

W

23_@TCI;I

UE'[#%(((_2'FO@!A.;Y?X^=42!.K5LE6$&M%Z7.F
ME



M[)2]B

M-U!@
*;!.



]

!O6L0X0!#E[8LRJ5
U17`8T+07)OV=;0Y2;-
M3U3GU'@CRUJIFD[9@0BR+,O*/!P42GK0)A357#@XMVFVQUVB/%V/4T.J=^2


M(4PHXD\7F$
P.'2;?A=:NSHUXL,+<Z
MU_P%3;1$:KD7F6NYN93T.?L`HA-H(F\Z+/:\LKKF(<531S4NZN_N#;[7!S$


/B6`


MF
]
NS$OU.M!U*1N-EH7HC2XTE_*63R6-#X@53E#BMU;?2%3B/XX7R@.0!


M0$'
L1UM[W6.2:1)0%RDYVF#2]THB2
`[X``J#2'*;B$R05IU2
A=O0O6;

Z4ZR::?P5G!MF:E:L29Q9D9B?^_3

M=&0M
C`Q-#`S

0L3<R
PAD/;F$C)

M)2*\AK6@&QX_
W2MC[[_4

K5Q7,\3JIFCL*,
MA;G+?P\,D;8,Z(RW%;%;:=]@6`L@+I)7%@_*DE7M=WJ[T2L5KJ4#.-NT[]Y







MB9/QEVF;+V&:_J2$BMQ(O5\H\:NH_48#S6B;B@1_9AF_%_P
MMBAN/@Z3S(VTTZ$W%K89Y_.8C1]985/2Y7$W%7







<!AE4<:WB3
M8+]KJE^57JSMX^UJ^Y8521[+I[^P;7#85?VOP4!.E#O;96+R24Z$NX_4[DC
MUMH'QUUE1`@%8:7G@Q6^4.IS

0M-7C=S-?


ZSQD5\/PH+






M&JR2P2X!WT4+?H0XW
0@;




M


1=U%:N1C1'L$_!O

BR;9



M$@+RTWS


/5:\DC:OIGB:E](DN+6VP3$!



ZY--JG&?38.EI5<Y!
M%M]4(U8H2Q^U&Q40\`WY&HRZ&N`6I&1=2SO973E1T-I/X!*P*WOBNPUH-1*

M_M4RUB;


B+QIOL$`#
+5QL#*`INAM
B:')JPOYV?DX//ZZ

MSGGD5'G&JQ.FY0

6(-P/LJ.+4MTI5-\#.D2'!UZVQ]79%)6(A
T#PY=^HOD


MW
9E6.R5(


IS


M!?O''L^A9CH5&ZO\@FBT5_KC*E5NMP*1/-HFYGI52YO7HAJ%)3C7FZW`I$

#K
M+4'$SEBTF/3VZB

OOW9_5MGCA8]/;R\]4N!<7\76\)<Z`SYUY



_WRHE0XA;`.(#B!





M`S^/TIT$0?-581H.S6V'LBIJ7FUB

MHKI@




MPJ*'8U&&.\:!)MGPIJ[**LQB7MF_N;'0H@7OSM%TT80P@X?4/MWQ\2S!33$

W
M90-,I09J#U-P04=YE*4_



:1ZYU6#0ET?3TU\
#R3M[



UKI#F(Y-+&P@UJI9H$LU.*X8?YO+9Q^J^FH*;-V&#&BRMT
MUV`F4@I-H75]&TQ2\:S#''7&8#8EBZS!?
%5V;+XL?BC!FX[#XO?Q:Y*4T

9[@(W6[H'+!\!!WR2F<9C/TF

6

XR=
M)E9;


KERF5&G64O@C%FM_?N=IIK#QV]:]:=.Q9RI/LIS51Y)76


M1N^@W_-K*QA39


%QVYC:0WV


GP'T?X19G/(BZUG<5(1[AL^[0:)Z

M]\T`P

^:/!O(GQ.IJNH&^%]*!Y:*IJ(GR:G5\
M4%W'=D0'\)&9X\W/-(B;YXY+D/?\]1F.7++
P_7&`



=CQM;X7P5



MD;)3L%Z2Y0@+_16.T8$-=%GDY8F#WGU4F1AW$4EA5_2;%X5M7:PON`U!YC


P;';\JGZ'DI#9G3X%2E5K_(





$'-DY*L

7J\A@`-^UO]P1+()JKV-

NC!J%


[.GFB(2Z
M*K5'`$B=/EB:(D7((Y!


M97F?U\-1Q9^U

X#N^N6M
M+DB$67MA

5G




M8H6Q+'!$*Y'


M



MI[/U=5

(OSC



_*/$UB/E-G;H*;IVEM//A''Q[^F2`Z'OWU


BZ;T=N.CTBA[+.P`V`@\
ZA0



MLXE_WQ.

\RRTXRD&TQ+`L?^5LRI8=E[`MW14=3D`J0'@&VC$EQF+O[73+
M]%QF43YF5_(

O+=4_Y0_AI8-

M2X8CD&[P`IOND%W77!

M2



5



_Y(@_6ERLH




G(/#H
MC[!TUE/B(Q9AUY3H1&%+/BYY1\#J

&3R

WAJ1*B!:V#O9[+4Y4T*[HE-T($




6GP


=-I8P$8O/Y\CF#Q\K[+?UQJ`*EU^-2^
-`T.LSNVRF-?A6&T+

M?0$R@;+.&WMS4634:KQBJ4K&=YBPW1

M=00`!

;:.2W!%:;P##0^P^V`)'
MM#R)%LDB6TEN








M[#T

Q[ORC#*DJQC(Y&:I^P8'/UW1:





J(C//5`96
MWYY#XOT

MO`6PG*?)D`O*(S]NBJ]%7C]?Y
4LG.JFD51A?VB/`;KL:DR$(4:$9F]!$BN
MM`H-PO=(8*#?:=G`FW[PI`R

60SGX\_%F

!Z]W@%P%6@6]Y6P*\






WK
;4(!^'*:Z5E2US1VJ?LD:;:

MS8M:E$)1QTO:*SBB4

P
`@#'E]

*EO=2=P7!8L&%8L07K!XU6

0Q;WQ@BB'AW#KU;4QF9C\





B.3P=HJ.7S/:;;QQC&#

,%D)
M7P(J;!$4#^+V\V%V7X+5/68/X2LKS_@9(2W-S&WD&UX85F8\HVV#O3:!*6IA
M,-8V[8VW<Y^83FKT(C@@5++5?DU=-A.SAXI5FP=&1RQ.WEM$JT;2<DCD`
M:U:J6KGR]W77&H)\?NU



EVMO


\DU=E568Q4DVO*X5%9FM_Q9L





M/'=;50DFOAC.1XB]GB$;U-4HY\_)*0*OQ1U`(=ZCKB5
B7=.&11B8=/KHBH#

J]YP8.E


M]YAJX'


?:K[3A^+


M(IM+#4%D;R^98@H4SW:1W!_!T+=;OO+`Z2
09N4K!80IJ!7#(6;@;UK?\
#M

HRNNL*N]8

M
84
L:!(U)(SI#0#8*:0&&G%H
%.
MYZP8;5C4(E86!#?8_2]`:%
F)MV1/#H5;#:TU@Y::']`!X%-+Y-V-K$0JU




MC56ZB-W=6.2-[.7-HN%P4XU8

MD!PP5(B;C*'
:/8$!!2\4/K



.1U^+=[X[Q0#T)'Y
4




/7R^:9V9Y$

M*AUPTDO\[3H0'HHP*\.H*9#Z6U*-[EC*
Y!NPX)[$OR'K2_(\[8@JXYW0=4U


DB(E%O*]).CLU






M=)$*&T*@QQB0Y_M41=MJMX#J/4UX5W`Z`$@N$W(5&-#J'17]%&OE!
*E(O

?!4P&`F40B)/?*!JP!5Z$?&\.E4;8VP($E!$[:P0@


M;XDL`3*$CF

_:U7!/`V\:\D24'J3L%QFST+$V_F


DB6[7C_)4;D'52CCA0GB#]


M9^95)

5?='B'@/
M0-C0!M^L#!:E]WPE<1$]/^_YM].UEX3%MBALLRIW_9=:PU3R^42IGC?5Z)/

B%OK@+/VB1Z
\I)P
?0)7H1&+
7!(


&^%T'.#]D&O
MYZ^8Y4*)B[4R5LCHOZ3\FN]@MZ.T_PPG31`H7X15ZD2R0_'^*J'#/1QC.N


.?N






M_X]&VL@A$0N/LLM81^[_6U'G(%*JQ35T^ROHF1O/;1GL37V4.VMO[YDALQ81






M:%^.HXL[B@$VA-[9_\%TW!MNFC;RTA/'LW:11^`-C*$'7M^`)GAWOXT,\?0
M16M9&QGCH
<I?;Y]PRI^<




B

MGNMCO7&/!S3Z96#MG%H3(2:SR6(UK).Z?!&RUIT2Z#*?+28I'J7-TXQELDW
MO)5F/`*0P!:'SG_!%B=&X#S?]#Y*X$R1/71('Y)RKQX.\G#(E:8%[).W
M#

M@^\P/][K
DDVBZ5V_.C6C9)N$AM-A





MUNSEZ\-)(L2@KD9YD?PI?7E-WI'[M0C
!/.@.RU8]K*Y79!X&Q8W11



-



6]0L+9.*P%13ILO9RX]WFR[7WR%P^^AP11#8$-IJH99\;SE=

:8&
MWT.^Z'K:-;IRP\A!%*8]2,D3)%12T(7OB]Q_LJ**DG48FS?YP]*B$-^&LS

)FBWDY



MD+ZE.WC


C`Q-#`S
M




M)^9'GDHLWT\5U^]]UW7[*_$M(\^CYG_+-T&11LJ+3]0E(*^J^+BNR_NKB
M\NN+;RZ_^)2'?R!C@-_96F

HHN)PGZS2
M;



MY3(E$_*NN&@)N



MV[^NYNN_(TK@5M^]8]G4LV(@SZ7?ZWV6T0]&^3*(_X:#[#8);\AT)%&UG-RJ

XV7.4O9/N
M
^C?_=A8-






DRN+'-(\T06%F[.X


/7H2O'A-`JL&4ATDVZ#*%&@

MH_


ML;LUEM$2+ND/^
AZ)G%VPON\TXLT??X!31]N$/OA]C]_O/]I.B
.XAE-%^CJ
Q6+JX/E
M,MV3[CSA)29=(]N=!UR4[ERU2%RV5\KJ*40E@PE.3K23Q#AJ!<1CE<.`Z7)
M:GH48[+'N(X?:,OW]$JS58[E^*U3Y&045/]F#_=/DODZ^^^C.=#CX2F]B@



?Z'F/ZW

=QYYQ3

;`3C-J%@^66X;BW-W_
MU^U-B7W2^]N%2X



M3BYN+62(#'2!FQ8;EX_IH`#J&@




:\C



9L)C#@.
MC:E5%.5LET1$.7Z0#6`Y?O(#?T-^RS6+X'()X22=9ZH=7!J^FMAG=RZ68X


ZH!M/H

!3`P63_3


*SVB([8RSLXI5/*^'LYJ`
I$LT3)'5_WA^_
MB99H=@(G
\
1WJ
QF#'Q4O2FL/7%WG?.8$Z[O@(DBV(R[7/3YWOMK-R%C9!G
M_O#3[=/BGJPWVZM/=$$?/]

W=_?7]XO//0CUR-.S-0
@YO5'%4K3-Q=R+JF







MB&SB%'8GY;#_+D?:=V%[55


F[)H4<5J_:@1KU!X
M8I`.W,%H@3\55^1[OQK@J,'C'$C-_@.01,D1H_<02X(N=&2*
))J7-:B^PN







\[
:T;_O9KGV'(




M\X+\E-



9;U4
AQF[W5T!7*HNKA@G*EG1E*6GJID1X_8BP&*(\EJ+UD&:
M.Q_05'$

'!

M)3&JJ+U8E

M1K2K)

B:II]5ZY@)9I:
M^`9`R6K5VN



=6=QE@SR
MS30)Z7]H!


M+X)/)D=@
A8'FSUI[\4]'LND3VC]=L\ZA8B[.(@V[`&J*FG\B#
6_0['E9;3


MZUZ_P0E4EEB%Q4!3HU)=$2F2(BM3*C\'


MQ*]YJ][,@*`0


'M5&TD2$W![R7=S[%Z(`D!

%'M-VLB3W:9^N&6HL3YSK+N?5[^0:S
MTS$03#H

Y]H*&LEP%(0II9E-O\GQ#(-7S

Z281KC`9#[Q6J6Q

JT['I..WG9]/*(B1L



G93'FY#

:PD;R=\;2=^_=V^



MNITKFV

TA'.\VL\(5M/P

MYXWCTF



AK?%6.S@P))G+M+I\K=]


M/43V]F@&2#NC8[2.0JTD7?Q)
3?S*3D-3$%=R)EHQQ78\KL]69#@CU$2;??;
@U-&F/[U/=AGTKA8[^Y=V8J`C;@58JPZR/ADJ^BD]GJHW6/#;6ILPG
%?:


)90&.9


WZFV*?'XF9:V]JXF6I7X

QC^VU(?$)[)7F5GM7]JH0GX#IN_=D

M1QKBZ8(OZJM&1:24LJZE20N60S=


KIJH%Q)M`=1OTCZP55#?C
M\AC_)/*F*[2KY'WA\@:UO.2/
9

&:7=U$2),L3)5M2-N:+G:HE-K37NK%WDVS)3/Q&LJ6[I_E'='?_
M,'VX?B]YE@#@!AHR&-E6#\&7&(?Y'1F-ZV,-+DU-*67BT-OA0P]A]V
FK]E



)65*.#EQD:J(XB[-&/5



-_^'V/W^\


M?8)0E0KLO$O(T5LY#D;A+XY#KD9Z0-MX83V(`SMX,-;I+E@^*.5?#Y_I]
MD"'_E50TVYI$B@/DJZ#E*-Y)J/2C`\P:UO%(,1UF_`(?()TICCL3`^8[)?
MDW!XJM1HM=!=NL7/9.9DX9DS^B6:1D']0$+)Y:)DG4*&GKITA!K5Y*BB]^89


_/#9S9`#SA


E$AX&
U@V
M&!'G1#4K^8D9L4OK'I=QQJY#1;'=FBM,R9M5$M+:Q)X\'3**$MRQH`3XO/


M+A*/..BB)D/!?@M%9?#%%]
BARA1S))Q[Y
+U&Y











M.*8SVC/.7J
ESK6^4
=E^51



MR88]

M@LIN7T!D*'R6J`:I+D10+M/$IR]I=FO]'I8.PG)J.W2-IG
=BO

MG9

MU'0;XM3(QC[#ZR`^]@M2JK.7RUF1SGX9I.4Y5VF&&'T#7!Z\20)H1%;54JN.

_3[!RA0_O^)#LRCRJA

UH5N@4#5ZM8



MCGW'1RG!:]K-F;O!FN$\_QX%C2$+O9K*3FU%0I:[LYB0/2_S(8@2NL;)S=1
MODOSB=XY+Y1E1U/QVC=(V@EZ4*7
J#/*


/43W@3+2'%&[J$UK$C]+2+EXK`(X3T


CE[$


M:39-PB?
XA'TM1!E#/9#VV0]%RZ&*2&;T$M2=65$6^`']Y^L3(
LHK5!BN`3
M+7%`)

$8O.


M/8G..8D?6#?J









MXDVC1MN3:I9G/9R0329.M(LC)(@._!$A\0A$;,BK9-QB?FZ@/??K7-RJPV
M\+ZZO9L_W=(@MY_NG\G2&Y%_5DN
Q?2_;CU8BCMP!?T/2!SX`=L.EW2]7(%=

M)E]L58JB?KO20

M_J?LO'1%)OIDZ=%K`C6
9/7W5!CRX`1IR
F13R=&IB=%+I\EF`BQH`TB?G
`
MD\&+DR'C$R%GZ9AH%;1DG3_BC!53N@KR:*DP!@F]_=1


)F-&JB_



MG[\#`F.`_/93VP#E$EZ]UBF]J)TV./_YC]]\]Z_5/9M/Z;Z









M
Q4Q+_E0AI
09[(@!0_L6HUEDTE?`V3G5LM]S0G










M2KJ69F@;)`=$$[73UH]]\-58!9.`&:S$'JSO$
E2BHQ!S*HQE%W3;PU[F5SM

M-



C`K4L

KJBF$EUC-9G5*TD0H5S5L9*=;OM=HH=*%!9-MJ#E28,6]T)UP18]NR$
M5LL[7HDHC]D#-;M0MISL03Y2]&Z`O<HM$

U@#P*@*`=&Q#RT
?F

BA5PI56`
#E]]Q#'+-R,7=&JQA[[
M(
I8[/HTSW&13Y/FU/L1!]0
PGGR1)




M`^-1=MR+89_-EWQ==;`]M
%W8



$:@6H`_M=AZH=0^K
8:1E=1AH

MAS0Q?9

6
@^KJJM=9*B[ZU+AM$QQ;]S;@U&A:BVSP1



GD$^






!/F`XCZ3+/`VYN#$.:=6@1@T9!

L.JS1[[)0_8C(H!7W^%/*()CW0*B3:!6

-708[#ZW2[PTG.MMUL
MK3G?\4@]'L=]&'#X

MA

R&9\A%H::
O8$!Y7





_;X<\7@



7KU0
K!VARLEW;MA&8/[58SLX6GOFN2L
MCV[3(HB-EQ6GZK[3A8#R]2L$.@Z1_U/EV*:57S
Q@SYN]S;1*Q
(834GJEE/

M'PNV






M

M&*&G8O$`/W7O80CBY%YBJ*T'/8KZE##B)!Q2RWNF*+PRI!&[I\^F$G81!2\$
M/_.A7LIPK;9.QT:HU)Y7@W1R6MSAD&SO8K*V+?8TEKE%K'`)VG=NJ\\S9@,
M-8()@I4-H[JUKM
$_IR:TG66VX#@


M=^0P#



@THXZS_#<-)








M(]7?G3^TE0]H:RN@&

MW%4IA[8[*2G&]10SC_0E?S^9H]E'^F*_


!97$

ML_JU+P_+T
P&!FW8#^@SD$^(YRMYV24?2C/$V%G6_$:Z`=Z$-].)L4*%8+=A

MF_VCVE*G:DA'Z3
&F&:7RK8^8[5Q4@+/]-DWJAU]RH=TS/RY7^_S`C!G26

?I5T=


@[034W



M/+`!Z&$$/+KH*[\R3S08T?/9!0I`CBY:1(=3X85P^8(9J'Y:P#%3SNG1LWA+

P_R.

M%3`.C[55P!.NNA''$[!&0NV$7/&793!X$^C8AGM$FFM4/6?#U6F*6C(1?+%.
M7[\

M#E2G-ON$B2['/+I8+LG2+V+78J_$

M-=!^H0$;_M



1!OB1LOFYNDZ'#?U.W:/<0/4

)LH*C!-0)@L%GY/$%BHY9'DNVL@IN7S!#E0_?7DP@
HY
M16*RQJ=NH_5&6\I%P^8H89E4GGRLA9X&),OR`'JIC^M&40QY\-]N$)A-
3


M;S$;GWF(='Y'P^3F-:Y

@939U/SY.R
M(





MH\(&VT_N5\$^9@Y6MIU6

M


M:D$*]PIMP$%Z6J!D8K+:DA$QS@F]KZ&O^\M$H8R=KE=Y^2BW1PV6A$2?10D*


GO[$-.YS8R

/6HW8U:-VZAQHL#&L*L
P8;Z[.)YNY4V`&O7(V1ZBP<!AM'PV!O@F&P21@)]C:*




MX

5[3LKB`Z#T:A%Q!=6)Q?MX&K[V2-N
MO&1O$-F_.6_V4+@.9^\WV%_=SM3*7GX,LE]Q@7;R;EJ]@!=4+MRJ2_1M$9;4
M\?(8\6::-C:G=]SS]W(0K:642%X6'OVP3Y0;L$NV/S+&VKG\YM4RS]AMF8-
MELM#U`Z!@$H

ME5SVIT6E#&)%:$J-IJB3]L$#KV6@%&$.@VID5#%Q]HU+(%@`/+8+BO[+P/*
MQ:6'4`$KI%,N'*J-$3!I-W[[VSYZ#6*RKUVDS6?G6?H:T0=1/Z4%^?^?:!%
M&89&-&@78&


0767

DO(N2(%G2GY=%


M-\NO


W:


ML0RXBM.4KBO6LYWZV+&'T.[DWM?3KGIK&C3[XO$+#Q9ZZC%NS4Z:`;9X0DBK


M?;U[9R8;XZXO4P^PNW-0;39X&8/SLU!I?O?^TU!O\KNK-:`[$1V:L1T\$7;/



(51K3K(
M3#%F#
2XWJHU&O):LAW+D:R191F]1\;C4[0C3368?1`@)-8G'(\ID41%?L0
MHRM,I@P:?D/-^SI%](%QMDLSECTW]+XP36(.:\.)$I6SVEA$'M8ER?)WF

TFUWS@-%7


M3H05D%$

-A
;-&!WAC:13+AA

RDMLRW2N`B1;M*8)9J[%A=S_6EDC%J6ZN;

MUMH$45;T&67^G-4&H7\A+;A?CYEHK[OH


MHA
&MN?'_@

MO#@;-E







;IWL.E246NC/2E&OX3=^+
3A



MX
WUJL$`LZV%A#%@1Y62V6ZC@B4'GR;A\:L1(`\9C-=V(1F0/&(=F9H-$3[4
M8O3I;MM$7YTB
J`
WAT1P%0BF8](-?(








S+1&!149W!.^YA^Z2M#SZ3ALHPEG0QBQM&80^@KCQT2
M2#%MX!AHY0R0T?LA/:,?P%%GJU5@QR?W`]42$*G=SP?B3`;\S61ELTN@O12


M68/FS@?:1='(%F$JKXED^^.*ZH%I)
M31^.V8\AZFYG&S$3.:PV/\C19!B

M(



RU9?/Q(

MOK$T4S814/SO?

N7U!E)GF

M5U

\:FJX,009:VME@5T#'9D

MY\LLVO6I%RQSJPW/+*PMWS`C:[3AM9F!95586GALPWM;Z\&NF;E)@6MOES_=
MTOS

^&*
`[W


M4I25LNTHK^OK'1
PMNS$'(ECWQZ5G_@)YZ3]VT^[*..OG5A)39G!0#@=O#C2
MR=+_V*@R$



MGA4CHIR(L;)GTRX=]RC1Z'*?BY95HKU0T?9
H?%1U?.5\=9\L




MQ^31JRLCK8']D]5W5W?1Z_#G





?WM/

MTC:Z%$[B$
S6AS5[/$Z*$O(C4

G6X*

M


MM=[A6D--L\F63B+UECI90^UVU'1AD[;4;E?K+6


_OTF[K6I[P:GI=*C1WCZZ?6BYVX?[


MJE(2_QM/]@/#UXP'1^;+AB+_E45E\YZVK%?94^EV=:&7
F0Q8^
_39*/7P(6





JR*[`YV(AJM*Q#ONSEC5P2(F])@P

J<

*0J

MBY^9GR4Q^ZRK&`I0J94QALX]:PV.3[($'44O;

7&



MG:


'\
M.





M).84!V+I8NN#I:])QNZ=3KY^]LX+;L!_^'GVPX]*GV]^Y:?I9QA/_N%'A6P;


M

+OO2
2K_Q

MO*^YDGN1XX'



DS


8[Z3*K;$!%N/4VY2))[YB&$TU%IG)?CH)#


:3

QGAO*N%/:H9=31
0!




L&
8'.$
MMI(-.MY!+NKIF)PCQ2)@^1WV$\M1V4HXZ)3K9=S4(TN?WT&5^I0K)$%''78C

MFY6')$Z7__?2S\*

4.?.N86?]8[.2(QO&=F*:^K6M-*'





M6*/\ZN=%6BIV'BV]6G#

MG#?'!P0NG#?WBT8C5RP*L$B

M)C#7&;)K-^[I.8FD%S7&ZA:&/MS\#J



.
;


8K50Y1-





MV)OU'_/.27AT[%F!:G]A57&]V

Q9



MDU[4)SQREHY

;*UG7N)G<_!D60.&\:#UD
2A\.)BML






!D&(
M_VD;2R_2U]_%`7O#+QHN/[_Z_TK2TCFCG

MJ7H+6*




O$0#NTW]E(N%;C0EAW'*%67BH\

C]S%JM0YH4D`(:=W*C+[*/#`

MA=N
1DV&)HX'8;=;Z=]NP^\LF)]$'29[0\-
-)ZI*&6]P]




MN2`
'!+O172Y-+2$D9;[X&:5*ZQEB5I79H'.C\.YV]KVQB)6WQ1A(S5#FR

M]V[.80JYEJ_H3FHDE.O@%=T);7_-)A]-K^A.?N2O$]V)G)!PXIC1:'Q%=_(C

W)9[^CDR'RLX;F@Q+^F
M*D4CD8(.DA@YFIH4Q`3IX/OAW]]VJ!Z=D'ARKF3.U*5?XOKATH]!$20B[!5
M:;OT2S@DR]2@5BSSNVA*`FP2^?H

MR`3@^/?&LJP$=
M

C^V'QEQ[!9


WD8S-L^$Y\1KO55A1\-7C4AXA^?N@MJ7G5&&




DA]\M.N;IS5+&]_LH@X5BJQ:\8CTW;MW;=RS6D2*HD;'P$H
M$JXA(X8P&+9JFU

ML4STT$;V.0`EX4LPGW6E@&Q5_*8P=

M!JL

A@

M`'60\$#5XUF

MPQH^1Z4L*(N$4\J
=4U8MBJ(4YBZ*\^[61I^^+QZ\ET
:(LR']$#RQ]3EOO?

#:JEQ.Q5(R#IT!^)OO7'M%F+W/XPZOV:OTPDDE


MDPY

UD+B`





!M'
(<P5R]



M'M4B\6@%EX9#T0Z)&ZCZ4
R
JV


M0

Z

@1B0:0*LO<?]U.Y1!YV^2#T_<34MWOIA



X7L^!`X?4C:WM*0T?$#M/W30!()%Y*K66D_^NU#LOO[))XLKTZ_^GF1
MEBIZ8C/_LWPC-7I[!(V

4Z*Y/13:JFM`T

D!I]
MM7B\CA#


M3UX9=_V]O=%YL?!PC4M#8V62WFG-(8E1H0@Q$H'$,GWG@_)1]E%0P(58@8

(E;90


M:




H#5Z:J$

MW0800.+FS7`=

M63;:ZN
(V0

)HQW
M.(;I41$+@GP/&$G$!6/:%P6#2*'8*LAKEZ[+*$EX'R?W
SE/.Q]ZYS2*$!H0



2]PLRA@3.

M%%D.WQZ^)



MK!ID[V!\I(Z?J;X7,`/Q]5T9MA*7:UI'=^T#4NC9`AC#IV3#VP;TBO7Q*N
MB;\F42!)&JPE[9T?DKC)-676!!W;K=RM&\JZ[.&15/\$=%WPNA^/+`V3

M37R(/73//2;%.YPF19P/FIC$H@G0&HG7+VU8Q09$Q#`Z&P.F*(BU]27HH&O'


S*:Q0*@

M9RZN17AX-DKG*;RNRPK6-#(QX&U7KMK2M




M:`FZESPC40L!9J=^PR9KKXZMR7[:RR:W22%77]$0!W&OVJ2XUX_=S&8:DN

')/:A



M+DF*QI+GIX5;DG46!;Y*O)7Y4LK]O]2MCDH!7#)A*B@;F$-=@0IQ1G0KM![/
MDU(GG0@B#_HB_:))8`4U\'VX#@IQ2:`JR3.0NB7C]J$@&D).)3FHUG`22$


M'^'WH`X2MW_M42TV+8DR+%U#4-A/;$[=.NY/N2`HB(0+I=[*I(/-TA5&I\(9
MSR]()!O1H4=
[#:6WEY@-

3&''+(

*J8[_VN9CQ4%.+YSP:HI!$$X[]*RUR_)8Y&.
MWV''Q#-93Z=)7&YV
(^[=@.@!1('7,SJ(.3YHW*JH9$7;(UY4$')`X(=;DV
M@MG_0N-N



MI)%-@CRP8C:KM'/;/R:)X-4]$[/.ORL\O3,Z21II&.=6;*JA?A&\L@J&5
MMBIT0_0]J(/$=(@RA5W;H5CZ$*NQ`T_C



M5^;S85&.G%WDRE@3HW:\LR
27A83LA7FH@^[#X$J*X1W\:S(LU)5`V60BD0*






*JM[V4D:/O@S-B!MSJV<EV]A[.7Y;.0XT]C6%+H$(2
M



MA17R(QPS^:'-I'0((E'!$TLI`YBQ&:ZY8LK$98E+63VL/H(D)-X*=(ZRTT

MP93VE6T)IP^I892C`AL4.G=%S1OWCL](!&WN9QJQI*X^Y*JIK8M1B3L;%7F6
M^S$_5CT4JO@#V[\%-)!P:=LR*


Z/





3



M1*/6A(0C
:D(DCZ\+#5
3BW
!'Q$HT:4

HSB42
`[HE$-S)AF

JJ/A^S#?/&]AZ$.IOMW3HNJ-\
;'8-6TSK];%&&$




JFEM2W$T
M1%R[&DI'QI@27J\B]JT4O0*]D(CW57.GB#UD/4A:K]I)2O0!TW+
*5F&$4


1H






K

'?K:*B=$'JMDCAXC/SXP9\R


:CBE
1MH3G7*!A;




^05L7$;7!D=VY+5Q8@0[MAG)SID
AK$?C\MJB)DT\XA





2VV@U=UC
BAS9CQ?_




R`H?_0_^8[X
MJN#I067A3V(!?@'4T2E!JB%Q^P$`_.^A6`=W'H:C2U$8!WT8T`/*YTY(Y?



9NT;J
C&7_WMR+BG3\P'*=2*8ZW

MA_9=.3K5DAPX#1^3-4:WL=$
J?M;$;
:.URI%`=
PX-D/M=JX*(9/8=U76/I
M5`ARV


(?6:

4WM`PLBR2/*N^DITL9&LUJ([+A5_Q2Z
M!M[-XXHV-IJE0591
Z:G%:4@A]W-W9$N-)JU/V0&J2[;JR/
X7?SXL4$7B]J
M@]A*07%`8\6M^9IALI6,1#G3U.=/'`?G)8&0$BTVB%E!;%4=HVXK-!^Z#
M$Q(Q;BW8QR9$6_5'G%O&'A^X#TY(/W7VX8)QA:JCW3X@?O@A$20I#GM4D`(
MQYU


M^0+[@@SF.



M^[DRUAJ)@\?(CQ_\J4[:


M-
6YDCX1W;A50[CO-\T`H:ONCT78(


IIY1F3=
MOX9IK0ZA7(Z#)N$QL$AG!9?C_*6;J2BLG$6B+?`!S^*(OTTVN`JXR$/\!\

\])*(-S&VD

M[S%TD/LST(M)M2B'3N+
;[AWT(=&







)C\BA916@
M+

MBO];(1L6L(]+0V5:
+$`*
3IJB9A23R=R6#T(;O?+CYESA%

F`7W#VY\+!GY%EH'5;N_3JMA'.*)PYI+-W74'#Z.BD
MS
4ZC(-[Z$94&=


M


MJ`]%O/`1(+O_






MN=+R&8GCFCZ%B`G(`?;AV-:XWO(9B2A

G@FM
M6@.-DBCDL`\CV@)-(B9RSV9TFQ2I-2M:-0;Z).:




/)//05YB%&WOW8U$


M8S_+X\E5DL[D7

M`*SVON)2WL4%C3V6(9LZ-B$`BAB!8_?0+6P7X\DM8PJ'[.9G@(C&ADJE=)$?
M5@0%(6=?U9&Q
PSL]:X+MG14*4XQHH\!'0U?:PVB)(`0NAS[?A8]O7KWTXF*


M;`7H/D%W%[E'%U&Z_&_\*/MGF+\G1?[L1WPX?
?

0T
MNN4%PC4@KT0GE0/]N

5#+&#:;`*VY#\IMSRY$8!$3
=G-A0_`?/60-.8='KJ_/6AI[5#1HSL;NK
MQ/&2^G'FCTL6XK@H:\&DU?DV0GJ27L'0XZOH




75GO
MXKR[%V:&*!%KZ%@*R'6(:\5PX)ZYE`5!DUU/\9%R9B$(Y#\
2]?TDNV:
?


1C\J\CF9[^7A'OZ

MO\N_EYBBCKCG-K]\Z]8@-CYMS?2H^%!YC77)2ZCP)'TLSE3F(Q;PW+Z;=F0P

M1[#6IN$'*.Y#&*:O*0FJ^B

9%6FK
T'[6

M9(?9+

MS;K&@B%NG$28]#0#Z_'
#X/K!9)%GH!A'(SR=Y;.YULCP]%I$!1+PI/8EBGI
MZZ!QAF/2QG47?P`+22H_S$OE0$TDKJ_:

M:]0ZL)4_FH)QZ9\LK(0)@@))I/:W8T2FN&WEGLX3Z!%L^&K=&8KRE32&*B3
MA+?'1IBI$J:MM-0Y2UU?H\2\;PDP_'O19@RT`6
E?SS
?)CGN/E!OYVAN2W

I.XIIV8XK?5@ILLGN;VY#G_;:TMY$T!NHDX3^VL;=1

BD&5`AB1.VT=;6'*M5.+N-[5B[$,8,FGZ:-#E?5
2QZ4

M(8G'\


TJ7)KU5.);2[#IE
MN!+/5#UX*2=HJ1RHA\9
+6
*8WX
M&P



\I%X


M@-TN_


M0]A[6TGK;+M39WG9234I@D\!F=


M;YP)K)W=EQ\OCK



^1+L=?=_L0[=_OH
M%7]+D.[W;:5=\?YL\\P/WTDZ=X8*G6N\]=`=(TZE4S)#X`)#8N[3BO9

^1EEY-;36QF


M$


9W[\.4H7_[#T




*[^NIGK-3I_P502P
$%`````@`K(1-1D.F



@T/</GP`
M?O[K\RP.'C'CA:?#[KOC@XG(0T(LGD\\&OH\O.QX/@KW_Y\Y]^_J=.)_B

M0OSY8K$_/3P4*5#0A11CAB)

MX(\4Q61

8BWV



9


^4-_WJ0(\DLD#

OIE@0

MX6%

M+(8$Y\K9H]AU^[2I6RFS8)5;4&37RF67ZY(\XZC'.1:Y..4'5BFZ1YM2Z*1!





M^G%3IW)NP9/

M:V`;\[.1'5=

MJSZVZU

MV`X6T[6^R1QNUZIB5S!83UNE=K'/E:6R1;!K5?%+J+?5M5)M;P%:JU/&8+M


MO%;IO9JO\L+TL%\5






M








M
I'^M2N$ZHU=/AA6J;*?G54&6Z'8O`;

M-J8[FP1/U'*J7\L5



$

(AB

)N]`J1?OBRK8H1F:F)9!@-QG<,SPC'?&-V,AA?8\1Q;\(P
M+L^L%#DYK4$O_-$VQ&I@G*6KE-,-GCU@!D!!!SZ3CF,YF89+R@[/PF_NSV9



M*XLGQ@R
7G6@C*-7E
RI.&
412'B0IFZV!P

M1L*)T-1U34E
YB


S0C)K(:2/FRFOB&D]0K
WZ

M&BJ7O!-D_)4J4\-5D]R]X_&/?Q@\B='W`D/Q*:NP@H[P#`_AK-J9@ZPE3-
M&#B.AG0LGF1



MBCP`]Y\^X(T3K\1P;C&8KM



@R7&MU0:#AY&_ULY$3U3L])E

5^!M
LY)F4)U6O*R0M\C@95)*`GE(+8XA@#*
E-.07A7WQV*4:R0P&R<6SLE:EN94U

MP/?O^JX2U0YS$NHZ#MBF^1TYFZPJA9LLM-'S!C`C?!EMHK\WM=
%
]BV^'JX



M
!E7[1[A%7\=**

Z4.Z1#9SBKP-E



ML)@R.`V*!9L_&SB..C9P_GS@C#!LX/SYP+&EV


]T[EF^F
MT;N(P-PPS.N+)8C7_R1DD<4JZW=M'17R!VCCT0Y\?Y&E2?YO1KKOOYE)CM`
M]RJ
[(:4W)


M+4#NO@1

7/]6R8?=2B];MGPO'O[4.










3J_RJ-/
M8)7S`6EW`D/@.)F`N8\:/?H(5B@OE.[9SC%8@CX@C6O41/Y!Y)RV%ST2=:Z@


9#BY<$#9.
M@M!A+VQ2WQ*WT04FPC/=;P[&-=MV=68`2/O!;,Q1_C4CZ:PH+=!$*UBW9=O'
M/&1D#L0!N1G<YFW66VBNMF^1(8V_&`VYPC)N=(/YA8<0?EJ^P)MSO.M#`\
MQ@^KU!6C$&1HRFXX=2H7:7.



M^N8Q7)86I$9KW'*\.AA?)2'#B..KS`=JF=LE945E-W%_G=V`6V
W.52*:8P%
M+FZ
AV./-`%S7JD&=QG#`Z.;W2U-PC=`T`+3O=96*1\P#'U`;K&6)%?TQ'I
MTID-\*'!\8MU(


4````

C`Q
M-#`S

M```(`*R$349#IH
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
(a) Net of reserve for obsolescence for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsAndGoodwillTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_EquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_VehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=attd_PurchasedSoftwareMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
The state of Delaware approved on January 30, 2013 the increase in our authorized shares of common stock from five billion <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 to twenty billion <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
We implemented a <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
The Company&#8217;s articles of incorporation authorize the issuance of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of preferred stock which the Company has designated as Series A Preferred (&#8220;Series A&#8221; and &#8220;Series A-1&#8221;), $.00001 par value.&#160;&#160;Each share of Series A and A-1 is convertible into six shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock for a period of five years from the date of issue.&#160;&#160;The conversion basis is not adjusted for any stock split or combination of the common stock.&#160;&#160;The Company must at all times have sufficient common shares reserved to effect the conversion of all outstanding Series A and A-1 Preferred. The holders of the Series A and A-1 Preferred shall be entitled to receive common stock dividends when, as, if and in the amount declared by the directors of the Company to be in cash or in market value of the Company&#8217;s common stock.&#160;&#160;The Company is restricted from paying dividends or making distributions on its common stock without the approval of a majority of the Series A and A-1 holders.&#160;The Series A and A-1 shall be senior to the Common Stock and any other series or class of the Company&#8217;s Preferred Stock. The Series A and A-1 has liquidation rights in the event of any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Series A and A-1 then outstanding shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company available for distribution to its shareholders, before any payment or declaration and setting apart for payment of any amount shall be made in respect of any outstanding capital stock of the Company, an amount equal to $.00001 per share, The Company, at the option of its directors, may at any time or from time to time redeem the whole or any part of the outstanding Series A. Upon redemption, the Company shall pay for each share redeemed the amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 per share, payable in cash, plus a premium to compensate the original purchaser(s) for the investment risk and cost of capital equal to the greater of (a) $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 per share, or (b) <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
During the quarter ended September 30, 2009, <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of Series A Preferred were granted to Roy Warren. We recorded a non-cash expense for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 which is based on the then market price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 per common share times the convertible stock equivalents (9,000,000 preferred shares x 6 = <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 common stock equivalents). These shares have specific voting power in that Roy Warren has voting rights for the 54,000,000 common stock equivalents. The Board of Directors on September 4, 2009 approved an amendment whereas Section 2(A) of the Certificate of Designation is hereby declared in its entirety, and the following shall be substituted in lieu thereof-Rights, Powers and Preferences: The Series A shall have the voting powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions as follows: Designation and Amount &#150; Out of the Twenty Million (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
) shares of the $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
During the quarter ended March, 31, 2013, <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of Series A-1 Preferred, convertible into <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock at the option of the holder, were granted to Roy Warren for services rendered. We recorded a non-cash expense for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 which is based on the then market price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
At March 31, 2014, we had issued and outstanding <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 shares of common stock of which <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On April 3, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On April 4, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On April 4, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On April 9, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 accrued interest of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On April 9, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 accrued interest of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On April 10, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On April 11, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On April 15, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 accrued interest of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On April 16, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On April 22, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 accrued interest of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On April 22, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 accrued interest of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On April 29, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 accrued interest of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On April 30, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On July 2, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On July 2, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On July 15, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On July 23, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of accrued interest at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On July 29, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On August 5, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On August 16, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On August 16, 2013, we issued 1,498.851 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On August 19, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On August 19, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On August 21, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of accrued interest at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On August 22, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On August 22, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On August 28, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On September 6, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On September 11, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On September 12, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On September 12, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On September 12, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On September 12, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On September 12, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On September 13, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On September 13, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On September 14, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On September 17, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On September 18, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On September 20, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of accrued interest at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On September 23, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On September 24, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On September 24, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On September 24, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On September 30, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On October 3, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On October 9, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On October 10, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On October 14, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On October 17, 2013, we issued 5.000,000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On October 29, 2013, we issued 8.000,000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On November 1, 2013, we issued 5.000,000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On November 6, 2013, we issued 5.000,000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On November 6, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On November 6, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of accrued interest at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On November 6, 2013, we issued 8.000,000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On November 13, 2013, we issued 6.000,000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On April 3, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to two conversions of January, 2011 convertible notes for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and accrued interest for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On April 4, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July, 2010 convertible notes for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On April 5, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March, 2011 convertible notes for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On April 5, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
$<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 accrued interest at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On April 10, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July, 2010 convertible notes for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On April 10, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of January, 2011 convertible notes for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On April 10, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March, 2011 convertible notes for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On April 11, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March, 2011 convertible notes for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On April 16, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June, 2011 convertible notes for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On April 26, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June, 2011 convertible notes for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On May 17, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June, 2011 convertible notes for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On May 17, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July, 2010 convertible notes accrued interest for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On May 17, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February, 2008 convertible notes for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On May 17, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June, 2011 convertible notes accrued interest for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On May 25, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March, 2011 convertible notes for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On May 29, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of November, 2011 convertible notes for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On May 31, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March, 2011 convertible notes for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On June 1, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a cashless exercise of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On June 5, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June, 2011 convertible notes for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and accrued interest for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On June 11, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July, 2010 convertible notes for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On June 19, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February, 2008 convertible notes for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On June 22, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to conversion of July, 2010 accrued interest for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
On June 25, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March, 2011 convertible notes for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On July 1, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to two conversions of July, 2010 convertible notes for a total of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 accrued interest at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On July 27, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February, 2008 convertible notes for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On August 8, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to terms of certain athlete contracts valued at $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 with conversion at the contracted $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On August 15, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March, 2011 debt for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 accrued interest at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On August 15, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July, 2010 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On August 16, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March, 2011 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On August 22, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February, 2008 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On September 5, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July, 2011 debt that was purchased in August, 2012 by another accredited investor of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On September 5, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July, 2010 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On September 6, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March, 2011 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On September 19, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March, 2011 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On September 18, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July, 2010 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On September 27, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July, 2011 debt that was purchased in August, 2012 by another accredited investor of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On October 5, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July, 2010 accrued interest for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On October 5, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July, 2011 debt that was purchased in August, 2012 by another accredited investor of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On October 8, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of November, 2011 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and accrued interest of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On October 10, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February, 2008 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On October 10, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June, 2011 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On October 11, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February, 2008 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On October 11, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March, 2011 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On October 11, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July, 2011 debt that was purchased in August, 2012 by another accredited investor of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On October 11, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June, 2011 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On October 18, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July, 2010 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On October 24, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February, 2008 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On October 24, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of an October, 2012 purchase of a non-convertible note of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On November 8, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February, 2008 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and accrued interest of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On November 7, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June, 2011 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On November 8, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of November, 2009 debt that was purchased in October, 2012 by another accredited investor of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On November 19, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of November, 2009 debt that was purchased in November, 2012 by another accredited investor of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On November 20, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July, 2010 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On November 20, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February, 2008 accrued interest of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On November 21, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March, 2011 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 accrued interest at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On November 26, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March, 2011 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and accrued interest of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On December 3, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June, 2011 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On December 5, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of November, 2009 debt that was purchased in November, 2012 by another accredited investor of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On December 6, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June, 2011 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On December 11, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February, 2008 accrued interest of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On December 17, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July, 2010 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On December 17, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February, 2008 accrued interest of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On December 18, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February, 2008 accrued interest of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On December 20, 2012, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of November, 2009 debt that was purchased in November, 2012 by another accredited investor of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On January 2, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of November, 2009 debt that was purchased in November, 2012 by another accredited investor of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On January 4, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of September, 2008 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On January 10, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of January, 2009 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
January 11, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of November, 2009 debt that was purchased in November, 2012 by another accredited investor of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
January 11, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of December, 2009 debt that was purchased in December, 2012 by another accredited investor of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On January 15, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of September, 2008 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On January 16, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of September, 2008 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On January 16, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July, 2010 accrued interest of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On January 17, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to two conversions of July, 2010 debt totaling $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
January 17, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of September, 2008 debt that was purchased in December, 2012 by another accredited investor of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
January 23, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of September, 2008 debt that was purchased in December, 2012 by another accredited investor of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On January 29, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February, 2012 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
January 28, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of September, 2008 debt that was purchased in December, 2012 by another accredited investor of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On February 5, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of January, 2009 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On February 6, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of September, 2008 debt that was purchased in December, 2012 by another accredited investor of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On February 7, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of January, 2009 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On February 11, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of March, 2011 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On February 13 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July, 2010 debt for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and accrued interest for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On February 21, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June, 2011 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On February 21 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of September, 2008 debt that was purchased in January, 2013 by another accredited investor of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On February 22, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to two conversions of July, 2010 debt totaling $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On February 6, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of September, 2008 debt that was purchased in December, 2012 by another accredited investor of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On March 6, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of February, 2012 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On March 12, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July, 2010 accrued interest of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On March 14 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of June, 2011 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On March 18, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of September, 2008 debt that was purchased in January, 2013 by another accredited investor of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On March 20 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of January, 2009 debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and accrued interest of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On March 28, 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of September, 2008 debt that was purchased in January, 2013 by another accredited investor of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On March 28 2013, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of July, 2010 accrued interest of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On March 10, 2010, our Board of Directors approved the issuance of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 stock options to our Scientific Advisory Board at an exercise price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 that will expire in five (5) years on <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. We recorded the full compensation cost of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 for these options in March, 2010. None of these stock options have been exercised. In addition and on the same date, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 stock options as a retainer for future services from our outside legal counsel at an exercise price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 in which the options will expire in five (5) years on <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. We recorded the full compensation cost of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On May 25, 2010, a registration that covers the offering of an aggregated <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock was approved by the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors. As such, the 2010 Stock Compensation and Incentive Plan was created for employees, directors, consultants and other persons associated with the Company in which awards of common stock and/or non-qualified stock options may be granted. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2011, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock for a total of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 for past due professional services and payroll in which <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares were returned back to the plan, leaving an available <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On December 21, 2011, the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors approved the issuance of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 non-qualified stock options to certain employees for the return of previously issued shares of common stock that were issued for payment of past due expenses to be effective at December 31, 2011. The stock options have an exercise price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, full vesting rights and a life of five years. The Board of Directors intends to approve a registration to cover an offering to include these stock options as well as certain other stock options (see below) in 2014/2015. We recognized the full compensation expense of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On January 10, 2013, the stockholders holding a majority voting rights of our Common Stock approved the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan by written consent without a meeting in accordance with Delaware Law. This plan provides for the grant of stock awards to employees, directors and consultants of the Company and its affiliates covering an aggregate of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of its common stock. The number of shares of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On September 16 2013, the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors approved the issuance of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 non-qualified stock options to certain employees and the two independent Board Directors. The stock options have an exercise price of $.004, full vesting rights and a life of five years. The Board of Directors intends to approve a registration to cover an offering to include these stock options in 2014/2015. We recognized the full compensation expense of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
As of March 31, 2014 the Company has a net tax operating loss of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LaborAndRelatedExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_attd_ConsultingFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LegalFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TravelAndEntertainmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_attd_ProductDevelopmentCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherCostAndExpenseOperating'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDerivativeInstrumentsNetPretax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestAndDebtExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
(1) All previous convertible notes prior to February 21, 2013 were surrendered to the Company through a February 21, 2013 exchange agreement whereas the Company issued new face value consolidated notes per debt holder for a total amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 face value in new notes for the surrender of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 (after reverse stock split) Class A warrants plus $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 in a new note for work rendered for this consolidated financing for a grand total of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
(2) Monthly retainer fee of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
(3) Retainer fee of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On February 21, 2013, all previous convertible notes payable with outstanding balances totaling $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 were surrendered by the debt holders to the Company through exchange agreements whereas the Company issued one consolidated note to each debt holder for the total outstanding convertible note amounts. In addition and on the same date, all outstanding Class A warrants associated with these convertible note payables totaling 425,003 Class A warrants were surrendered by the debt holders to the Company in which the Company issued additional convertible notes payable for the total amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. All applicable 364 Class B warrants were cancelled as well. Both the surrendered convertible notes payable for $5,020,944 and warrants for $350,000 were combined into one new convertible note payable per debt holder for a grand total of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. All of these consolidated notes contain the same terms, maturity dates and conversion criteria and replace all terms, conditions and conversion criteria contained in the surrendered notes. These notes have a maturity date of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and an interest rate of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
%. The conversion price per share shall be equal to seventy-five percent (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
%) of the average of the three lowest closing bid prices for the Common stock as reported by Bloomberg L.P. for the principal market for the twenty trading days preceding a conversion date but in no event greater than $10.00. Each conversion submitted by a holder must be at least the lesser of (i) $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of principal and interest or (ii) the balance due on the note. In addition, another new convertible note was issued for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 to one of the accredited debt holders for their efforts in assisting the Company with these consolidated notes, warrants and modifications. The amount was determined at <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
% of the then outstanding balance of all the convertible notes payable held by the debt holder. This note is identical to the above notes for the terms, conversion criteria and maturity date. No accrued interest payable amounts were added to these new notes. A total of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 in principal and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 in accrued interest were converted into shares of common stock from February 21, 2013 through March 31, 2014. <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
Southridge Partners II LP purchased from another debt- holder $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 on April 9, 2013 and another $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 on June 5, 2013 from these February 21, 2013 notes. These new replacement notes contain the same terms as in the February 21, 2013 consolidated convertible notes. A total of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <table style=LINE-HEIGHT: 115%; WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Calibri
 <div style=CLEAR:both;TEXT-INDENT: 0in; MARGIN: 0in; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
(b) Monthly $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
We issue each month a convertible note for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 to SC Advisors as part of their consulting fees. Previously issued convertible notes from August, 2012 through November, 2012 were consolidated in the above February 21, 2013 convertible note. From December, 2012 through March, 2014, we issued $25,000 monthly convertible notes for a total of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. All of these notes have maturity dates from December 31, 2014 to July 31, 2015. The notes can be converted into shares of Common Stock after six months of holding at a conversion price to equal the current market price multiplied by eighty percent (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
We issued a $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 convertible note on June 7, 2013 for past due services. The maturity date of this note is <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. The note maybe converted into shares of common stock after a six month holding period at a conversion price to equal the current market price multiplied by eighty percent (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
We entered into a new office lease for <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 square feet at our new office in North Palm Beach, Florida on January 3, 2013 with a lease term of three years with two years as renewable terms. Starting February 1, 2013, the minimum starting monthly base rent without sales tax was $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 plus monthly operating expense for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 for a monthly total of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. The lease provides for annual <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
Future minimum rental payments for the new office lease, based on the current adjusted minimum monthly amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
Rental expense, which also includes maintenance and parking fees, for the period ended March&#160;31, 2014 was $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 to recover the balance owed by us under a Sales Agent Agreement entered by the parties on November 1, 2008.&#160;&#160;This agreement requires us to pay $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 per month and a <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
% commission on all net sales. On September 3, 2009, a final judgment by default was approved by the district court in Denton County, Texas for a total sum of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. This claim has been recorded on the Company&#8217;s records.&#160;&#160;<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 to recover the balance owed by us under a Letter of Agreement to sponsor a Top Fuel Dragster for the 2008 NHRA racing season in the amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. Out of this total amount, only $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 is required to be paid in cash with the remainder to be paid in shares of common stock. This amount had already been recorded in our records.&#160; <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 to recover past due amounts owed by us under a contract to provide shipping and fulfillment services. The claim is for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 plus interest and legal costs. This amount was already recorded on our records as well as projected interest costs of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and estimated court costs of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 for a total of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. A process of garnishment by the district court in Mobile County, Alabama was approved on September 25, 2009 for the total amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. On October 26, 2009, the same court authorized a garnishment process to pay $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 which was done as part payment of the total due amount. Current outstanding balance due is $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 to recover past due amounts owed by us for rendered independent sales contracting services. The claim was for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 plus filing fee of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. The $18,300 was already recorded on our records. <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 to recover past due amounts owed by us for rendered independent sales contracting services. The claim was for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 for past due services, $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 in service charges, $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 for prejudgment interest and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 court costs for a total of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. The total $20,232 amount was already recorded on our records. On November 15, 2013, the Trial Court of Massachusetts entered a judgment for the plaintiff (&#8220;Beanpot&#8221;) for the total $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, to attend a hearing to be scheduled on December 12, 2013 about a small claims amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 from Marshfield Broadcasting Company, Inc. to recover past due amounts. A total of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 was already recorded on our records. On December 31, 2013, judgment in the total amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 to recover past due amounts owed by us for past compensation in the amount of approximately $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. We disagree with this amount as our records reflect a total amount owed of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. On May 28, 2014, we entered into a settlement agreement with Terrano to pay him a total of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, to be remitted <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of the effective date of this agreement. <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 to recover past due services owed by us in the amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 that is due with interest. We do not agree with that amount as we did make various payments in 2013 that totaled $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. We are working with that party to arrive at a mutual agreeable outstanding amount if any. We do not have any other outstanding balance that is recorded on our records. On August 6, 2014, we received a Default Final Judgment from Palm Beach County Circuit Court in Florida for a total amount of $23, 411. <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 to recover past due services owed by us in the amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 to recover past due amounts owed by us for rendered services. The claim was for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
(a) On April 14, 2008, the Company entered into a financing arrangement that provided for the issuance of a $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 face value short-term bridge loan note payable due <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 plus warrants to purchase (i) <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of our common stock and (ii) additional warrants to purchase <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of our common stock, representing an aggregate <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <table style=LINE-HEIGHT: 115%; WIDTH: 85%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: Calibri
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
June 2008<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
Extend maturity to July 19, 2008<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
Warrants indexed to 5 shares of common stock (warrants have expired)<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
September 2008<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
Extend maturity to December 15, 2008<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
12 shares of restricted stock<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
January 2009<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
Extend maturity date to April 30, 2009<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
&#160;<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
2)12 shares of restricted stock<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
The modifications resulted in a loss on extinguishment of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Codification. On December 15, 2008, we were in default on the notes for non-payment of the required principal payment.&#160;&#160;The remedy for event of default was acceleration of principal and interest so they were recorded at face value. As of March 31, 2013, this April 14, 2008 note was considered in default for non-payment. The Company is trying to find the debt holder to extend the due date of the note as the previous address is no longer valid. It was determined that the extension warrants required liability accounting and are being recorded at fair value with changes in fair value being recorded in derivative (income) expense. The exercise dates for all warrants other than 12 warrants granted on January 27, 2009 have expired. The exercise price of the 12 warrants was changed again to $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
(b) On August 5, 2008, the Company entered into a financing arrangement that provided for the issuance of a $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 face value short term bridge loan, due <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, plus warrants to purchase (i) <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of our common stock, and (ii) additional warrants to purchase <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of our common stock, representing an aggregate of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares (before any reverse stock splits) as the exercise dates for these warrants have now expired.&#160;&#160;The due date of the loan was extended to <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On January 15, 2009, <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, and we issued investor warrants to purchase <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of our common stock and <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of restricted common stock as consideration for the extension.&#160;&#160;&#160;We recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
The exercise price of the warrants was adjusted to $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 when the Company issued additional convertible instruments with a lower conversion rate on December 18, 2008.&#160;&#160;The exercise price of the warrants was adjusted again to $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
On January 26, 2011, we entered into a promissory note with our previous landlord in the principal amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. This amount was due <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 together with interest of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
% computed on the <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. The default rate shall be a per annum interest rate equal to the maximum amount permitted by applicable law as we currently use <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
%. Although we have not paid this note yet, we anticipate making a payment pending a future financing. On October 12, 2012, the previous landlord sold $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of the promissory note to another accredited investor resulting in an outstanding amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On June 14, 2012, we entered into two promissory notes for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, respectively, with two current accredited investors. These notes are subject to an interest rate of ten percent (10%) and are due the sooner of (i) October 14, 2012 or (ii) from the proceeds of the next funding. We received the $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 payment on June 27, 2012 and the $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On June 26, 2012, we entered into a promissory note of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 with a current accredited investor. We agreed to pay a finder&#8217;s fee of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 as we received the net payment of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 on June 28, 2012. The note is subject to an interest rate of ten percent (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
%) and is due <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'


On December 23, 2013, we entered into promissory notes with four current investors in the total principal amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. These amounts are due <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On March 24, 2014, we entered into promissory notes with three current investors in the total principal amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. These amounts are due <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
In connection with the reverse merger (see Note 1), we assumed $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 in advances payable to the officers of MHHI in which we paid $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 in January, 2009 and issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common at $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 per share or $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, resulting in an outstanding balance of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
During the quarter ended September 30, 2009, <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of Series A Preferred, convertible into <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock at the option of the holder, were granted to Roy Warren (see Note 11). During the quarter ended March, 31, 2013, <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of Series A-1 Preferred, convertible into <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
H. John Buckman is a board director of the company and is a debt holder of the company whereas the Company issued him a note payable at the face value of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
.&#160;&#160;&#160;He also received <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of restricted stock that related to this note payable, <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of restricted stock for being a Director and <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of restricted stock for his services related to a November, 2009 financing (total of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_attd_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedTrademarksGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=attd_January2011ConvertibleNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=attd_July2010ConvertibleNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=attd_March2011ConvertibleNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=attd_June2011ConvertibleNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=attd_June2011ConvertibleNotesOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=attd_November2011ConvertibleNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=attd_July2011ConvertibleNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=attd_November2009ConvertibleNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=attd_February2012ConvertibleNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=attd_December2009ConvertibleNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=attd_February2008ConvertibleNoteMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=attd_AthleteContractsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=attd_October2012NonconvertibleNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=attd_September2008ConvertibleNoteMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=attd_January2009ConvertibleNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=attd_September2008ConvertibleNoteOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
Inventories, which consist of finished goods and raw materials, are stated at the lower of cost on the first in, first-out method or market.&#160;&#160;Further, the Company&#8217;s inventories are perishable.&#160;&#160;The Company estimates for each fiscal quarter any unsalable inventory reserves based upon a specific identification basis.&#160;<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
(a) Net of reserve for obsolescence for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsFiniteLivedPolicy'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
Amortization expense amounted to $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 for the years ended March 31, 2014 and March 31, 2013, respectively. We recorded an additional $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
All cash and cash equivalents are considered Level 1 measurements for all periods presented. We do not have any financial instruments classified as Level 2. We have recorded a conversion feature liability in regards to a convertible note issued in the twelve months ended March 31, 2013, which are Level 3 and are further described below in note 6.<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
The Company&#8217;s revenue arrangements often provide for industry-standard slotting fees where the Company makes cash payments to the respective customer to obtain rights to place the Company&#8217;s products on their retail shelves for a stipulated period of time. We did record slotting fees for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 for the years ended March 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, which are recorded as reductions to the reported revenues. The Company also engages in other promotional discount programs in order to enhance its sales activities. The Company believes its participation in these arrangements is essential to ensuring continued volume and revenue growth in the competitive marketplace. These payments, discounts and allowances are recorded as reductions to the Company&#8217;s reported revenue and were $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_attd_ShippingAndHandlingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
Shipping and handling costs incurred to deliver products to our customers are included as a component of cost of sales.&#160;&#160;These costs amounted to $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
We utilize the liability method of accounting for income taxes.&#160;&#160;Under the liability method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of the assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect, when the differences are expected to reverse.&#160;&#160;An allowance against deferred tax assets is recognized, when it is more likely than not, that such tax benefits will not be realized.&#160;&#160;We have recorded a <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
Our basic loss per common share is computed by dividing loss applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted loss per common share is computed similar to basic loss per common share except that diluted loss per common share includes dilutive common stock equivalents, using the treasury stock method, and assumes that the convertible debt instruments were converted into common stock upon issuance, if dilutive. For the year ended March 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, potential common shares arising from the our stock warrants, stock options, convertible preferred stock and convertible debt and accrued interest payable amounted to <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares for 2014 and <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
Advertising costs are charged to operations when incurred and are included in operating expenses. Advertising costs for the years ended March 31, 2014 and 2013 were $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_attd_ConcentrationOfSalesToCertainClientsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
During fiscal 2013-2014, the Company had sales to one client that represented <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
% of total revenues in the amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShortTermDebtTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtConversionsTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=LINE-HEIGHT: 115%; WIDTH: 85%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: Calibri
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
June 2008<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
Extend maturity to July 19, 2008<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
Warrants indexed to 5 shares of common stock (warrants have expired)<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
September 2008<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
Extend maturity to December 15, 2008<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
12 shares of restricted stock<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
January 2009<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
Extend maturity date to April 30, 2009<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
&#160;<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_attd_PreferredStockSharesGranted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_attd_PreferredStockEquivalentToCommonStockProvidingVotingRight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=attd_SeriesOnePreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_attd_PreferredStockSharesGranted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_attd_PreferredStockEquivalentToCommonStockProvidingVotingRight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=attd_SeriesTwoPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_attd_PreferredSharesLiquidationRightsPricePerShareToBePaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_attd_RedemptionOfPreferredStockSharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_attd_RedemptionOfPreferredStockPremiumPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_attd_RedemptionOfPreferredStockPremiumDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockSharesConverted1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_attd_AggregateRetainerFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_attd_SurrenderOfNotesPayableAfterReverseStockSplit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=attd_MonthlyRetainerFeeConvertibleNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_attd_MonthlyRetainerFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfessionalFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=attd_June72013ConvertibleNoteMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_attd_SurrenderOfConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_attd_NewConvertibleNotesPayableToDebtHolder'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_attd_MonthlyRetainerFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentWarrantsOrOptionsIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_attd_RetainerFeeTotal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_attd_SurrenderOfConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=attd_SouthridgePartnersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=attd_BloombergLpMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_attd_AgreementAxis=attd_FirstExchangeAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_attd_AgreementAxis=attd_SecondExchangeAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_attd_ReclassForReverseStockSplit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesReverseStockSplits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_attd_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueCapitalRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsRequisiteServicePeriodRecognition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
Depreciation expense aggregated $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&#160;for the year ended March 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. During the year ended March 31, 2013, we moved our office to another location and wrote off the leasehold improvement of the old office location for gross assets of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 less accumulated depreciation of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 for a net loss of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiaryOfLimitedLiabilityCompanyOrLimitedPartnershipDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FranchiseCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_attd_TotalFranchiseCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_attd_FranchiseCostPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_attd_FranchiseCostRemainingOutstandingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_attd_FinderFeesOnSecuredNote'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_attd_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedPayrollTaxesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedProfessionalFeesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_attd_AccruedBoardOfDirectorsFeesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
On April 1, 2014, we issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On April 9, 2014, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On April 9, 2014, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On April 9, 2014, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On April 9, 2014, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of accrued interest payable for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On April 30, 2014, we issued a promissory note for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 with no interest with a maturity date of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On May 1, 2014, we issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On May 2, 2014, we entered into an allonge number 17 to a secured note issued February 21, 2013 in the amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 less a finder&#8217;s fee of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 for net proceeds received in the amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On May 5, 2014, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On May 5, 2014, we issued another <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On May 6, 2014, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On May 12, 2014, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of accrued interest payable for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On May 13, 2014, we issued to a new accredited investor a convertible note payable in the amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 with an interest rate of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
% with a maturity date of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On May 15, 2014, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On May 16, 2014, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On May 20, 2014, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On May 20, 2014, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On May 22, 2014, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of accrued interest payable for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On May 29, 2014, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On May 29, 2014, we issued another <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On May 29, 2014, we issued another <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On May 30, 2014, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On June 1, 2014, we issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On June 3, 2014, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On June 3 2014, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On June 4, 2014, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of accrued interest payable for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On June 9, 2014, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On June 11, 2014, we issued promissory notes with no interest rate with a maturity date of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 to 4 accredited investors for a total of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 ($<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On June 23, 2014, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of accrued interest payable for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On June 24, 2014, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On June 24, 2014, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 accrued interest payable at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On July 1, 2014, we issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On July 11, 2014, we entered into an allonge number 18 to a secured note issued February 21, 2013 in the amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On July 31, 2014, we issued a promissory note payable to an accredited investor in the amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 with no interest rate and with a maturity date of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On August 1, 2014, we issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On August 6, 2014, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On August 21, 2014, we issued a promissory note payable to an accredited investor in the amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 with no interest rate and with a maturity date of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On August 26, 2014, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the February, 2013 consolidated convertible notes payable for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 accrued interest payable at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

On August 29, 2014, we issued a promissory note payable to an accredited investor in the amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 with no interest rate and with a maturity date of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On September 1, 2014, we issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On September 30, 2014, we issued a promissory note payable to an accredited investor in the amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 with no interest rate with a maturity date of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On September 30, 2014 we issued a second promissory note payable to an accredited investor in the amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 with no interest rate with a maturity date of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On October 1, 2014, we issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On November 1, 2014, we issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On November 19. 2014, we issued a promissory note payable to an accredited investor in the amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On December 1, 2014, we issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On December 19, 2014, we issued a convertible note to one of our debt holders for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 with a <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
% interest rate and maturity date of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On December 19, 2014, we issued a promissory note to one of our debt holders for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 with no interest rate and a maturity date of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, we formed a new subsidiary which is called Attitude Beer Holding Co. On the same date, Attitude Drinks Incorporated and Attitude Beer Holding Co. entered into a joint venture with New England WOB, LLC to develop franchises for World of Beer Franchising in all of Connecticut and the greater Boston area. We paid $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 as part of the total $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 for a new franchise in West Hartford, Connecticut with $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 to paid each month starting in January, 2015 until the remaining $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 amount is paid., We paid the first $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On January 1, 2015, we issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On January 2, 2015, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the December 1, 2012 convertible note payable for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 at a conversion price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On January 14 2015, <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 with an interest rate of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
% and a maturity date of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On January 23, 2015, <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 for a total of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 which the received funds were used to pay the second installment payments for the investment in the World of Beer franchise in West Hartford, Connecticut. <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On February 1, 2015, we issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

