

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-15-002766
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20150331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150928
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150930
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Attitude Drinks Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001416183
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				650109088
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52904
		FILM NUMBER:		151132141
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		712 U.S. HIGHWAY 1
 SUITE #200
		CITY:			NORTH PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33408
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-227-2727
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		712 U.S. HIGHWAY 1
 SUITE #200
		CITY:			NORTH PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33408









     



UNITED
STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015
Commission
File Number 000-52904

ATTITUDE
DRINKS INCORPORATED
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



    
    

    
    

    
    




    
11231U.S.
    Highway 1
 #201
 North Palm Beach
 Florida 33408 USA
    

    
(Address of principal
    executive offices) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(Zip Code)
    

Telephone
number: (561) 227-2727



Securities registered under Section 12(b) of
    the Exchange Act:
    

    
Common Stock
 $.00001par value (Title of class)




Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

    
    




    

    
    




Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes &#9746; &nbsp;No
&#9744;

    
    




Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes &#9746; No &#9744;

    
    




Indicate by check mark if
    disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-X (&sect;229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
    herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements
    incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K&nbsp;&#9746;


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller
reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (check one)



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    





Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).

    
    



 2014
based upon the $.0003 per share close price of such stock on that date
 was $207
074 based upon 690
246
659 shares held by non-affiliates
of the issuer.&nbsp;&nbsp;The total number of issuer's shares of common stock outstanding held by affiliates and non-affiliates
as of September 25
 2015 was 2
330
565
835 shares.&nbsp;

Transitional
Small Business Disclosure Format (check one): Yes &#9744; No &#9746;

Documents
Incorporated By Reference: None



    
    


TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
PART
II
    

    
    
    




    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
    Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    

    
Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
    and Results of Operations
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
PART
III
    

    
    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
    
    

    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
PART
IV
    

    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    


FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS

Statements
that are not historical facts
 including statements about our prospects and strategies and our expectations about growth contained
in this report
 are &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
as amended
 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. These forward-looking statements represent our
present expectations or beliefs concerning future events. We caution that such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown
risks
 uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results
 performance or achievements to be materially different
from any future results
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include
among other things
 the uncertainty as to our future profitability; the accuracy of our performance projections and our ability
to obtain financing on acceptable terms to finance our operations until profitability. Unless the context requires otherwise
references to &ldquo;we&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us&rdquo;
 &ldquo;our&rdquo; and &ldquo;Attitude&rdquo; refer to the business of Attitude
Drinks Incorporated and our subsidiaries.

PART
I

ITEM
1 - DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS



We
are currently engaged in two segments of the beverage industry: (i) the functional beverage segment through our development and
sale of non-alcoholic beverages to retail establishments and (ii) the craft brewing segment through our indirect interest in a
World of Beer franchise restaurant that sells
 among other items
 beer to consumers. Our plan of operation during the next 12
months is to focus our management&rsquo;s attention on the non-alcoholic single serving beverage business
 developing and marketing
milk based products in two fast growing segments: sports recovery and functional dairy. Our indirect subsidiary
 Attitude Beer
Holding Co. (&ldquo;ABH&rdquo;)
 which is now owned by our majority owned subsidiary Harrison
 Vickers and Waterman Inc. (&ldquo;HVWC&rdquo;)
is a 51% owner of a World of Beer franchise restaurant located in Connecticut and intends to establish additional franchise restaurants
in other locations in Connecticut and the greater Boston area. 

Recent
Developments and Change in Business Model


 2015
 ABH and ABH&rsquo;s
other owners
 Alpha Capital Anstalt
 a company organized under the laws of Liechtenstein (&ldquo;Alpha&rdquo;) and Tarpon Bay Partners
LLC
 a Florida limited liability company (&ldquo;Tarpon Bay&rdquo;)
 (collectively all three companies as shareholders of ABH)
entered into a Purchase Agreement with HVWC pursuant to which the shareholders of ABH sold to HVWC all of the outstanding shares
of stock of ABH
 and ABH thereupon became a wholly owned subsidiary of HVWC. In consideration for the purchase of the shares of
common stock of ABH
&nbsp;HVWC issued: (i) to us 51 shares of a newly created HVWC Series B Preferred Stock (the &ldquo;Series
B Preferred Stock&rdquo;) and a seven year warrant (the &ldquo;B Warrant&rdquo;) to purchase 5
000
000 shares of HVWC&rsquo;s common
stock
 par value $.0001 per share (the &ldquo;HVWC&rsquo;s Common Stock&rdquo;)
 at an exercise price of $0.075 per share (subject
to customary anti-dilution adjustments); (ii) to Alpha
 a secured convertible note due April 20
 2017 (the &ldquo;Secured Convertible
Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $1
619
375
 a seven year warrant (the &ldquo;Alpha Warrant&rdquo;)
 to purchase 1
295
500
000
shares of HVWC&rsquo;s Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.0025 per share (subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments)
and an additional investment right (&ldquo;AIR&rdquo;) to purchase up to $3
750
000 in additional notes (the &ldquo;AIR Note&rdquo;)
and corresponding warrants (&ldquo;the &ldquo;AIR Warrant&rdquo;); and (iii) to Tarpon
 a Secured Convertible Note in the principal
amount of $554
791.67
 a seven year warrant (the &ldquo;Tarpon Warrant&rdquo;) to purchase 443
833
333 shares of HVWC&rsquo;s Common
Stock at an exercise price of $0.0025 per share (subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments)
 and an AIR to purchase up to
$1
250
000 in additional notes and corresponding AIR Warrants.&nbsp; In addition
 Alpha acquired 32
300 shares of the HVWC&rsquo;s
Series A Preferred Stock (convertible into 32
300
000 shares of HVWC&rsquo;s Common Stock) from HVW Holdings LLC (an entity of
which Mr. James Giordano
 HVWC&rsquo;s prior Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
 is the managing member)
 subject
to the terms of a Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Series A Purchase Agreement&rdquo;). We purchased 87
990
000 shares of HVWC&rsquo;s
Common Stock from HVW Holdings LLC at a price of $65
000
 subject to the terms of a Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Common Stock
Purchase Agreement&rdquo;) thereby making us the majority owner of HVWC. We will consolidate 100% of HVWC&rsquo;s financial results
after April 21
 with the recording of applicable minority interest eliminations.


 2014 until April 21
 2015
 we were the majority holder of the
outstanding equity of ABH (we held 87.5% of the outstanding common stock of ABH and Alpha and Tarpon Bay held 9.9% and 2.6%
 respectively

accordingly for the year ended March 31
 2015
 the financial results of ABH were consolidated into our overall financial statements
with the recording of any minority interest related activities.




    
    


The
Functional Beverage Business.
We
currently sell a milk-based protein drink
 branded as &ldquo;Phase III&reg; Recovery
&rdquo; which is available in chocolate and
vanilla flavors with expectation to produce a banana flavor in 2016. Phase III&reg; Recovery is designed for the third phase of
exercise
 the &ldquo;after phase&rdquo; of before
 during and after. This product is the first milk-based protein drink we believe
ever to be produced in the U.S. and is shelf-stable with a twelve (12) months long shelf life. We completed development of our
&ldquo;Phase III&reg; Recovery&rdquo; product
 in 2010 and began selling this product in February 2010
 which was introduced to
address the growing need for sophisticated
 exercise recovery solutions while offering a natural protein/carbohydrate ratio optimal
for fitness recovery. This product contains 35 grams of protein that are naturally inherent in ultra-filtered milk. The product
is packaged as a retort processed shelf stable dairy-based 100% milk based sports recovery drink
 in a new state of the art
 eco-friendly
convenient re-sealable 14.5 ounce aluminum bottles. We began distribution of this product in early 2010. Storage
 distribution
and sale of this product can be done at room temperature while our current retail presence is predominantly in coolers. We do


 Inc. in Batavia
 New York and has the most
advanced retort processor and know-how to produce this product with state-of-the-art milk filtration systems as well as the packaging
of this product in new Ball Container aluminum eco-friendly re-sealable bottles. The primary target for Phase III Recovery&reg;
is active sports minded males and females from ages 15 to 35
 but we will target active sports and exercise consumers at all levels.
Gyms
 sports teams
 body builders and even high-endurance athletes are all beginning to focus on sports recovery drinks which
we consider the &ldquo;next generation&rdquo; sports drink. We anticipate the development of other dairy based drink products
in 2016
 depending upon available capital As our company grows and matures
 a disruption or delay in production of any of such
products could significantly affect our revenues.

To
date we have derived $53
196 in net revenue from the sale of our &ldquo;Phase III&reg; Recovery&rdquo; product. Our ability to
estimate demand for our products is imprecise and may be less precise during periods of rapid growth
 particularly in new markets.
If we materially underestimate demand for our products or are unable to secure sufficient ingredients or raw materials
 we might
not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis.

We
developed our first product which was a &ldquo;healthful&rdquo; energy drink called VisViva&trade; in 2008. This particular
product was formulated as a juice blend with our proprietary IQZOL&trade; energy formula in 12 ounce &ldquo;slim&rdquo; cans.
This additive blend provided a unique energy boost with low calories
 carbohydrates and caffeine levels
 thereby
revolutionizing the energy experience derived from energy drinks. Production began in January 2008 with the first generated
sales in late March 2008. Our initial co-packer for the VisViva &trade; product was Carolina Beer &amp; Beverage LLC in
Mooresville
 North Carolina. We stopped the production and sale of the VisViva&trade; product during 2010 to focus on
production of our &ldquo;Phase III&reg; Recovery&rdquo; product. We do intend
 however
 to consider reintroducing this
product as a &ldquo;focus drink&rdquo; when the market is favorable and when available capital is available
 possibly in
2016.

Other
products to be considered in the future will be Blenders&trade; &rsquo;Meal on the Move&rsquo; which is expected to be a lactose
free milk based meal replacement in various flavors. This product is expected to be developed and marketed in 2016
 depending
on available capital.

We
organized a Scientific Advisory Board of three well known experts that have extensive experience in sports nutrition. This board
is helpful in communicating the scientific benefits of our sports recovery drink as well as new functional milk drinks. Their
contacts in the world of sports will be very important in our sales efforts
 especially in the early days.

Attitude
Beer Holding Co. (World of Beer)&nbsp;
On
December 24
 2014
 we entered into a joint venture agreement with New England WOB
 LLC (&ldquo;NEWOB&rdquo;)
 ABH (&ldquo;ABH&rdquo;)
Glenn E. Straub (&ldquo;Straub&rdquo;) and James D. Cecil (&ldquo;Cecil&rdquo;). NEWOB entered into an Area Development Agreement
with World of Beer Franchising
 Inc which is in the business of entering into franchise agreements with third parties to own and
operate World of Beer themed bar/restaurants. NEWOB developed a World of Beer franchise in Stamford
 Connecticut as well as West
Hartford
 Connecticut. Pursuant to the terms of the joint venture agreement
 ABH was granted the right to participate in any World
of Beer franchise that NEWOB proposes to develop. ABH has the option to become a 51% owner of any new World of Beer franchise
if it contributes 100% of the budgeted development costs of developing such new World of Beer franchise locations. NEWOB manages
the operations of each World of Beer franchise location. The financial results of each World of Beer franchise location will be
consolidated into the overall results of ABH which in turn will be consolidated into the overall results of HVWC subsequent to
its acquisition of ABH and our financial statements until such date. All applicable minority interest related items will be recorded
for proper consolidations and reported results for Attitude&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements.

Also
on December 24
 2014
 ABH acquired a 51% equity interest in the West Hartford
 Connecticut World of Beer franchise location
 which
is a 4
000 sq. foot tavern that sells a selection of over 500 craft and imported beers along with tavern food and other spirits
and cocktails. New England World of Beer holds franchise rights for the right to develop World of Beer franchise locations in
all of Connecticut and Massachusetts. ABH also obtained an option for two years to purchase 51% of the Stamford
 Connecticut World
of Beer franchise location that was opened earlier in 2014. To date
 the option has not been exercised.



    
    


ABH
expects to actively pursue the development of other World of Beer franchise locations in the state of Connecticut and the greater
Boson areas with our joint venture partner
 New England WOB LLC. Since opening its first tavern in Tampa
 Florida in 2007
 World
of Beer has grown to over 80 locations in 20 states. What began as a neighborhood tavern to sample great craft beers and swap
beer-talk for co-founders Scott Zepp and Matt LaFon is becoming a unique cultural phenomenon celebrating the world of craft beers
great food and camaraderie. Centered on a diverse selection of local and global craft beers
 delicious &ldquo;tavern fare&rdquo;
and live music
 World of Beer offers the best craft variety on the planet to the beer aficionado and casual beer fan alike. Additional
information can be found by visiting the World Beer website at 

World
of Beer restaurants feature a family friendly environment that offers over 500 imported and craft beers
 50 beers on tap plus
a wide variety of menu items. The restaurant creates a welcoming neighborhood atmosphere that includes a multi-media system
 a
full beer and spirit bar and an open layout
 which is designed to appeal to sports fans and families alike. We believe that the
World of Beer restaurant differentiates its dining experience from those at other restaurants by appealing to a wide demographic
base. First
 for any beer aficionado
 they can sample all sorts of brews not commonly found in a welcoming social environment.
Second
 for the sports fans
 they can find their favorite event on a wide variety of televisions. Third
 for any family group
that is looking for a dining experience that is different from typical restaurants
 the restaurant allows its guests to customize
their experience to meet their time demands and experience requirements. The restaurant gains acceptance through other World of
Beer locations throughout the country. The concept is further strengthened by the restaurant&rsquo;s emphasis on operational excellence
supported by operating guidelines and employee training.

The
joint venture is expected to be a growth enterprise that tailors its restaurants to meet the needs of its target demographic base.
To implement its strategy
 the joint venture intends to


Identify
                                         invest in and develop new locations;


Continuously
                                         develop and deliver unique guest experiences;


Create
                                         an inviting neighborhood atmosphere;


Focus
                                         on operational excellence;


Increase
                                         same-store sales
 average unit volumes
 and profitability.

ABH&rsquo;s
joint venture (JV) with NEWOB is expected to originally concentrate in the New England area where ABH believes its strategy is
most likely to take hold. The JV has developed procedures for identifying new opportunities
 determining its expansion strategy
in those areas and developing sites for franchised restaurants and taverns. The current growth strategy is to continue to open
franchised locations.

In
New England
 the JV plans to continue to open new restaurants and taverns until a market is penetrated to a point that enables
it to gain marketing
 operational
 cost and other efficiencies. The JV intends to have a franchise system through the development
of new locations.

Along
with planned unit growth
 the JV is focused on innovating its customer experience in order to enhance each visit to its establishment
and strengthen brand loyalty by customizing its menu for specific events that it believes will draw a particular crowd (e.g. -
Daytona 500) as well as combining foods with specific beer promotions (e.g. - Bavarian pretzels with German lager promotions).

The
World of Beer menu is standard for most items throughout all locations
 but there are typically some specialty items added for
local tastes and preferences that vary based upon specific promotions or sporting events. The typical menu includes &ldquo;Tavern
shares&rdquo; which are appetizers that include onion rings
 shrimp and potatoes. Entrees include traditional bar fare such as
hamburgers
 salads and desserts.

The
West Hartford restaurant and tavern features a full bar which offers an extensive selection of over 500 different local
 regional
and imported bottle beer selections and craft and favorite beer on 50 rotating taps as well as popular and craft wine and spirits.
NEWOB periodically introduces new menu items in order to improve the experience. The strategy is to balance the established menu
offerings that appeal to loyal guests with new menu items that increase guest frequency and attract new guests.

The
restaurants and taverns are &ldquo;open layouts&rdquo; which provide for complete visibility for patrons. The open layout
 combined
with the detailed selection of beers
 we believe makes for an excellent experience that combines a friendly atmosphere
 sporting
events and its outstanding beer selection. ABH strives to provide a high-energy atmosphere where friends can gather for camaraderie
and to celebrate competition
 as well as allow guests the flexibility to customize their dining experience. The inviting and energetic
environment of the restaurant is designed using furnishings that can be easily rearranged to accommodate parties of various sizes.
The restaurant and tavern also features distinct dining and bar areas.

The
site selection process is integral to the successful execution of ABH&rsquo;s growth strategy. Criteria examined include key demographics
population density and other measures. The JV examines site-specific details including visibility
 signage
 access to main roads
and parking. New England WOB LLC&rsquo;s managing directors have many years of commercial real estate development and broad business
experience as entrepreneurs
 operators as well as having managed numerous businesses and commercial real estate ventures.



    
    


All
franchise agreements will be subject to approval of World of Beer Franchising Inc. and will require that each franchised location
operate in accordance with their defined operating procedures
 adhere to the established menus
 meet applicable quality
 service
health and cleanliness standards and comply with all applicable laws.

The
West Hartford store utilizes a standard point-of-sale system which tabulates sales as well as items sold. The restaurant has daily
reporting of revenues and expenses plus inventory on hand.

The
restaurant industry is intensely competitive. ABH competes on the basis of the taste
 quality and price of food offered
 guest
service
 ambience
 location and overall guest experience. We believe that the restaurant&rsquo;s attractive price-value relationship
the atmosphere of the restaurant
 the sports viewing experience
 the focus on guests and the quality and distinctive flavor of
our food enable ABH to differentiate itself from its competitors. We believe ABH competes primarily with local and regional sports
bars and national casual dining and quick casual establishments and to a lesser extent with quick service restaurants. Many of
its direct and indirect competitors are well-established national
 regional or local chains
 and some have greater financial and
marketing resources than ABH&rsquo;s does.

In
House Intellectual Property
We
have a trademark for Phase III&reg; from the United States Patent and Trademark Office that was registered December 28
 2010.


delivery
 we were approached by the owners of the entire intellectual property portfolio once developed and commercialized at Bravo
Brands
 Inc.
 a public company where Roy Warren (our CEO and director)
 Tommy Kee (our CFO) and Mike Edwards (our director) were
previously employed. On August 8
 2008
 we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with RFC BB Holdings
 LLC (seller) and issued
them a $507
500 secured convertible promissory note to purchase the right
 title
 trademarks and interest to this intellectual
property portfolio
 notably &ldquo;Slammers&rdquo; and &ldquo;Blenders&rdquo;. As these particular brands have been marketed and
sold in the past
 it is anticipated that these products can be reintroduced into the market much quicker and less expensive than
developing a brand new product. The entire $507
500 note has been converted into shares of common stock.

Production
Contracts/Administration
Our
operations are only in the United States and are run directly by our subsidiary
 Attitude Drink Company
 Inc. (&ldquo;ADC&rdquo;)
which also is the operating company. On December 16
 2008
 the ADC signed a manufacturing co-packing agreement with O-AT-KA Milk
Products Cooperative
 Inc. for the production of our latest product
 Phase III&reg; Recovery and future new dairy-based products.
The manufacturer is obligated to manufacture
 package and ship such products. ADC pays for all shipping of the products F.O.B.
the facility
 as title of the products is passed to the receiver once products are delivered and received on premise.

Industry
Trends&nbsp;
The
Functional Beverage Market

Milk
while the second highest beverage consumed in America in terms of overall volume
 is still under-represented in the American single
serve ready-to-drink beverage industry. While known for generations by nutritionists and more recently identified by sports
 hydration
metabolism and protein professionals and scientists as &ldquo;mother nature&rsquo;s most perfect food&rdquo;
 milk has yet to
be successfully branded and commercialized.

We
are an innovative beverage brand-development company that was formed to exploit the accelerating shift in beverage consumption
patterns of Americans. Consumers are embracing two distinct trends which have redefined the ever-growing single serve beverage
industry. First
 consumers representing all demographics are purchasing fewer &ldquo;empty-calorie&rdquo;
 sugar sweetened
 carbonated
beverages
 a trend that has continued for the last ten years. Second
 and according to the May
 2015 edition of Beverage World
in the Back-to-basics functionality section
 &ldquo;consumers are growing wary of some functional claims
 and that is beginning
to shape the functional drink market. Consumers are increasingly looking for beverages to deliver more than just taste and refreshment;
namely some kind of functionality. Within functional drinks
 the new &ldquo;it&rdquo; ingredient is &ldquo;protein&rdquo; We believe
consumers are demanding drinks with functionality
 delivering either nutritional or experiential impact. During recent years
we have seen beverage consumers demonstrate a growing willingness to pay significant premiums for these functional beverages
while exhibiting passionate brand loyalty to the chosen brands.

Management
has extensive experience innovating functional products and helped pioneer the milk-based platform of this beverage &ldquo;revolution&rdquo;
previously at Bravo! Brands Inc. During that time
 management worked with Coca-Cola Enterprises to launch branded milk beverages
nationwide. We enjoy strategic relationships
 know-how
 creativity and perspective in this space. We believe that the two platforms
that we will address
 sports recovery and functional dairy
 represent the fastest growing
 most innovative and highest priced
drinks ever seen in the beverage industry.



    
    


Craft
Brewing Market 

Craft
brewing is indeed booming in the United States. The demand for more flavorful beers is much higher. The 2015 beer drinker is more
knowledgeable
 more adventurous and sophisticated and does not hesitate to pay premium prices for a premium product. The Brewers
Association point out that on a per capital basis
 the United States is still underserved by existing craft brewers. There are
more beer drinkers than wine drinkers. The average craft beer drinker earns about $75
000 income and when they go out for the
evening
 they are seeking a pub with 50 beers on tap
 supporting ABH&rsquo;s decision to develop and manage World of Beer franchise
taverns in the New England area which attracts millions of visitors each year who look to partake in the local flavors including
craft beers. We believe that the World of Beer locations will have what these customers want
 both major and craft brands.

Market
Analysis:

Protein
beverage

According
to &ldquo;Back-to-basics functionality&rdquo; data from the Beverage World edition for May
 2015
 &ldquo;Ready-to-drink
protein beverages are seeing strong growth and Euromonitor International puts the U.S. RTD protein beverage market at $550
million. The segment is forecast to see 50 percent growth through 2018
 Euromonitor says.&rdquo; Well-documented nutritional
benefits bode well for protein&rsquo;s continued growth. Energy shots have not fared as well and the segment seems to be
already a mature one
 with sales declines the past two years. &ldquo;Sports drinks saw a slight uptick last year&rdquo; at
..2% volume growth (per May 2015 Beverage World). We believe there will be many more variations in flavor claims
 packaging
and messaging as ways for brands in this category to grow.

Jessica
Jacobsen
 editor of Beverage Industry released a research on May 12
 2015. In the research
 she listed some interesting comments
from other key analysts in the beverage industry. &ldquo;Howard Telford
 beverage analyst for Chicago-based Euromonitor International
notes that the U.S. sports drink market began to slow in 2012 and was essentially flat in 2013.&rdquo; &ldquo;The category has
been subject to a confluence of external pressures with consumers open to exiting the category--- for other hydration-focused
packaged beverages
&rdquo; he says which we believe favor our Phase III&reg; Recovery products. &ldquo;Consumers have shied away
from high-sugar
 high-calorie packaged beverages over the past two years
&rdquo; Telford says and continued &ldquo;But despite
the pressure they are facing from these outside categories
 sports drinks still have opportunities to re-engage consumers. There
is considerable opportunity for &rsquo;natural&rsquo; alternative recovery and hydration beverages
&rdquo; Telford explains.

Jessica
Jacobsen continued to present her findings on comments from Elizabeth Sisel
 beverage analyst for Chicago-based Mintel.
&ldquo;When it comes to sports drinks
 two brands are synonymous with the category: Gatorade and Powerade. According to
Sisel
 Purchase
 N.Y.-based PepsiCo Inc&rsquo;s Gatorade brand and Atlanta-based The Coco-Cola Co.&rsquo;s Powerade brand
accounted for 96 percent of the category for the 52 weeks ending Nov. 3
 2013. For the non-aseptic sports drink segment
 the
two accounted for 99 percent in IRI-measured channels ending March 23
 2014. Gatorade makes up nearly 78 percent of that
share.&rdquo;

Further
reports from Jessica Jacobsen on &ldquo;Protein
 please&rdquo; stated that &ldquo;Sports drinks aren&rsquo;t the only
ready-to-drink (RTD) beverages that consumers are turning to in order to support their active
 healthy lifestyles. According
Perceptions and Needs&rdquo; report
 78 percent of U.S.
consumers say that protein is important for a healthy diet. However
 they are split on what the best sources of protein are
with half naming non-meat sources and the other half naming meat. Those non-meat sources included eggs
 yogurt
 nuts and
seeds
 but consumers also are finding favor in protein drinks. Smaller than the sports drinks category
 nutritional drinks
including meal replacement beverages
 accounted for less than half of the sales of sports drinks in 2013 at $3.2 billion
according to Mintel&rsquo;s January report &ldquo;Nutritional and Performance Drinks &ndash; US. Even smaller than
that was protein drinks
 with $2.1 billion in sales in 2013; however
 this is a 51.2 percent increase from 2011 when sales
were $1.4 billion the report notes. Protein RTDs within the sports nutrition category are growing strongly
 says
Euromonitor&rsquo;s Chris Schmidt
 consumer health analyst. Their push into mainstream retailers and an increasing focus on
lifestyle and functional nutrition branding &ndash; as opposed to hardcore sports recovery &ndash; along with the glowing
praise heaped on protein by the popular media
 is driving growth in both relatively mature and emerging markets. Schmidt
notes that Euromonitor defines protein drinks as beverages that contain 20 or more grams of protein and are positioned for
sports performance and recovery.&rdquo; In continuation
 &ldquo;Schmidt notes that although RTD protein drinks have gained a
bigger following n the past few years
 the segment appeals more to everyday consumers versus hard-core athletes because of
the price difference compared with protein powders.&rdquo;



    
    


Craft
Beer and World of Beer franchise restaurants and taverns

According
to the May
 2015 edition of Beverage World
 &ldquo;craft beer may only hold 11% of the U.S. market in terms of volume
 but craft
brewers dominate when you look at the number of operating breweries in the U.S. Craft by the numbers: total retail dollar value
$19.6 billion; dollar share of beer
 19.3%; total number of craft breweries
 3418; number of breweries in planning as of December
31
 2014
 2
051; number of brewery openings in 2014
 615; number of brewery closings in 2014
 46; and increase in number of breweries
2013/14
 +19%. The overall U.S. beer market posted modest growth of about 0.5% last year; now that craft commands 11% volume share
(and 19.3% dollar share) of the total category
 it&rsquo;s starting to have an impact on the industry&rsquo;s growth trajectory.
Craft is playing a much larger role in keeping total beer volume in the black.&rdquo; Additional statistics reflected in the same
Beverage World edition are as follows:




    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



We
believe that the drinking age is more willing to pay more for something new and perceived as higher quality than what their parents
drank. Brand loyalty is perceived to be replaced by style. World of Beer franchises are expected to meet that demand as well as
providing a social and active lifestyle with its consumers. Beverage World even states that &ldquo;the craft spirits segment isn&rsquo;t
slowing down; if it continues on its current trajectory expect the number of small distilleries in the U.S. to surpass 1
000 by
the end of 2017.&rdquo; We expect the improvement in economy to also improve the growth of this industry.

Market
Segment Strategy&nbsp;
Our
future strategy will be to directly develop our products in the two fast growing segments: sports recovery and functional milk.
We produced our first product
 VisViva&trade; which is an energy drink; however
 we are not currently producing that product as
we have decided to focus our attention initially on our Phase III&reg; Recovery product. Phase III&reg; Recovery is our second
product which is a protein sports recovery drink. We expect to develop two to three new products in the next two to three fiscal
years
 depending on available capital.

We
know from experience that the largest retailers of milk products are demanding new and more diverse refreshment drinks
 thus our
response to consumer interest and demand with our dairy based product
 &ldquo;Phase III&reg; Recovery&rdquo; that was introduced
in early 2010.

We
also will continue to seek other territories for the development of additional World of Beer franchises.


The
beverage industry is highly competitive. The principal areas of competition are pricing
 packaging
 development of new products
and flavors and marketing campaigns. Our products will compete with a wide range of drinks produced by a relatively large number
of manufacturers
 any of which have substantially greater financial
 marketing and distribution resources than we do.

Important
factors affecting our ability to compete successfully include taste and flavor of products
 trade and consumer promotions
 rapid
and effective development of new
 unique cutting edge products
 attractive and different packaging
 branded product advertising
and pricing. We will also compete for distributors who will concentrate on marketing our products over those of our competitors
provide stable and reliable distribution and secure adequate shelf space in retail outlets. Competitive pressures in the sports
beverage market could cause our products to be unable to gain market share
 or we could experience price erosion
 which could
have a material adverse effect on our business and results.

We
compete not only for customer acceptance but for maximum marketing efforts by multi-brand licensed bottlers
 brokers and distributors
many of which have a principal affiliation with competing companies and brands. Certain large companies such as The Coca-Cola
Company and Pepsico Inc. market and/or distribute products in that market segment such as Muscle Milk&reg; and other protein beverages.

Our
subsidiaries&rsquo; entry into development of new World of Beer franchises is new to us and is subject to the usual learning curve
that is common among new developments. There is a large competition with other restaurant and/or bar establishments in the Northeast
specifically Connecticut and Boston
 for customers and patrons. Our restaurants must outperform its competition
 provide customers
with the best value
 service and satisfaction for their dining and drinking experiences.



    
    




Management
believes that the impact of the internet and the enhanced communication systems that it has enabled have dramatically changed
the way we live our lives today. There is vastly improved access to information
 and the public is bombarded with messages that
have diminished the value and impact of traditional media advertising. There have been increases in interest in protein RTD &ldquo;ready
to drink&rdquo; beverages.

Based
on available capital
 strong emphasis will be placed on public relations initiatives in an effort to capture and maintain consumer
awareness. Validation of the advanced science behind each introduced brand will provide clear and reliable messaging behind each
functional line. Carefully developed and executed focus groups will also be conducted
 designed to raise awareness about the true
functionality and lifestyle enhancement offered with each innovative line. We plan to focus on gorilla and grass roots marketing
programs
 investing in sponsorships and spokespeople in venues of competitive sports activities. This strategy allows promoters
to develop brand essence
 communicate directly with spectators and participants and promote trial with consumers directly. This
marketing approach
 best executed by the Red Bull energy drink brand
 escapes the filters that consumers use to reduce messaging.
When executed properly
 as Red Bull has
 this technique defines the brand image while consumers embrace the branding as trend
setting entertainment. In addition
 we intend to continue participating in nationwide events and programs supporting the unique
causes.

Each
World of Beer franchise store contributes funds to the overall marketing programs and campaigns of corporate World of Beer. These
grouped marketing campaigns are expected to greatly spread the message about World of Beer stores over a much broader territory
and increase brand awareness and value of the World of Beer name. In addition
 we believe that social media will greatly aid efforts
to attract customers to the restaurants as well as the promotion of local events and activities.

Government
Regulation

The
production
 distribution and sale in the United States of many of our products are subject to the Federal Food
 Drug and Cosmetic
Act; the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994; the Occupational Safety and Health Act; various environmental statutes;
and various other federal
 state and local statutes and regulations applicable to the production
 transportation
 sale
 safety
advertising
 labeling and ingredients of such products.

Measures
have been enacted in various localities and states that require that a deposit be charged for certain non-refillable beverage
containers. The precise requirements imposed by these measures vary. Other deposit
 recycling or product stewardship proposals
have been introduced in certain states and localities and in Congress
 and we anticipate that similar legislation and regulations
may be proposed in the future at the local
 state and federal levels
 both in the United States and elsewhere.

We
do not expect that compliance with these provisions will have a material adverse effect upon our capital expenditures
 net income
or competitive position.

The
World of Beer locations are governed by state and local government regulatory agencies for the sale of alcohol.

Our
History 

We
were formed in Delaware on May 10
 1988 under the name of L.H.M. Corp which later became Mason Hill Holdings
 Inc. On September
19
 2007
 we acquired Attitude Drink Company
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (&ldquo;ADCI&rdquo;)
 under an Agreement and Plan of
Merger among Mason Hill Holdings
 Inc.
 MH 09122007
 Inc. and ADCI. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement
 each share of ADCI common
stock was converted into 40 shares of Company common stock
 resulting in the issuance of 4
000
000 shares of our common stock.
The acquisition was accounted for as a reverse merger (recapitalization) with ADCI deemed to be the accounting acquirer
 and Attitude
deemed to be the legal acquirer. On September 30
 2007
 we changed our name to Attitude Drinks Incorporated. Our wholly owned
subsidiary
 ADCI
 was incorporated in Delaware on June 18
 2007. Our principal executive offices are located at 11231 U.S. Highway
1
 #201
 North Palm Beach
 Florida 33408. The telephone number is 561-227-2727. Our company&rsquo;s common stock shares (PINX:
ATTD) began trading in June 2008. Our fiscal year ends on March 31th.




 2015
 we
currently have forty-eight full time employees as four individuals are employed at our corporate office. In addition
 44 of
the total full time employees are employed at the World of Beer franchise location in West Hartford
 Connecticut.

Research
and Development


 we spent approximately $6
600 and $5
205
 respectively
 on research and development
activities related to the Phase III&reg; Recovery products. All costs were borne by us.




    
    


ITEM
2 - DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY&nbsp;

Corporate
office

On
February 7
 2013
 we moved to our current office at 712 U.S. Highway 1
 Suite 200
 North Palm Beach
 Florida 33408 from our previous
address at 10415 Riverside Drive
 Suite 101
 Palm Beach Gardens
 Florida 33410. We entered into a three-year lease that began
on February 1
 2013 with two (2) year renewable terms with a termination date of January 31
 2016. The total minimum monthly base
rent including operating expense for March 31
 2015 is $4
370 (excluding certain variable operating expenses and taxes)
 and the
lease provides for annual 3% increases throughout its term. The lease covers 3
333 square feet and includes our right of first
refusal to contiguous space. During late 2014
 we had a disagreement with our landlord as they filed a motion in the circuit court
of Palm Beach County
 Florida to enforce a settlement for past due fees. We contest some of the amounts as we were forced to vacate
the premises in an unsatisfactory limited amount of time which we had to abandon some of our office furniture and inventory. We
now have a new mailing address of 11231 U.S. Highway
 #201
 North Palm Beach
 Florida 33408.

World
of Beer West Hartford
 Connecticut


The
West Hartford
 Connecticut World of Beer property of 4
163 square feet of space is subject to a ten year lease that commenced
May 16 2014 and provides an option to extend the lease for two (2) additional periods of five (5) years each. The minimum starting
monthly base rent was $10
754 with 3% increases annually.

ITEM
3 - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

On
May 18
 2009
 F&amp;M Merchant Group
 LLC commenced a lawsuit in the District Court of Denton County
 Texas to recover the balance
owed by us under a Sales Agent Agreement entered by the parties on November 1
 2008. This agreement requires us to pay $5
000
per month and a 5% commission on all net sales. On September 3
 2009
 a final judgment by default was approved by the district
court in Denton County
 Texas for a total sum of $22
348. This claim has been recorded on the Company&rsquo;s records. Due to
the lack of adequate capital financing
 we have not been able to make any payments. We will address this matter as soon as practical
and once we have adequate financing.


 2009
 CH Fulfillment Services
LLC commenced a lawsuit in the District Court of Mobile
 Alabama to recover past due amounts owed by us under a contract to provide
shipping and fulfillment services. The claim is for $2
106 plus interest and legal costs. This amount was already recorded on
our records as well as projected interest costs of $682 and estimated court costs of $307 for a total of $3
095. A process of
garnishment by the district court in Mobile County
 Alabama was approved on September 25
 2009 for the total amount of $3
095.
On October 26
 2009
 the same court authorized a garnishment process to pay $657 which was done as part payment of the total due
amount. Current outstanding balance due is $2



On
October 1
 2013
 Beanpot Broadcasting Corp. d/b/a WXRV-FM
 commenced a lawsuit in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts District Court
Department of the Trial Court Haverhill Division to recover past due amounts owed by us for rendered independent sales contracting
services. The claim was for $15
500 for past due services
 $4
169 in service charges
 $363 for prejudgment interest and $200 court
costs for a total of $20
232. The total $20
232 amount was already recorded on our records. On November 15
 2013
 the Trial Court
of Massachusetts entered a judgment for the plaintiff (&ldquo;Beanpot&rdquo;) for the total $20
232. Due to the lack of adequate
capital financing
 we have not been able to make any payments. We will address this matter as soon as practical and once we have
adequate financing.

On
November 27
 2013
 we received an order of the court from The Trial Court of Massachusetts District Court Department
 Small Claims
Session in Plymouth
 Massachusetts to attend a hearing on December 12 2013 about a small claims amount of $5
000 from Marshfield
Broadcasting Company
 Inc. to recover past due amounts. A total of $5
500 was already recorded our records. On December 31
 2013
a judgment in the amount of $5
238 was entered in favor of Marshfield Broadcasting Inc. No payments have been made as we expect
to resolve this matter as soon as practical and once we have adequate financing.

On
February 4
 2014
 Judicial Circuit and for Palm
Beach County
 Florida to recover past due amounts owed by us for past compensation in the amount of approximately $17
000. We
disagree with this amount as our records reflect a total amount owed of $6
974. On May 28
 2014
 we entered into a settlement
agreement with Terrano to pay him a total of $11
000
 to be remitted 60 days of the effective date of this agreement. Due to a
lack of capital financing
 we expect to address this matter as soon as we can.

On
June 9
 2014
 Judicial Circuit
in and for Palm Beach County
 Florida to recover past due services owed by us in the amount of $22
000 that is due with interest.
We do not agree with that amount as we did make various payments in 2013 that totaled $8
000. We are working with that party to
arrive at a mutual agreeable outstanding amount if any. We do not have any other outstanding balance that is recorded on our records.
On August 6
 2014
 we received a Default Final Judgment from Palm Beach County Circuit Court in Florida for a total amount of
$23
 411. We are still contesting that amount and will resolve the matter as soon as possible.

On
June 26
 2014
 Innerworkings
 Inc. filed a lawsuit in the County Court of the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit in and for Palm Beach
County
 Florida to recover past due services owed by us in the amount of $5
039 that is due with interest. This same amount has
already been recorded on our records. We expect to address this issue as soon as practical and when we have adequate capital.



    
    


On
November 11
 2014
 C.A. Courtesy Demos
 Inc. commenced a lawsuit in the County Court
 Palm Beach County
 Florida civil action
to recover past due amounts owed by us for rendered services. The claim was for $5
803. We do not agree with this amount and have
not recorded this amount on our records as services were supposed to be rendered
 but a hurricane in the northeastern section
of the United States occurred at that given time. We will address this matter as soon as practical and once we have adequate financing.

On
November 20
 2014
 Pavilion Law Center
 LLC filed a motion in the Circuit Court of the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit in and for Palm
Beach County
 Florida to enforce a settlement agreement for past due fees. We are contesting some of the amounts and will resolve
this matter as soon as practical.

On
April 22
 2015
 Edgar Agents LLC filed a lawsuit in the Circuit Court of the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit in and for Palm Beach
County
 Florida to recover past due amounts owned by us for rendered services. The claim was for $23
323.50 plus interest and
costs. We have recorded $19
069.50 in our records as we have not received the backup for the $4
254.00 difference. On August 13
2015
 the court entered into a final judgment against us for a total amount of $24
215. We expect to resolve this matter as soon
as practical and once we have adequate financing.

On
August 26
 2015
 Harrison
 Vickers and Waterman Inc. (&ldquo;HVW&rdquo;) which we own the majority of the outstanding shares received
a lawsuit from James Giordano
 previous CEO of HVW that was filed in the State of Connecticut Superior Court in Stamford
 Connecticut.
The claim is approximately $220
833 for past salaries. HVW does not agree with this complaint and will address as soon as possible.
HVW does have a recorded amount of $175
000 on its books.

TEM
4- Mine Safety Disclosures &ndash; Not Applicable &nbsp;

PART
II

ITEM
5 - MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES&nbsp;

Common
stock market price&nbsp;
The
Company&rsquo;s common stock began trading on the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board (ticker symbol PINK.OB) on June 19
 2008. The
approximate number of record holders of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at September 22
 2015 was 6
515.


The
following quarterly quotations for common stock transactions on the OTC Bulletin Board reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail
mark-up
 markdown or commissions and may not represent actual transactions. Source is NASDAQ.COM:&nbsp;


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
$0.05
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
$0.0004
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    




The
holders of common stock are entitled to receive
 pro rata
 such dividends and other distributions as and when declared by our
board of directors out of the assets and funds legally available therefore. We have not paid dividends on our common stock and
do not anticipate paying dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. Management intends to retain future
earnings
 if any
 to finance working capital and to expand our operations.


    
    



Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Plan
    Category
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    

 warrants and rights
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

2013
    Equity Incentive Plan approved by stockholders (Filed on January 28
 2013 as a Definitive 14C Information Statement
    
    
1
060
000
    
    
    
Options
    have not been granted
 thus no exercise price
    
    
1
060
000
    

Equity
    compensation plan (Filed on May 25
 2010 a Form S-8)
    
    
7
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
922
    

    
    
    
1
067
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
063
922
    


Sale
of Unregistered Securities
Quarter
Ended March 31
 2015

Attitude
Drinks Incorporated:

On
January 14
 2015
 we issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP pursuant to which we received $13
500. The note is
subject to an interest rate of ten percent (10%) and has a maturity date of January 14 2017. The note is subject conversion terms
of 75% of the average of the three lowest closing bid prices for the Common Stock for the ten trading days preceding a conversion
date but in no event greater than $.02. No conversions have been made for this note.

On
January 14
 2015
 we issued a convertible note to Alpha Capital Anstalt pursuant to which we received $13
500. The note is subject
to an interest rate of ten percent (10%) and has a maturity date of January 14 2017. The note is subject conversion terms of 75%
of the average of the three lowest closing bid prices for the Common Stock for the ten trading days preceding a conversion date
but in no event greater than $.02. No conversions have been made for this note.

On
January 14
 2015
 we issued a convertible note to Whalehaven Capital Fund Ltd. pursuant to which we received $31
500. The note
is subject to an interest rate of ten percent (10%) and has a maturity date of January 14 2017. The note is subject conversion
terms of 75% of the average of the three lowest closing bid prices for the Common Stock for the ten trading days preceding a conversion
date but in no event greater than $.02. No conversions have been made for this note.

All
of the proceeds from the above new financings were used for working capital purposes.



    
    


Attitude
Beer Holding Co.

From
December 24
 2014 through March 24
 2015
 ABH issued four installment convertible notes payable
 the proceeds of which were used
for the purchase and financing of the West Hartford World of Beer restaurant and tavern:&nbsp;&nbsp;



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    PARTNERS LLC
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    RATE

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
246
187
    
    
91
063
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
225
000
    
    
75
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
225
000
    
    
75
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
200
437
    
    
66
813
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
896
624
    
    
307
876
    
    
1
204
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


All
of the above funds were used for building and opening the West Harford World of Beer. The conversion terms shall be either (i)
if ABH&rsquo;s common stock is traded on a trading market
 the conversion price is 50% of the lowest bid price for the previous
50 days; (ii) if ABH&rsquo;s common stock is not traded on a trading market
 it is $0.40.

These
securities were issued in reliance upon an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) and/or Regulation D of the Securities
Act of 1933
 as amended. All of the investors were accredited investors and/or had preexisting relationships with the Company
there was no general solicitation or advertising in connection with the offer or sale of securities and the securities were issued
with a restrictive legend.

During
the three months ended March 31
 2015
 the Company issued a total of 470
916
133 shares of common stock for the conversions of
$94
750 of principal of convertible notes payable. No additional consideration was given for these conversions by the note holders.
The shares of common stock issued upon conversion of these notes were issued pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act provided by Section 3(a)(9) thereof as the conversions were an exchange of securities with existing holders
exclusively
 and no commission or other remuneration was paid or given in connection with the exchange.

ITEM
6 - SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

Not
applicable.

ITEM
7 - MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION

EXECUTIVE
LEVEL OVERVIEW 

Our
Business Model

Phase
III


12 months is to continue the implementation of market and sales promotion programs to gain awareness of our &ldquo;Phase III&reg;
Recovery drink in new markets as well as to build a national sales campaign throughout key markets in the west coast
 southwest
Midwest
 southeast and northeast parts of the United States. We plan to build an aggressive and experienced sales team to bring
the brand to discerning consumers. In addition
 we intend to increase our efforts to sell our products online and through increased
social media marketing. Our management will continue to focus on the non-alcoholic single serving beverage business
 developing
and marketing milk based products in two fast growing segments: sports recovery and functional dairy. We do not directly manufacture
our products but instead outsource the manufacturing process to a third party contract packer.

The
pricing and gross profit margin for the products will vary. Each product delivers different functionality and utilizes different
types of packaging and package sizes. Without exception
 these products are expected to command premium pricing due to the functionality
and value-added formulation and will therefore be priced according to the nearest competitive brands in their respective spaces.
The functional milk drinks are also expected to command approximately the same percentage margin due to the premium pricing commanded
by the experiential functionality. Singles should obtain higher margin than multi-packs.



    
    


World
of&nbsp;Beer


 ABH and its joint venture
partners of New England WOB
 LLC
 anticipate developing new World of Beer franchise locations throughout its protected territories
in Connecticut and greater Boston
 Massachusetts. It is anticipated that ABH will provide the financing for construction of these
stores
 and New England WOB
 LLC will provide the real estate location search and development as well as manage the operations
of each store.&nbsp;

World
of Beer is an organization of over 80 company owned and franchised craft taverns and growing in 20 states. Most World of Beer
locations provide a selection of over 500 unique craft and imported beers
 modern tavern fare spirits and craft cocktails and
a complete entertainment experience including live music
 sports viewing
 seasonal and local celebrations and highly trained servers
with in-depth beer knowledge. ABH&rsquo;s first World of Beer location is located in West Hartford
 Connecticut which opened in
late January
 2015. The West Hartford location is a 4
000 square foot tavern and serves lunch and dinner daily and hosts live
music performances on Friday and Saturday nights. New England World of Beer
 LLC opened its first store in Stamford
 Connecticut
in 2014 as ABH has an option with a 2 years life to purchase 51% of this store as that option has not been exercised.

Celebrating
the popularity of craft beer and its culture
 ABH and New England WOB
 LLC plan to develop and build other World of Beer franchises
in key market areas in the state of Connecticut and in certain areas in Massachusetts with primary emphasis in the greater Boston
areas. Depending on available financing and market conditions
 we will seek other territories to expand in the future as well.
New England World of Beer
 LLC is an expert in commercial real estate development and restaurant/bar operations and management
and has broad business experience as entrepreneurs
 operators and developers
 having managed numerous businesses and commercial
real estate ventures. The planned stores will be built in areas where we believe these operations will command premium pricing
and respectable profit margins.


for the World of Beer franchises is to continue the search
 development and operations of World of Beer franchises throughout
the state of Connecticut and the greater Boston areas over the next few years
 especially in that we have these protected territories.
Its joint venture partners are commercial real estate developer specialists and based on the availability of financing
 plan to
aggressively to build and open as many World of Beer locations as financing will allow. The West Hartford
 Connecticut store which
opened in late January
 2015 has exceeded expectations and budgets and is profitable since the opening date. Future new taverns
are projected to be at least 4
000 square feet and have one of the world&rsquo;s widest selections of craft beers
 bottled and
on tap with more than 500 bottles and 50 rotating taps. The stores will serve lunch and dinner daily with dishes inspired by international
flavors such as Giant Bavarian Pretzels
 Guinness Brat Sliders and the Chimay Burger. The taverns will host live music performances
on Friday and Saturday nights each weekend. The taverns will also provide signature craft spirit cocktails
 ciders
 wine along
with nonalcoholic beverages. ABH is expected to continue the World of Beer theme as being uncommon establishments where the experience
is as essential as the products.&nbsp;

Plan
of Operations



of financing to develop our business plan
 implement our sales and marketing plan and to meet other operational expense requirements
and to find and develop new World of Beer locations. Historically
 we have had to rely on convertible debt financings to cover
operating costs. Based on the available cash
 we have no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional funding to sustain
our limited operations. If we do not obtain additional funding
 we may need to cease operations until we do so and
 in that event
may consider a sale of the rights to our product line(s) and intangible assets such as our trademarks or a joint venture partner
that will provide funding to the enterprise. We may also need to sell our interest in the World of Beer locations if we do not
continue to obtain the proper financing for our needs. However
 certain of our Attitude Drinks Incorporated convertible debt obligations
totaling $6
208
842 and ABH convertible debt obligations for $1
204
500 are secured by Attitude&rsquo;s assets. Failure to fulfill
our obligations under these notes and related agreements could lead to the loss of these assets
 which would be detrimental to
our operations.&nbsp;

Our
future operations are totally dependent upon obtaining additional funding. Past fundings have been subject to defaults by the
company&rsquo;s inability to meet due dates for certain notes payable
 thereby triggering anti-dilution rights which created the
need to issue additional shares of common stock and/or additional warrants to purchase additional shares of common stock in order
to extend the applicable due dates for certain notes payable. There can be no assurance that these defaults will not happen again
in the future
 thereby creating the potential need for additional issuances of shares of common stock and/or warrants
 assuming
the holders agree to further extensions.

We
will consider equity and/or convertible debt financings
 either or both of a private sale or a registered public offering of our
common stock; however
 at this time and with the current economy
 it seems unlikely that we can obtain an underwriter.

We
anticipate that
 depending on market conditions and our plan of operations
 we may incur operating losses in the future based
mainly on the fact that we may not be able to generate enough gross profits from our sales to cover our operating expenses and
to increase our sales and marketing efforts. Our &ldquo;Phase III&reg; Recovery&rdquo; drink product was introduced in early 2010
and based on historical spending
 we anticipate a need of funding in the range of $1
500
000 to $1
700
000 for the next twelve
months to meet our business plan and operating needs only. This figure does not include any new product research and development
activities.



    
    


This
discussion and analysis of our consolidated financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial
statements
 which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles that are generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Critical
Accounting Policies

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The most critical estimates included
in our financial statements are the following:

Financial
Instrument Valuation&nbsp;

In
estimating the fair value of our derivative financial instruments that are required to be carried as liabilities at fair value
pursuant to the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the period ended March 31
 2015
 we use all available information and
appropriate techniques including outside consultants to develop our estimates. However
 actual results could differ from our estimates.

Derivative
Financial Instruments&nbsp;

We
generally do not use derivative financial instruments to hedge exposures to cash-flow
 market or foreign-currency risks. However
we have and will frequently enter into certain other financial instruments and contracts
 such as debt financing arrangements
and freestanding warrants with features that are either (i) not afforded equity classification
 (ii) embody risks not clearly
and closely related to host contracts or (iii) may be net-cash settled by the counterparty to a financing transaction. As required
by the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 these instruments are required to be carried as derivative liabilities
 at fair
value
 in our financial statements. However
 in the past
 we were allowed to elect fair value measurement of the hybrid financial
instruments
 on a case-by-case basis
 rather than bifurcate the derivative for all of our previous convertible notes up to February
21
 2013 when we issued new consolidated exchange convertible notes under different terms and language. We believed that fair
value measurement of the hybrid convertible promissory notes arising from our various financing arrangements provided a more meaningful
presentation of that financial instrument; however
 as just previously mentioned on February 21 2013
 we consolidated all the
past outstanding convertible notes into new consolidated exchange notes that contained different language and eliminated many
of the toxic elements listed in the old convertible notes.&nbsp;

We
estimate fair values of derivative financial instruments using various techniques (and combinations thereof) that are considered
to be consistent with the objective measuring of fair values. In selecting the appropriate technique(s)
 we consider
 among other
factors
 the nature of the instrument
 the market risks that such instruments embody and the expected means of settlement. For
less complex derivative instruments
 such as free-standing warrants
 we generally use the Black-Scholes-Merton option valuation
technique
 since it embodies all of the requisite assumptions (including trading volatility
 estimated terms and risk free rates)
necessary to fair value these instruments. For complex hybrid instruments
 such as convertible promissory notes that include embedded
conversion options
 puts and redemption features embedded in them
 we generally use techniques that embody all of the requisite
assumptions (including credit risk
 interest-rate risk
 dilution and exercise/conversion behaviors) that are necessary to fair
value these more complex instruments. For forward contracts that contingently require net-cash settlement as the principal means
of settlement
 we project and discount future cash flows applying probability-weightage to multiple possible outcomes. After consulting
with a new outside valuation firm
 we found that many companies are using other valuation models
 primarily the lattice model
to bifurcate the derivative and record the derivatives at fair value. We elected to use this new valuation model for the new consolidated
notes because that model would value all convertible notes based on a probability weighted scenario model and future projections
of the various potential outcomes on all assumptions
 observable inputs and inherent valuation of risk
 The embedded derivatives
that were analyzed and incorporated into our model included the conversion feature with the variable market based conversion and
the default provisions. This lattice model analyzed the underlying economic factors that influenced which of these events would
occur
 when they were likely to occur and the specific terms that would be in effect at the time (i.e. interest rates
 stock price
conversion price
 etc.). Projections were then made on these underlying factors which led to a set of potential scenarios. Probabilities
were assigned to each of these scenarios based on management projections. This led to a cash flow projection and a probability
associated with that cash flow. A discounted weighted average cash flow over the various scenarios was completed
 and it was compared
to the discounted cash flow of the 2 year 4% instrument without the embedded derivatives
 thus determining a value for the compound
embedded derivatives at the point of issue. These derivative liabilities need to be marked-to-market each reporting period with
the change in fair value to be recorded in the profit/loss statement. Fair value is defined as the amount for which an asset (or
liability) could be exchanged in a current transaction between knowledgeable
 unrelated willing parties when neither party is
acting under compulsion.




    
    


Estimating
fair values of derivative financial instruments requires the development of significant and subjective estimates that may
 and
are likely to
 change over the duration of the instrument with related changes in internal and external market factors. In addition
option-based techniques are highly volatile and sensitive to changes in the trading market price of our common stock
 which has
a high-historical volatility.

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets

Our
long-lived assets consist principally of intangible assets
 and to a much lesser extent
 furniture and equipment. We evaluate
the carrying value and recoverability of our long-lived assets when circumstances warrant such evaluation by applying the provisions
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification which requires that long-lived assets be reviewed for impairment whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable through the estimated undiscounted
cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets. Whenever any such impairment exists
 an impairment
loss will be recognized for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value. We did note record any impairment expense
for the years ended March 31
 2015 and March 31
 2014


Recent
accounting pronouncements 

In
August
 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an ASU that contained guidance for the disclosure of uncertainties
about an entity&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. There is no impact on the Company through the adoption of this
update as the Company has always provided such required disclosures on doubt about the entity&rsquo;s ability to continue as a
going concern for one year.

In
November
 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an ASU that contained guidance about derivatives and hedging and
determining whether the host contract in a hybrid financial instrument issued in the form of a share is more akin to debt or to
equity. There are predominantly two methods used in current practice by issuers and investors in evaluating whether the nature
of the host contract within a hybrid instrument issued in the form of a share is more akin to debt or to equity. This ASU is to
eliminate the use of different methods in practice. As the Company utilizes the services of an outside professional specialty
firm for such valuations
 the Company believes there is no change needed for this update.

In
February
 2015
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an ASU that contained guidance about Consolidation (Topic 810)
and amendments to the consolidation analysis. These provisions provide amendments to limited partnerships and similar legal entities.
As the Company owns the 51% majority of the World of Beer location in West Hartford which is an LLC corporation
 the Company believes
there is no change needed for this update.



    
    


RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
$
                                         Change
%
                                         Change

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
70
905
202
994
(132
089
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(15
826
(11
535
(4
291
    

&nbsp;&nbsp;Less
    Sales Discounts
(1
201
(8
002
6
801
    

    
53
878
182
582
(128
704
    

&nbsp;&nbsp;Less
    cost of sales
154
999
164
639
(9
640
    

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Gross
    profit/(loss)
(101
121
17
943
(119
064
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
754
895
    
754
895
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(11
372
    
(11
372
    

&nbsp;&nbsp;Less
    promotions
(4
377
    
(4
377
    

    
738
465
    
738
465
    

&nbsp;&nbsp;Less
    costs of sales
209
908
    
209
908
    

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Gross
    profit/(loss)
528
557
    
528
557
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
792
343
182
582
609
761
    

    
364
907
164
639
200
268
    

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Total
    gross profit/(loss)
427
436
17
943
409
493
    


All
revenues were generated in the United States. The increase in our revenues for the year ended March 31
 2015 as compared to the
prior year ended March 31
 2014 is the result of opening the first World of Beer tavern in late January
 2015. Phase III revenues
were lower for the year ended March 31
 2015 by 65.1% mainly due to the fact that we no longer sell our products in the Florida
Walgreens&rsquo; stores.

Slotting
fees are common in the large store channels and represent cash payments made for rights to place our products on customer retail
shelves for a stipulated period of time. A component of our growth plan includes increasing penetration in the large store channel
which may be subject to future slotting fees. We recorded a total of $875 for slotting fees for the year ended March 31
 2014
only. As part of opening and operating a new World of Beer location
 we provided certain free complimentary drinks and services
to customers in the amount of $15
749 for the reporting period from late January
 2015 through March 31
 2015.

Based
on available capital
 we
 on our own or through our subsidiaries
 plan to increase our revenues during the next twelve months
by implementing marketing and sales promotion programs to introduce our &ldquo;Phase III&reg; Recovery&rdquo; drink to new markets
in the 2015 calendar year
 developing a sales force
 securing additional national distributors
 expanding our products offering
developing and opening new World of Beer taverns
 increasing our volume per outlet and implementing new grass roots marketing
and sample programs.

The
computation of the percentage of expenses to revenues is not meaningful at this time and is not representative of expected future
operations.

Product
and shipping costs for the Phase III products for the year ended March 31
 2015 were less than the year ended March 31
 2014 mainly
due to the lower sales of the Phase III&reg; Recovery products.



    
    






    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
$
                                         Change
%
                                         Change

    
    
    
    
    

Attitude Drink Company Inc. and Attitude
    Drinks Incorporated
    
    
    
    

&nbsp;&nbsp;Salaries
 taxes and employee
    benefit costs
695
336
883
306
(187
970
    

    
322
462
312
500
9
962
    

&nbsp;&nbsp;Other administrative and general
    expenses
129
634
280
935
(151
301
    

    
25
555
52
659
(27
104
    

    
17
251
196
071
(178
820
    

    
6
600
5
205
1
395
    

    
    
26
997
(26
913
    

    
7
401
7
687
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Total
    operating expenses
1
204
323
1
765
360
(561
037
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

&nbsp;&nbsp;Restaurant/tavern&nbsp;&nbsp;salaries
    taxes and employee benefit costs
215
676
    
215
676
    

&nbsp;&nbsp;Restaurant/tavern other administrative
    and general expenses
221
949
    
221
949
    

    
29
753
    
29
753
    

    
    
    
    
    

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Total
    operating expenses
467
378
    
467
378
    

    
    
    
    
    

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Consolidated
    operating expenses
1
671
701
1
765
360
(93
659
    


Attitude
Drink Company Inc. and Attitude Drinks Incorporated:

Administrative
salaries
 taxes and employee benefit costs
For
the year ended March 31
 2015
 total expenses of $695
336 were lower by $187
970 (21.3%) over last year&rsquo;s comparable figures
of $883
306 mainly due to fewer employees caused by a lack of financing

Administrative
consulting fees
Consulting
fees of $322
462 for the year ended March 31
 2015 were $9
962 or 3.2% higher than last year&rsquo;s figures. These fees relate
to the use of an outside financial services consulting firm.

Other
administrative and general expense
For
the year ended March 31
 2015
 total expenses of $129
634 were $151
301 (53.9%) less than last year&rsquo;s comparable figures
of $280
935 mainly due to decreased activities from a lack of financing. These expenses mainly relate to rent expense for $54
951
board of directors accrued fees of $36
000
 filing fees for $16
022 and telephone costs for $13
583.

Administrative
marketing and promotion expenses
For
the year ended March 31
 2015
 we incurred total administrative marketing and promotion expenses of $25
555 as compared to $52
659
for the year ended March 31
 2014 for a decrease of $27
104 or (51.5%). This decrease was due primarily to the decision to spend
fewer marketing dollars for the year ended March 31
 2015 due to limited resources and capital.

Administrative
professional and legal fees
These
costs related to the use of outside legal
 accounting and auditing firms. Total costs for the year ended March 31
 2015 of $17
251
were $178
820 (91.2%) lower than the previous year&rsquo;s comparable costs of $196
071 mainly due to lower legal requirement
costs and lower audit fees accruals due to reduced financial activities.

Stock
compensation expense
For
the year ended March 31
 2015
 we recorded stock compensation expense of $84 due to the issuance of warrants for Attitude Beer
Holding Co. as compared to $26
997 for the issuance of 10
000
000 fully vested non-qualified common stock options for the year
ended March 31
 2014.




    
    


ABH
(World of Beer):


Restaurant/tavern
salaries
 taxes and employee benefit costs
As
this location was opened in late January
 2015
 there are no comparable costs for 2014. These costs relate to all of the payroll
and tax expenses for operating the West Hartford World of Beer location.

Restaurant/tavern
other administrative and general expenses
These
costs relate to the new World of Beer franchise location in West Hartford
 Connecticut that opened in late January
 2015. The
key expenses relate to: rent expense for $31
850
 royalties to corporate World of Beer for $36
540
 management fees for $29
232
utility costs for $13
414
 credit card processing fees for $14
949
 disposal fees for $10
083
 marketing fees for $10
962
 music
and entertainment costs for $9
865
 personal property taxes for $9
000 and the rest for restaurant cleaning costs plus
 travel
expense from our joint venture partners for $8
671 for the initial setup of the location. There are no comparable costs for 2014.

Depreciation
and amortization
For
the year ended March 31
 2015
 we recorded depreciation and amortization expense for $37
154 as compared to $7
687 for the year
ended March 31
 2014 for a difference of $29
467. The increase is due to the new World of Beer location that opened in late January
2015 in West Hartford
 Connecticut for the depreciable fixed assets and amortized deferred pre-opening expenses.

Other
Income (Expense)

Interest
income/(expense)

The
following table summarizes the effects on our income (expense) associated with changes in the fair values of our financial instruments
that are carried at fair value from the twelve months ended March 31
 2015 and the twelve months ended March 31
 2014:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

 2015

 2015

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
185
817
3
426
344

    
(3
512
756
(1
492
964

    
(432
444
(397
978

    
(3
759
383
1
535
402


Our
financial instruments that are recorded at fair value will change in future periods based upon changes in our trading market price
and changes in other assumptions and market indicators used in the valuation techniques.

Interest
and Other Financing Costs:
We
recorded interest expense for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015 for $3
759
383 and interest income for $1
535
402 for the year
ended March 31
 2014 in connection with our debt obligations at interest rates from 10% to 15%. The change of ($5
294
785) over
the prior fiscal year was attributed to the recording of debt instruments at fair value (debt discount expense) due to the changes
in the stock price. We recorded the amortization of debt discounts for $3
512
756 and $1
492
964 for the years ended March 31
2015 and March 31
 2014
 respectively.

Minority
Interest
For
the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015
 we recorded minority interest in the amount of $21
596 which represents the elimination
of 49% profit of the West Hartford World of Beer location as well as 12.5% for the expense of Attitude Beer Holding Co. as these
percentages represent minority ownership interests in both companies.

Net
Loss
We
reported a net loss for the year ended March 31
 2015 of ($5
030
873) and a net loss of $212
015 for the year ended March 31
2014. The majority of the expenses for the year ended March 31
 2015 related to salary related costs
 consulting fees
 general
and administrative fees and recognition of interest income reflecting the changes in the fair value of the convertible debts.
Most of the costs incurred in the prior year ended March 31
 2014 related to salary related costs
 consulting fees
 professional
and legal fee and recognition of interest income reflecting changes in the fair value of the convertible debts.



    
    


Loss
per Common Share Applicable to Common Stockholders&nbsp;&nbsp;
The
Company&rsquo;s basic and diluted loss per common share applicable to common stockholders for the period ended March 31
 2015
was $(0.01)
 and the basic and diluted loss per common share for the period ended March 31
 2014 was $(0.00). Because the Company
experienced a net loss for the period ended March 31
 2015
 all potential common share conversions existing in our financial instruments
would have an anti-dilutive impact on earnings per share; therefore
 diluted loss per common share equals basic loss per common
share for this period. The weighted average common shares outstanding for the period ended March 31
 2015 and 2014 were 625
605
503
and 102
827
957
 respectively for the basic and diluted loss calculation.

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

We
have yet to achieve any substantial revenues or profitability
 and our ability to continue as a going concern will be dependent
upon us receiving additional third party financings to fund our business at least throughout the next twelve months in our new
fiscal year. Ultimately
 our ability to continue is dependent upon the achievement of profitable operations. We anticipate that
depending on market conditions and our plan of operations
 we may incur operating losses in the future based mainly based on the
fact that we may not be able to generate enough gross profits from our sales to cover our operating expenses and to increase our
sales and marketing efforts. There is no assurance that further funding will be available at acceptable terms
 if at all
 or that
we will be able to achieve profitability or receive adequate funding for new product research and development activities. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do
not reflect any adjustments that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Working
Capital Needs and Major Cash Expenditures

We
currently have monthly working capital needs of approximately $125
000 to $150
000. This amount is
 however
 expected to increase
in the next fiscal year
 primarily due to the following factors:




Increased
employees
 sales consultant and related travel costs


Required
interest payments on our convertible promissory notes payable


Increased
product development costs for new products
 packaging and marketing materials


External
Sources of Liquidity-External Debt Financing and Use of Common Stock for the last two years: 

External
Debt Financing:

On
April 11
 2013
 we executed a $71
500 allonge #8 with Alpha Capital Anstalt to a secured convertible note for $175
000 dated February
22
 2012 in which we received $65
000 as $6
500 was paid as a finder&rsquo;s fee.

June
5
 2013
 we executed an $88
000 allonge #9 with Alpha Capital Anstalt to a secured convertible note for $175
000 dated February
22
 2012 in which we received $80
000 as $8
000 was paid as a finder&rsquo;s fee.

On
June 7
 2013
 we entered into a promissory note with conversion rights with outside legal counsel (Jeffrey Stein) for past due
services in the amount of $37
000. This note is not subject to any interest rate and is payable on June 7
 2014. The note maybe
converted into shares of common stock after a six month holding period at a conversion price to equal the current market price
multiplied by eighty percent (80%). Current market price means the average of the closing bid prices for the common stock for
the five (5) trading days ending on the trading day immediately before the relevant conversion date. No conversions have been
made on this convertible note payable.

On
June 21
 2013
 we executed an $88
000 allonge #10 with Alpha Capital Anstalt to a secured convertible note for $175
000 dated
February 22
 2012 in which we received $80
000 as $8
000 was paid as a finder&rsquo;s fee.

On
July 23
 2013
 we executed an $82
500 allonge #11 with Alpha Capital Anstalt to a secured convertible note for $175
000 dated
February 22
 2012 in which we received $75
000 as $7
500 was paid as a finder&rsquo;s fee.

On
August 8
 2013
 we executed an $110
000 allonge #12 with Alpha Capital Anstalt to a secured convertible note for $175
000 dated
February 22
 2012 in which we received $100
000 as $10
000 was paid as a finder&rsquo;s fee.

On
September 18
 2013
 we executed an $110
000 allonge #13 with Alpha Capital Anstalt to a secured convertible note for $175
000
dated February 22
 2012 in which we received $100
000 as $10
000 was paid as a finder&rsquo;s fee.

On
October 28
 2013
 we executed a $55
000 allonge #14 with Alpha Capital Anstalt to a secured convertible note for $175
000 dated
February 22
 2012 in which we received $50
000 as $5
000 was paid as a finder&rsquo;s fee.

On
November 15
 2013
 we executed a $55
000 allonge #15 with Alpha Capital Anstalt to a secured convertible note for $175
000 dated
February 22
 2012 in which we received $50
000 as $5
000 was paid as a finder&rsquo;s fee.



    
    



 2013 through December
24
 2013
 we entered into four non-convertible promissory notes with the following accredited investors: Centaurian Fund - $12
500;
Alpha Capital - $15
005; Tarpon Bay Partners - $5
000; and Whalehaven Capital - $13
000. These amounts were due December 31
 2014
and are not subject to any interest rates. These notes are exchangeable for equal aggregate amounts of notes of different authorized
denominations
 as requested by the holders surrendering the same. No service charge will be made for such registration or transfer
or exchange. The notes are in default.


 2014
 we executed a $55
000
allonge #16 with Alpha Capital Anstalt to a secured convertible note for $175
000 dated February 22
 2012 in which we received
$50
000 as $5
000 was paid as a finder&rsquo;s fee.


 2014
 we entered into three
non-convertible promissory notes with the following accredited investors: Centaurian Fund - $15
000; Southridge Partners II LP
$20
000; and Whalehaven Capital - $15
000. These amounts were due February 28
 2015 and are not subject to any interest rates.
These notes are exchangeable for equal aggregate amounts of notes of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the holders
surrendering the same. No service charge will be made for such registration or transfer or exchange. The notes are in default.


 2014
 we issued a promissory
note to Southridge Partners II LP pursuant to which we received $12
000.


 2014
 we executed a $27
600 allonge
#17 with Alpha Capital Anstalt to an original secured convertible note for $175
000 dated February 22
 2012 in which we received
$25
000 as $2
500 was paid as a finder&rsquo;s fee.


 2014
 we issued a convertible
promissory note to LG Capital Funding
 LLC in we received $35
200.


 2014
 we issued four promissory
notes ($10
000 for each note) for a total receipt of $40
000 to Southridge Partners II LP
 Alpha Capital Anstalt
 Centaurian Fund
LP and Whalehaven Capital Fund Ltd.


 2014
 we executed a $25
000
allonge #18 with Alpha Capital Anstalt to an original secured convertible note for $175
000 dated February 22
 2012 in which we
received $25
000.


 2014
 we issued a promissory
note with no interest to Southridge Partners II LP in which we received $15
000.


 2014
 we issued a promissory
note with no interest to Alpha Capital Anstalt in which we received $10
000.


 2014
 we issued a promissory
note with no interest to Tarpon Bay Partners LLC in which we received $10
000.


 2014
 we issued a promissory
note with no interest to Alpha Capital Anstalt in which we received $10
000.


 2014
 we issued a promissory
note with no interest to Southridge Partners II LP in which we received $15
000.


 2014
 we issued a promissory
note with no interest to Alpha Capital Anstalt in which we received $15
000.


 2014
 we issued a promissory
note with no interest to Alpha Capital Anstalt in which we received $10
000.


 2014
 we issued a promissory
note with no interest to Centaurian Fund in which we received $31
500.


 2014
 ABH issued two promissory
notes
 one for $246
188 to Alpha Capital Anstalt and the other for $91
063 to Tarpon Bay Partners LLC
 for a total of $337
250.
Both notes have an interest rate of 10% and a maturity date of December 24
 2015.


 2015
 we issued a convertible
note to Southridge Partners II LP pursuant to which we received $13
500. The note is subject to an interest rate of ten percent
(10%) and has a maturity date of January 14 2017. The note is subject conversion terms of 75% of the average of the three lowest
closing bid prices for the Common Stock for the ten trading days preceding a conversion date but in no event greater than $.02.


 2015
 we issued a convertible
note to Alpha Capital Anstalt pursuant to which we received $13
500. The note is subject to an interest rate of ten percent (10%)
and has a maturity date of January 14 2017. The note is subject conversion terms of 75% of the average of the three lowest closing
bid prices for the Common Stock for the ten trading days preceding a conversion date but in no event greater than $.02. .


 2015
 wee issued a convertible
note to Whalehaven Capital Fund Ltd. pursuant to which we received $31
500. The note is subject to an interest rate of ten percent
(10%) and has a maturity date of January 14 2017. The note is subject conversion terms of 75% of the average of the three lowest
closing bid prices for the Common Stock for the ten trading days preceding a conversion date but in no event greater than $.02.



    
    



financings were used for working capital purposes.




 2014 through March 24
2015
 Attitude Beer Holding Co. issued four installment convertible notes payable each to Alpha Capital Anstalt and Tarpon Bay
Partners LLC that were used for the purchase and financing of the West Hartford World of Beer tavern:




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
246
187
    
    
91
063
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
225
000
    
    
75
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
225
000
    
    
75
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
200
437
    
    
66
813
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
896
624
    
    
307
876
    
    
1
204
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






and opening the West Hartford World of Beer. The conversion terms are either (i) if ABH&rsquo;s common stock is traded on a trading
market
 the conversion price is 50% of the lowest bid price for the previous 50 days; (ii) if ABH&rsquo;s common stock is not traded
on a trading market
 the conversion price is $0.40.






    
    

    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
076
364
(732
940

    
    
    

    
(1
256
355
(4
365

    
    
    

    
392
967
750
505



 2015
 we
reported a net loss of $5
030
873 which was affected by recording the fair value adjustment of the convertible notes for
$185
817
 offset by the amortization of debt discount for $3
512
756 as well as changes in accounts payable and accrued
expenses for $2
489
463. Cash flows generated from our operating activities were inadequate to cover our cash disbursement
needs as we had to rely on new convertible debt financings and bridge loans to cover operating costs. Cash used by investing
activities were attributed mainly to the purchase of equipment and operating expenses related to the opening of the World of
Beer restaurant and tavern. Cash provided by financing activities increased due to the proceeds from the issuance of
additional convertible debt financings and short-term bridge loans payable for  net proceeds of $392
967.


 2014
 we reported
a net loss of $212
015 which was affected by recording the fair value adjustment of the convertible notes for $3
359
968
 offset
by the amortization of debt discount for $990
842 as well as changes in accounts payable and accrued expenses for $1
426
981. Cash
flows generated from our operating activities were inadequate to cover our cash disbursement needs as we had to rely on new convertible
debt financings and bridge loans to cover operating costs. Cash used by investing activities were attributed mainly to the purchase
of a company vehicle. Cash provided by financing activities increased due to the proceeds from the issuance of additional convertible
debt financings and short-term bridge loans payable for  net proceeds of $750
505.



    
    



Loans for the Year Ended March 31
 2015:


 2015
 two short-term
bridge notes for a total of $115
000 were past due. One of these notes is held by one of our Board of Directors and will extend
the due date once we locate the other debt holder.

Debt
restructuring program after 3/31/15 reporting date


of $10
052.591. The restructuring relates to a reduction of overall notes and loans payables of $5
079
480
 total salaries
payable of $3
546
669
 accrued interest payable for $1
288
483 and accounts payable of $137
959. Total gains to our statement
of operations from this restructuring program will be $5
834
709. These results will be reflected in the Form 10-Q for June
30
 2015 and September 30
 2015.





    
    





    

    


 2015




details of all convertible notes and short-term bridge loans including applicable interest and default rates for the period ended
March 31
 2015:






    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
5
452
892
    
    
February
 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
452
892
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
5
250
    
    
March
 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
250
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
    
    
April
 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
    
    
May
 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
    
    
June
 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
37
000
    
    
June
 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    
37
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
    
    
July
 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
    
    
August
 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
    
    
September
 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
    
    
October
 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
    
    
November
 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
    
    
December
 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
    
    
January
 2014
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
    
    
February
 2014
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
    
    
March
 2014
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
    
    
April
 2014
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
    
    
May
 2014
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
35
200
    
    
May
 2014
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
    
    
June
 2014
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
    
    
July
 2014
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
    
    
August
 2014
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
    
    
September
 2014
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
    
    
October
 2014
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
    
    
November
 2014
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
    
    
December
 2014
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
20
000
    
    
December
 2014
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
246
187
    
    
December
 2014
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
91
063
    
    
December
 2014
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
    
    
January
 2015
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
13
500
    
    
January
 2015
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
13
500
    
    
January
 2015
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
31
500
    
    
January
 2015
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
225
000
    
    
January
 2015
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
75
000
    
    
January
 2015
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
    
    
February
 2015
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
225
000
    
    
February
 2015
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
75
000
    
    
February
 2015
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
    
    
March
 2015
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
200
437
    
    
March
 2015
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
66
813
    
    
March
 2015
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
7
413
342
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
695
142
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
 No presentation of defaults to the Company from the debt holders has occurred
 thus no recording of

    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    


    
    
April 14
 2008
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

    


    
    
August 5
 2008
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
117
953 
    
    




Notes indicated in default
are in default because they are past due. One of the debt holders is a Board Director and will extend the maturity date as soon
as we can locate the other debt holder.



    
    



 2015
 approximately $3.3
million of the above debt that was in default was exchanged for Series C Convertible Preferred Stock.



Investing in our securities involves
a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risk factors discussed below
 together with all the other information
contained or incorporated by reference in this report and in our filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
or the Exchange Act
 before deciding whether to purchase any of our securities. Each of the risk factors could adversely affect
our business
 operating results and financial condition
 as well as adversely affect the value of an investment in our securities
and the occurrence of any of these risks might cause you to lose all or part of your investment.



We have a history of operating losses.
If we continue to incur operating losses
 we eventually may have insufficient working capital to maintain or expand operations
according to our business plan.


 2015
 we had a total shareholders&rsquo;
deficit of $16
942
378 and a working capital deficit of $17
997
151
 compared to a total shareholders&rsquo; deficit of $12
335
519
and a working capital deficit of $12
266
740 at March 31
 2014. Cash and cash equivalents were $233
591 as of March 31
 2015 as
compared to $20
615 at March 31
 2014. The main contributing factor to the working capital deficit was primarily attributable to
the changes in the fair value calculations for the valuation of our convertible notes payable as well as changes in the derivative
liabilities.

Our auditors have expressed doubt
as to our ability to continue as a going concern.


any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern.. Our auditor&rsquo;s report reflects
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. For the foreseeable future
 we will have to fund all of our
operations and capital expenditures from the net proceeds of equity or debt offerings we may have and cash on hand.&nbsp;&nbsp;Although
we plan to pursue additional financing
 there can be no assurance that we will be able to secure financing when needed or obtain
such financing on terms satisfactory to us
 if at all
 or that any additional funding we do obtain will be sufficient to meet our
needs in the long term. Obtaining additional financing may be more difficult because of the uncertainty regarding our ability to
continue as a going concern.&nbsp;&nbsp;If we are unable to secure additional financing in the future on acceptable terms
 or at
all
 we may be unable to complete planned development of certain products.


 we have generated no material
product revenues. Our operating losses have negatively impacted our liquidity
 and we are continuing our efforts to develop new
products
 while focusing on increasing net sales. However
 changes may occur that would consume our existing capital at a faster
rate than projected
 including
 among others
 the progress of our research and development efforts and hiring of additional key
employees. If we continue to suffer losses from operations
 our working capital may be insufficient to support our ability to expand
our business operations as rapidly as we would deem necessary at any time
 unless we are able to obtain additional financing. There
can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such financing on acceptable terms
 or at all. If adequate funds are not available
or are not available on acceptable terms
 we may not be able to pursue our business objectives and would be required to reduce
our level of operations
 including reducing infrastructure
 promotions
 personnel and other operating expenses. These events could
adversely affect our business
 results of operations and financial condition. If adequate funds are not available or if they are
not available on acceptable terms
 our ability to fund the growth of our operations
 take advantage of opportunities
 develop products
or services or otherwise respond to competitive pressures
 could be curtailed or significantly limited. Any additional sources
of financing will likely involve the sale of our equity securities
 which will have a dilutive effect on our stockholders. If we
are unable to achieve profitability
 the market value of our common stock will decline
 and there would be a material adverse effect
on our financial condition.



    
    


At March 31
 2015
 we were in default
on certain of our short-term bridge loans and convertible note payables.


 2015
 we were in default on
short term bridge notes totaling $115
000 in principal. One of the two note holders is on our Board of Directors and will extend
the due date once we locate the other note holder which we have been doing for some time. The remedy for default under the notes
is acceleration of principal and interest due thereunder. In addition
 we were in default on certain convertible note payables
in the total amount of $5
695
142. Further
 we have other secured convertible notes outstanding totaling $1
718
200 in principal
face value at March 31
 2015. We are implementing a restructuring program and working with our investors to extend these maturity
dates. There is no assurance that we will be able to continue to extend these obligations. Penalties for default under our convertible
notes include but are not limited to acceleration of principal and interest and default interest rates from 15% up to 20%.


materially adversely affect our business operating results and financial condition to such extent that we may be forced to
restructure
 file for bankruptcy
 sell assets or cease operation. Further
 certain of these obligations are secured by our
assets. Failure to fulfill our obligations under these notes and related agreements could lead to the loss of these assets
which would be detrimental to our operations. Our main assets relate to ABH&rsquo;s assets in the World of Beer location in
West Hartford
 Connecticut. If we lose those assets
 we would have a very difficult time conducting our business..

We may not be able to develop successful new beverage
products which are important to our growth.


increase our sales through the development of new beverage products. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to develop
market and distribute future beverage products that will have market acceptance. The failure to continue to develop new beverage
products that gain market acceptance could have an adverse impact on our growth and materially adversely affect our financial condition.
Further
 we may have higher obsolescent product expense if new products fail to perform as expected due to the need to write off
excess inventory of the new products.


in various ways by the introduction of new products
 even if they are successful
 including the following:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
 general and administrative expenses in the periods when we introduce new products due to increased costs associated with the introduction and marketing of new products
 most of which are expensed as incurred; and

    
    
    

    
    
    
 we may experience increased freight and logistics costs as our co-packers adjust their facilities for the new products.





industries are highly competitive. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial
 marketing
 personnel and other
resources than we do. Competitors in these industries include bottlers and distributors of nationally advertised and marketed products
as well as chain store and private label drinks. The principal methods of competition include brand recognition
 price and price
promotion
 retail space management
 service to the retail trade
 new product introductions
 packaging changes
 distribution methods
and advertising. We also compete for distributors
 shelf space and customers primarily with other premium beverage companies. As
additional competitors enter the field
 our market share may fail to increase or may decrease.

The growth of our revenues is dependent on acceptance
of our products by mainstream consumers.


our products to the mainstream consumer. As such
 we will need to increase our sales force and execute agreements with distributors
who
 in turn
 distribute to mainstream consumers at grocery stores
 club stores and other retailers. If our products are not accepted
by the mainstream consumer
 our business could suffer.



    
    


Our failure to accurately estimate demand for our products
could adversely affect our business and financial results.


our products. Our ability to estimate demand for our products is imprecise
 particularly with new products
 and may be less precise
during periods of rapid growth
 particularly in new markets. If we materially underestimate demand for our products or are unable
to secure sufficient ingredients or raw materials including
 but not limited to
 containers
 labels
 flavors or packing arrangements
we might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis. Moreover
 industry-wide shortages of certain ingredients have been
and could
 from time to time in the future
 be experienced
 which could interfere with and/or delay production of certain of our
products and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. We do not use hedging agreements or alternative
instruments to manage this risk.

The loss of our third-party distributors could impair
our operations and substantially reduce our financial results.


of our products by entering into distribution arrangements with regional bottlers or other direct store delivery distributors having
established sales
 marketing and distribution organizations. Many distributors are affiliated with and manufacture and/or distribute
other beverage products. In many cases
 such products compete directly with our products.


are important for our success. If our brands prove to be less attractive to our existing distributors and/or if we fail to attract
additional distributors and/or our distributors do not market and promote our products above the products of our competitors
 our
business
 financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Inability to secure co-packers for
our products could impair our operations and substantially reduce our financial results.


 called co-packers
in our industry
 to produce our products.&nbsp; We currently have only one co-packing agreement for our products and at this time
have only one milk-based product commercially available (Phase III&reg; Recovery). Our co-packing agreement with our principal
co-packer was signed on December 16
 2008 and had an initial term of three (3) years which has now expired. This agreement is automatically
renewed for consecutive one (1) year periods (next renewal date of December 16
 2015) unless either party provides notice of cancellation
at least one hundred twenty (120) calendar days prior to the end of the initial term or subsequent extension period. Our dependence
on one co-packer puts us at substantial risk in our operations. If we lose this relationship and/or require new co-packing relationships
for other products
 we may be unable to establish such relationships on favorable terms
 if at all. Further
 co-packing arrangements
with potential new companies may be on a short term basis
 and such co-packers may discontinue their relationship with us on short
notice.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our dependence on co-packing arrangements exposes us to various risks
 including:



    
    

 our ability to produce our beverages would be adversely affected until we were able to make alternative arrangements; and

    
    
    

    
    
    


We compete in an industry that is
brand-conscious so brand name recognition and acceptance of our products are critical to our success.


upon awareness and market acceptance of our products and brands by our targeted consumers. In addition
 our business depends on
acceptance by our independent distributors of our brands as beverage brands that have the potential to provide incremental sales
growth rather than reduce distributors&rsquo; existing beverage sales. We believe that the success of our product name brands will
also be substantially dependent upon acceptance of our product name brands. Accordingly
 any failure of our brands to maintain
or increase acceptance or market penetration would likely have a material adverse affect on our revenues and financial results.

We compete in an industry characterized
by rapid changes in consumer preferences and public perception so our ability to continue to market our existing products and develop
new products to satisfy our consumers&rsquo; changing preferences will determine our long-term success.


their beverages. Our future success will depend
 in part
 upon our continued ability to develop and introduce different and innovative
beverages. In order to retain and expand our market share
 we must continue to develop and introduce different and innovative beverages
and be competitive in the areas of quality and health
 although there can be no assurance of our ability to do so. There is no
assurance that consumers will continue to purchase our products in the future. Additionally
 many of our products are considered
premium products and to maintain market share during recessionary periods
 we may have to reduce profit margins
 which would adversely
affect our results of operations. Product lifecycles for some beverage brands and/or products and/or packages may be limited to
a few years before consumers&rsquo; preferences change. The beverages we currently market are in their early lifecycles
 and there
can be no assurance that such beverages will become or remain profitable for us. The beverage industry is subject to changing consumer
preferences
 and shifts in consumer preferences may adversely affect us if we misjudge such preferences. We may be unable to achieve
volume growth through product and packaging initiatives. We also may be unable to penetrate new markets. If our revenues decline
our business
 financial condition and results of operations will be materially and adversely affected.



    
    


Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly
because of the seasonality of our business.


 there
may be seasonality issues that could cause our financial performance to fluctuate. In addition
 beverage sales can be adversely
affected by sustained periods of bad weather.

Our business is subject to many regulations
 and noncompliance
is costly.


 marketing and sale of our
unique beverages
 including contents
 labels
 caps and containers
 are subject to the rules and regulations of various federal
provincial
 state and local health agencies. If a regulatory authority finds that a current or future product or production run
is not in compliance with any of these regulations
 we may be fined
 or production may be stopped
 thus adversely affecting our
financial conditions and operations. Similarly
 any adverse publicity associated with any noncompliance may damage our reputation
and our ability to successfully market our products. Furthermore
 the rules and regulations are subject to change from time to
time and while we closely monitor developments in this area
 we have no way of anticipating whether changes in these rules and
regulations will impact our business adversely. Additional or revised regulatory requirements
 whether labeling
 environmental
tax or otherwise
 could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

We face risks associated with product liability claims
and product recalls.


have experienced product liability litigation and product recalls arising primarily from defectively manufactured products or packaging.
Our co-packer maintains product liability insurance insuring our operations from any claims associated with product liability.
This insurance may or may not be sufficient to protect us. We do not maintain product recall insurance. In the event we were to
experience additional product liability or product recall claim
 our business operations and financial condition could be materially
and adversely affected.

We have identified material weaknesses
in our internal controls
 and we cannot provide assurances that these weaknesses will be effectively remediated or that additional
material weaknesses will not occur in the future.


reporting or our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective
 we may not be able to accurately report our financial results
prevent fraud
 or file our periodic reports in a timely manner
 which may cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial
information and may lead to a decline in our stock price. Our most recent evaluation of our internal controls resulted in our conclusion
that our disclosure controls and procedures and that our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective. Effective
internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports. All internal control systems
 no matter how well
designed
 have inherent limitations. Even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect
to financial statement preparation and presentation. In our case
 our failure to achieve and maintain an effective internal control
environment could cause us to be unable to produce reliable financial reports or prevent fraud. This may cause investors to lose
confidence in our reported financial information
 which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our stock price.

Our intellectual property rights are critical to our success;
the loss of such rights could materially
 adversely affect our business.


trade dress and trade secrets as critical to our future success. We have registered our trademarks in the United States that are
very important to our business. We also own the copyright in and to portions of the content on the packaging of our products. We
regard our trademarks
 copyrights and similar intellectual property as critical to our success and attempt to protect such property
with registered and common law trademarks and copyrights
 restrictions on disclosure and other actions to prevent infringement.
Product packages
 mechanical designs and artwork are important to our success
 and we would take action to protect against imitation
of our packaging and trade dress and to protect our trademarks and copyrights
 as necessary. We also rely on a combination of laws
and contractual restrictions
 such as confidentiality agreements
 to establish and protect our proprietary rights
 trade dress
and trade secrets. However
 laws and contractual restrictions may not be sufficient to protect the exclusivity of our intellectual
property rights
 trade dress or trade secrets. Furthermore
 enforcing our rights to our intellectual property could involve the
expenditure of significant management and financial resources. There can be no assurance that other third parties will not infringe
or misappropriate our trademarks and similar proprietary rights. If we lose some or all of our intellectual property rights
 our
business may be materially and adversely affected.



    
    


If we are not able to retain the
full time services of our management team
 including Roy G. Warren
 it will be more difficult for us to manage our operations and
our operating performance could suffer.


 to a large extent
upon the services of our management team
 including Roy G. Warren
 our founder and Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the
Board. We depend on our management team
 but especially on Mr. Warren&rsquo;s creativity and leadership in running or supervising
virtually all aspects of our day-to-day operations. We do not have a written employment agreement with any member of our management
team or Mr. Warren. In addition
 we do not maintain key person life insurance on any of our management team or Mr. Warren. Therefore
in the event of the loss or unavailability of any member of the management team to us
 there can be no assurance that we would
be able to locate in a timely manner or employ qualified personnel to replace him. The loss of the services of any member of our
management team or our failure to attract and retain other key personnel over time would jeopardize our ability to execute our
business plan and could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition.

We need to manage our growth and
implement and maintain procedures and controls during a time of rapid expansion in our business.


 such
expansion would place a significant strain on our management
 operational and financial resources.&nbsp;&nbsp;Such expansion would
also require improvements in our operational
 accounting and information systems
 procedures and controls.&nbsp;&nbsp;If we fail
to manage this anticipated expansion properly
 it could divert our limited management
 cash
 personnel
 and other resources from
other responsibilities and could adversely affect our financial performance.

Our business may be negatively impacted
by a slowing economy or by unfavorable economic conditions or developments in the United States and/or in other countries in which
we may operate.


United States or unfavorable economic conditions or other developments may result in decreased consumer demand
 business disruption
supply constraints
 foreign currency devaluation
 inflation or deflation. A slowdown in the economy or unstable economic conditions
in the United States or in the countries in which we operate could have an adverse impact on our business results or financial
condition. Currently we do not have any international operations.

The beneficial ownership of a significant
percentage of our common stock gives Roy Warren and members of his family effective control of us and limits the influence of other
shareholders on important policy and management issues.


 our Chief Executive Officer
and Chairman of our Board
 through his control of 51% of our voting stock
 has control over our company and important matters relating
to us. As a result he can control the outcome of all matters submitted to our shareholders for approval
 including the election
of our directors
 our business strategy
 our day-to-day operations and any proposed merger
 consolidation or sale of all or substantially
all of our assets. This control of our company could discourage the acquisition of our common stock by potential investors and
could have an anti-takeover effect
 preventing a change in control of our company that might be otherwise beneficial to our shareholders
and possibly depressing the trading price of our common stock. There can be no assurance that conflicts of interest will not arise
with respect to Roy Warren&rsquo;s ownership and control of our company or that any conflicts will be resolved in a manner favorable
to the other shareholders of our company.

Certain provisions of the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware
 our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
 as amended
 and our bylaws may have anti-takeover effects
which may make an acquisition of our company by another company more difficult.


of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware
 which prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination
including mergers and asset sales
 with an interested stockholder (generally
 a 15% or greater stockholder) for a period of three
years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder
 unless the business combination is
approved in a prescribed manner. The operation of Section&nbsp;203 may have anti-takeover effects
 which could delay
 defer or
prevent a takeover attempt that a holder of our common stock might consider in its best interest.


Incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that permit us to issue
 without any further vote or action by the stockholders
 up
to 20
000
000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and
 with respect to each such series
 to fix the number of shares
constituting the series and the designation of the series
 the voting powers
 if any
 of the shares of the series
 and the preferences
and relative
 participating
 optional and other special rights
 if any
 and any qualifications
 limitations or restrictions
 of
the shares of such series.


Certificate of Incorporation may have anti-takeover effects
 which could delay
 defer or prevent a takeover attempt that a holder
of our common stock might consider in its best interest.

Certain of our officers may have
a conflict of interest and lack of availability.


 including our Chief
Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
 are currently working for the Company on a part-time basis and are the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Harrison Vickers and Waterman Inc. These officers have discretion to decide what
time they devote to our activities
 which may result in a lack of availability when needed due to responsibilities at other jobs.&nbsp;



    
    





or independent audit committee financial expert
 we currently do not have an audit committee or independent audit committee financial
expert which is an important entity-level control over the Company&rsquo;s financial statements.

Risks Related to the World of Beer
operations

If ABH is unable to identify and
obtain suitable new franchises sites and successfully open new franchises
 our revenue will suffer and profits may be reduced.


sites meet certain site selection criteria. ABH may make errors in selecting these criteria or applying these criteria to a particular
site
 or there may be an insignificant number of new sites meeting these criteria that would enable us to achieve our planned expansion
in future periods. ABH faces significant competition from other restaurant companies and retailers for sites that meet its criteria
and the supply of sites may be limited in some markets. Further
 ABH may be precluded from acquiring an otherwise suitable site
due to an exclusivity restriction held by another tenant. As a result of these factors
 costs to obtain and lease sites may increase
or ABH may not be able to obtain certain sites due to unacceptable costs. ABH&rsquo;s inability to obtain suitable sites at reasonable
costs may reduce our income growth.


 ABH
must open new World of Beer restaurants on schedule and in a profitable manner. In the past
 World of Beer franchisees have experienced
delays in restaurant openings
 and may experience similar delays in the future. Delays in opening new sites could hurt ABH&rsquo;s
ability to meet its growth objectives
 which may affect our results of operations and thus our stock price. We cannot guarantee
that ABH or any future franchisees will be able to achieve its expansion goals. Further
 any sites that it opens may not achieve
operating results similar or better than the existing restaurant. If ABH is unable to generate positive cash flow from a new site
it may be required to recognize an impairment loss with respect to the assets for that restaurant. ABH&rsquo;s ability to expand
successfully will depend on a number of factors
 many of which are beyond its control. These factors include:




Cost effective and timely planning
 design and build-out of sites;







The restaurants and taverns may not achieve market acceptance
in the new regions ABH enters.


restaurants and taverns in markets starting with New England where it has little or no operating experience. ABH may not be successful
in operating in locations in new markets on a profitable basis. The success of these new locations will be affected by the different
competitive conditions
 consumer tastes and discretionary spending patterns of the new markets as well as ABH&rsquo;s ability to
generate market awareness of its brands. Sales at locations opening in new markets may take longer to reach profitable levels
if at all.

New restaurants added to existing markets may take sales
from existing restaurants.


taverns in its existing market
 which may reduce sales performance and guest visits for existing location. In addition
 new locations
added in existing markets may not achieve sales and operating performance at the same level as established restaurants in the market.

A security failure in ABH&rsquo;s
information technology systems could expose us to potential liability and loss of revenues.


at our restaurant. A number of retailers have recently experienced actual or potential security breaches in which credit and debit
card information may have been stolen
 including a number of highly publicized incidents with well-known retailers. The intentional
inadvertent or negligent release or disclosure of data by ABH or its service providers&nbsp;could result in theft
 loss
 fraudulent
or unlawful use of customer data which could harm its and our reputation&nbsp;and result in remedial and other costs
 fines or
lawsuits.

Shortages or interruptions in the
availability and delivery of food and other supplies may increase costs or reduce revenues.


the supply of food items and other supplies to a location(s) caused by inclement weather
 terrorist attacks
 natural disasters
such as floods
 drought and hurricanes
 pandemics
 the inability of vendors to obtain credit in a tightened credit market
 food
safety warnings or advisories or the prospect of such pronouncements
 or other conditions beyond ABH&rsquo;s control could adversely
affect the availability
 quality and cost of items it buys and the operations of its restaurants. ABH&rsquo;s inability to effectively
manage supply chain risk could increase costs and limit the availability of products critical to the restaurant operations.



    
    


There are general risks associated
with the restaurant and bar/tavern industry.


Specific factors that impact economic recessions can negatively influence discretionary consumer spending in restaurants and bars
and result in lower customer counts as consumers become more price conscientious
 tending to conserve their cash amid unemployment
and other economic uncertainty. The effects of higher gasoline prices can also negatively affect discretionary consumer spending
in restaurants and bars. Increasing costs for energy can affect profit margins in many other ways. Petroleum based material is
often used to package certain products for distribution. In addition
 suppliers may add fuel surcharges to their invoices. The
cost to transport products from the distributors to restaurant operations will rise with each increase in fuel prices. Higher costs
for electricity and natural gas result in higher costs to a) heat and cool restaurant facilities
 b) refrigerate and cook food
and c) manufacture and store food at ABH&rsquo;s locations.


 particularly on
food costs
 labor costs (especially associated with increases in the minimum wage) and health care benefits
 can negatively affect
the operation of the business. Shortages of qualified labor are sometimes experienced in certain local economies. In addition
the loss of any key executives could pose a significant adverse effect on ABH and us.

If consumer confidence in the business deteriorates
 our
business
 financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.


confidence in the World of Beer brand. As a consumer business
 the strength of the brand and reputation are of paramount importance
to ABH and us. A number of factors could adversely affect consumer confidence in the brand
 many of which are beyond ABH&rsquo;s
control and could have an adverse impact on its and our results of operations. These factors include:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    


about our restaurants.&nbsp;

    
    
    
    


 ABH is largely dependent on
the other World of Beer franchisees to maintain the reputation of its brand. Despite the measures that it puts in place to ensure
their compliance with its performance standards
 ABH&rsquo;s lack of control over its operations may result in the low quality
of service being attributed to the brand
 negatively affecting its and our overall reputation. Any event that hurts its or our
brand and reputation among consumers as a reliable services provider could have a material adverse effect on its and our business
financial condition and results of operations.




and many of the competitors are substantially larger and possess greater financial resources than ABH and us. Our restaurant(s)
have numerous competitors
 including national chains
 regional and local chains
 as well as independent operators. None of these
competitors
 in the opinion of our management
 is dominant in the family-style sector of the restaurant industry. In addition
competition continues to increase from non-traditional competitors such as supermarkets that not only offer home meal replacement
but also have in-store dining space trends that continue to grow in popularity.


the restaurant industry are brand name recognition and advertising; menu selection and prices; food quality and customer perceptions
of value
 speed and quality of service; cleanliness and fresh
 attractive facilities in convenient locations. In addition to competition
for customers
 sharp competition exists for qualified restaurant managers
 hourly restaurant workers and quality sites on which
to build new locations.


competitive
 and ABH faces competition from large national chains as well as individually owned restaurants. Large chains such
as Buffalo Wild Wings have a similar open style that appeals to sports fan and family demographics. There are additional restaurants
that feature custom beers. Many of these competitors have substantially more resources than ABH and us which allow them to have
economies of scale allowing them price points which compare favorably to ABH&rsquo;s price points. They also have the ability to
market their restaurants given their sheer size which ABH does not possess. All of these factors may make it difficult for ABH
and us to succeed.



    
    





ABH&rsquo;s business can be adversely affected by publicity resulting from complaints or litigation or general publicity regarding
poor food quality
 food-borne illness
 personal injury
 food tampering
 adverse health effects of consumption of various food products
or high-calorie foods (including obesity)
 or other concerns. Negative publicity from traditional media or on-line social network
postings may also result from actual or alleged incidents or events taking place in ABH&rsquo;s restaurants. Regardless of whether
the allegations or complaints are valid
 unfavorable publicity relating to a number of our restaurants
 or only to a single restaurant
could adversely affect public perception of the entire brand. Adverse publicity and its effect on overall consumer perceptions
of food safety
 or ABH&rsquo;s failure to respond effectively to adverse publicity
 could have a material adverse effect on its
and our business.

Changes in employment laws or regulation could harm ABH&rsquo;s
performanc


ABH&rsquo;s relationship with its employees and affect operating costs. These laws include minimum wage requirements
 overtime
pay
 healthcare reform and the implementation of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act
 unemployment tax rates
 workers&rsquo;
compensation rates
 citizenship requirements
 union membership and sales taxes. A number of factors could adversely affect ABH&rsquo;s
operating results
 including additional government-imposed increases in minimum wages
 overtime pay
 paid leaves of absence and
mandated health benefits
 mandated training for employees
 increased tax reporting and tax payment requirements for employees who
receive tips
 a reduction in the number of states that allow tips to be credited toward minimum wage requirements
 changing regulations
from the National Labor Relations Board and increased employee litigation including claims relating to the Fair Labor Standards
Act.


a federal law that prohibits discrimination on the basis of disability in public accommodations and employment. Although ABH&rsquo;s
restaurants are designed to be accessible to the disabled
 ABH could be required to make modifications to its restaurants to provide
service to
 or make reasonable accommodations for disabled persons.

Economic conditions could have a
material adverse impact on ABH&rsquo;s landlords or other tenants in retail centers in which it or its franchisees are located
which in turn could negatively affect its financial results.


obtain financing or remain in good standing under their existing financing arrangements
 resulting in failures to pay required
construction contributions or satisfy other lease covenants to ABH. In addition other tenants at retail centers in which ABH or
its franchisees are located or have executed leases may fail to open or may cease operations. If any landlords fail to satisfy
required co-tenancies
 such failures may result in ABH or its franchisees terminating leases or delaying openings in these locations.
Also
 decreases in total tenant occupancy in retail centers in which ABH are located may affect guest traffic at its restaurants.
All of these factors could have a material adverse impact on its and our operations.

ABH may experience higher-than-anticipated
costs associated with the opening of new locations or with the closing
 relocating and remodeling of existing restaurants
 which
may adversely affect its and our results of operations.


can be impacted significantly by the location
 number and timing of the opening of new restaurants and the closing
 relocating
and remodeling of existing restaurants. ABH incurs substantial pre-opening expenses each time it opens a new restaurant and incurs
other expenses when it closes
 relocates or remodels existing restaurants. These expenses are generally higher when it opens restaurants
in new markets
 but the costs of opening
 closing
 relocating or remodeling any of our restaurants may be higher than anticipated.
An increase in such expenses could have an adverse effect on ABH&rsquo;s and our results of operations.

ABH&rsquo;s and our success depends
substantially on the value of ABH&rsquo;s brands and its reputation for offering guests an unparalleled Guest experience.


reputation for the quality and breadth of its menu items as part of the total experience that guests enjoy in its restaurants.
We believe ABH must protect and grow the value of its brands to continue to be successful in the future. Any incident that erodes
consumer trust in or affinity for its brands could significantly reduce their value. If consumers perceive or experience a reduction
in food quality
 service
 or ambiance
 or in any way believe ABH failed to deliver a consistently positive experience
 its and
our brand value could suffer.

ABH&rsquo;s inability to successfully
and sufficiently raise menu prices could result in a decline in profitabili


offset cost increases
 including increased cost for commodities
 minimum wages
 employee benefits
 insurance arrangements
 construction
utilities and other key operating costs.&nbsp; If its selection and amount of menu price increases are not accepted by consumers
and reduce guest traffic
 or are insufficient to counter increased costs
 its and our financial results could be harmed.



    
    


Our quarterly operating results may
fluctuate due to the timing of special events and other factors
 including the recognition of impairment losses.


in part
 on revenue that ABH derived from special events
 such as the Super Bowl&reg; and other sporting events viewed by our guests
in our World of Beer franchised locations such as the NFL
 MLB
 NBA
 NHL and NCAA. Interruptions in the viewing of these professional
and collegiate sporting league events due to strikes
 lockouts or labor disputes may impact our results. Additionally
 ABH&rsquo;s
and thus indirectly our results are subject to fluctuations based on the dates of sporting events and their availability for viewing
through broadcast
 satellite and cable networks. Historically
 sales in most of World of Beer restaurants have been higher during
fall and winter months based on the relative popularity and extent of national
 regional and local sporting and other events. Further
quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly because of other factors
 including:


Fluctuations in food costs
 particularly chicken wings;

The timing of new restaurant openings which may impact margins due to the related preopening costs
and initially higher restaurant level operating expense ratios;











General economic conditions
 consumer confidence and fluctuations in discretionary spending;





The impact of inclement weather
 natural disasters and other calamities;







ABH may not be able to attract and
retain qualified team members and key executives to operate and manage our business.


its individual restaurant(s) and business depends on its ability to attract
 motivate
 develop and retain a sufficient number of
qualified key executives and restaurant employees
 including restaurant managers and hourly team members. The inability to recruit
develop and retain these individuals may delay the planned openings of new restaurant and tavern locations or result in high employee
turnover in existing locations
 thus increasing the cost to efficiently operate our restaurants. This could inhibit expansion plans
and business performance and
 to the extent that a labor shortage may force ABH to pay higher wages
 harm its profitability. The
loss of any of its key executive officers could jeopardize its ability to meet its financial targets.

The sale of alcoholic beverages at
ABH&rsquo;s locations subjects it to additional regulations and potential liabilit


beverages
 it is required to comply with the alcohol licensing requirements of the federal government
 states and municipalities
where its restaurants are located. Alcoholic beverage control regulations require applications to state authorities and
 in certain
locations
 county and municipal authorities for a license and permit to sell alcoholic beverages on the premises and to provide
service for extended hours and on Sundays. Typically
 the licenses are renewed annually and may be revoked or suspended for cause
at any time. Alcoholic beverage control regulations relate to numerous aspects of the daily operations of the restaurants and bars
including minimum age of guests and employees
 hours of operation
 advertising
 wholesale purchasing
 inventory control and handling
storage and dispensing of alcoholic beverages. If ABH fails to comply with federal
 state or local regulations
 its licenses may
be revoked
 and it may be forced to terminate the sale of alcoholic beverages at one or more of its locations. Further
 growing
movements to change laws relating to alcohol may result in a decline in alcohol consumption at its facilities or increase the number
of dram shop claims made against it
 either of which may negatively impact operations or result in the loss of liquor licenses.


shop&rdquo; statutes
 which generally allow a person injured by an intoxicated person the right to recover damages from an establishment
that wrongfully served alcoholic beverages to the intoxicated person. Some dram shop litigation against restaurant companies has
resulted in significant judgments
 including punitive damages.

Changes in consumer preferences or
discretionary consumer spending could harm ABH&rsquo;s and our performance


franchises depends
 in part
 upon the continued popularity of the overall World of Beer system locations throughout the United
States as well as ABH&rsquo;s unique food and beverage items and appeal of sports bars and casual dining restaurants. ABH also
depends on trends toward consumers eating away from home. Shifts in these consumer preferences could negatively affect its future
profitability. Such shifts could be based on health concerns related to the cholesterol
 carbohydrate
 fat
 calorie or salt content
of certain food items
 including items featured on its menu. Negative publicity over the health aspects of such food items may
adversely affect consumer demand for its menu items and could result in a decrease in guest traffic to its restaurants
 which could
materially harm its business. In addition
 ABH will be required to disclose calorie counts for all food items on its menus
 due
to federal regulations
 and this may have an effect on consumers&rsquo; eating habits. Other federal regulations could follow this
pattern. In addition
 ABH&rsquo;s success depends to a significant extent on numerous factors affecting discretionary consumer
spending
 including economic conditions
 disposable consumer income and consumer confidence. A decline in consumer spending or
in economic conditions could reduce guest traffic or impose practical limits on pricing
 either of which could harm its business
financial condition
 operating results or cash flow.



    
    


A regional or global health pandemic
could severely affect ABH&rsquo;s business.


that spreads rapidly and widely by infection and affects many individuals in an area or population at the same time. If a regional
or global health pandemic was to occur
 depending upon its duration and severity
 ABH&rsquo;s and our business could be severely
affected. ABH has positioned its brand as a place where people can gather together.


places in the event of a health pandemic
 and local
 regional or national governments might limit or ban public gatherings to halt
or delay the spread of disease. A regional or global health pandemic might also adversely impact our business by disrupting or
delaying production and delivery of materials and products in its supply chain and by causing staffing shortages in ABH&rsquo;s
restaurants. The impact of a health pandemic might be disproportionately greater than on other companies that depend less on the
gathering of people together for the sale or use of their products and services.


ABH&rsquo;s and our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate significantly. Accordingly
 results for any one quarter
are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for any other quarter or for any year. These fluctuations may cause future
operating results to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and shareholders. In that event
 the price of our common
stock would likely decrease.

ABH may be subject to increased labor
and insurance costs


to federal and state laws governing such matters as minimum wages
 working conditions
 overtime
 and tip credits. As federal and
state minimum wage rates increase
 ABH may need to increase not only the wages of our minimum wage employees
 but also the wages
paid to employees at wage rates that are above minimum wage. Labor shortages
 increased employee turnover
 and health care mandates
could also increase its labor costs. This
 in turn
 could lead it to increase prices which could impact its sales. Conversely
if competitive pressures or other factors prevent ABH from offsetting increased labor costs by increases in prices
 its profitability
may decline. In addition
 the current premiums that ABH pays for its insurance (including workers&rsquo; compensation
 general liability
property
 health
 and directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo; liability) may increase at any time
 thereby further increasing our costs. The dollar
amount of claims that ABH actually experiences under its workers&rsquo; compensation and general liability insurance
 for which it carries
high per-claim deductibles
 may also increase at any time
 thereby further increasing its costs. Also
 the decreased availability
of property and liability insurance has the potential to negatively impact the cost of premiums and the magnitude of uninsured
losses.

ABH&rsquo;s current insurance may
not provide adequate levels of coverage against claims.


for businesses of its size and type. However
 there are types of losses it may incur that cannot be insured against or that it
believed are not economically reasonable to insure
 such as losses due to natural disasters. Such damages could have a material
adverse effect on its and our business and results of operations.&nbsp;

ABH is dependent on information technology
and any material failure of that technology could impair its ability to efficiently operate its business.


its operations
 including
 for example
 point-of-sale processing in its locations
 management of its supply chain
 collection of
cash and credit and debit card payments
 payment of obligations and various other processes and procedures. ABH&rsquo;s ability
to efficiently manage its business depends significantly on the reliability and capacity of these systems. The failure of these
systems to operate effectively
 problems with maintenance
 upgrading or transitioning to replacement systems
 or a breach in security
of these systems could cause delays in customer service
 reduce efficiency in its operations
 require significant investment to
remediate the issue or cause negative publicity that could damage its and our brand. Significant capital investments might be required
to remediate any problems.

If ABH is unable to maintain its
rights to use key technologies of third parties
 its and our business may be harmed.


from third parties and may be required to license additional technology in the future for use in managing its internet sites and
providing related services to users and customers. These third-party technology licenses may not continue to be available to it
on acceptable commercial terms or at all. The inability to enter into and maintain any of these technology licenses could significantly
harm its and our business
 financial condition and operating results.



    
    


ABH&rsquo;s future growth may require
it to raise additional capital in the future
 but that capital may not be available when it is needed or may be available only
at an excessive cost.


plan and to be ultimately successful
 it will need ample capital to purchase/rent new properties
 build new locations
 hire personnel
and market its locations. ABH may not generate sufficient cash from its existing operations in order to do so. Therefore
 it or
we may at some point choose to raise additional capital to support its continued growth. ABH&rsquo;s and our ability to raise additional
capital will depend
 in part
 on conditions in the capital markets at that time which are outside of its control. Accordingly
it or we may be unable to raise additional capital
 if and when needed
 on terms acceptable to it or us
 or at all. If ABH or we
cannot raise additional capital when needed
 its ability to further expand operations through internal growth and acquisitions
could be materially impacted. In the event of a material decrease in our stock price
 future issuances of equity securities could
result in dilution of existing shareholder interests.

The occurrence of any failure
 breach
or interruption in service involving ABH&rsquo;s systems or those of its service providers could damage its reputation
 cause losses
increase its expenses
 and result in a loss of customers
 an increase in regulatory scrutiny or expose ABH to civil litigation
and possibly financial liability
 any of which could adversely impact its and our financial condition
 results of operations and
the market price of our stock.


are essential to the conduct of ABH&rsquo;s business
 as it uses such systems to manage its customer relationships
 its general
ledger
 its deposits and its loans. ABH&rsquo;s operations rely on the secure processing
 storage and transmission of confidential
and other information in its computer systems and networks. Although ABH takes protective measures and endeavor to modify them
as circumstances warrant
 the security of its computer systems
 software and networks may be vulnerable to breaches
 unauthorized
access
 misuse
 computer viruses or other malicious code and cyber attacks that could have a security impact. In addition
 breaches
of security may occur through intentional or unintentional acts by those having authorized or unauthorized access to its confidential
or other information or the confidential or other information of our customers
 clients or counterparties. If one or more of such
events was to occur
 the confidential and other information processed and stored in and transmitted through its computer systems
and networks could potentially be jeopardized or could otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in its operations or the operations
of its customers
 clients or counterparties. This could cause ABH significant reputational damage or result in its experiencing
significant losses.


 ABH may be required to expend
significant additional resources to modify its protective measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures
arising from operational and security risks. ABH also may be subject to litigation and financial losses that are either not insured
against or not fully covered through any insurance it maintains. In addition
 ABH routinely transmits and receives personal
 confidential
and proprietary information by e-mail and other electronic means. It has discussed and worked with its customers
 clients and counterparties
to develop secure transmission capabilities
 but it does not have
 and may be unable to put in place
 secure capabilities with
all of these constituents
 and it may not be able to ensure that these third parties have appropriate controls in place to protect
the confidentiality of such information.


procedures to prevent or limit the impact of systems failures and interruptions
 there can be no assurance that such events will
not occur or that they will be adequately addressed if they do. In addition
 ABH outsources certain aspects of its data processing
to certain third-party providers. If its third-party providers encounter difficulties
 or if it has difficulty in communication
with them
 its ability to adequately process and account for customer transactions could be affected
 and its business operations
could be adversely impacted. Threats to information security also exist in the processing of customer information through various
other vendors and their personnel.



There has been a very limited public
trading market for our securities
 and the market for our securities may continue to be limited and be sporadic and highly volatile.


for our common stock. Our common stock has been listed for trading on the OTC Pink. We cannot assure you that an active market
for our shares will be established or maintained in the future. Holders of our common stock may
 therefore
 have difficulty selling
their shares
 should they decide to do so. In addition
 there can be no assurances that such markets will continue or that any
shares
 which may be purchased
 may be sold without incurring a loss. Any such market price of our shares may not necessarily bear
any relationship to our book value
 assets
 past operating results
 financial condition or any other established criteria of value
and may not be indicative of the market price for the shares in the future.


the market price of our common stock may be volatile
 which could cause the value of our common stock to decline. Securities markets
experience significant price and volume fluctuations. This market volatility
 as well as general economic conditions
 could cause
the market price of our common stock to fluctuate substantially. Many factors that are beyond our control may significantly affect
the market price of our shares. These factors include:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



stockholders may have to sell their shares at prices substantially lower than the price they paid for it or might otherwise receive
than if a broad public market existed.

Future financings could adversely
affect common stock ownership interest and rights in comparison with those of other security holders.


issue additional shares of common or preferred stock without stockholder approval. If additional funds are raised through the
issuance of equity or convertible debt securities
 the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders will be reduced
 and
these newly issued securities may have rights
 preferences or privileges senior to those of existing stockholders. In addition
as of September 22
 2015
 we had issued and outstanding options and warrants that may be exercised into 14
599
204 shares of common
stock
 9
000
000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and 51 shares of Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock that may
be converted into 54
000
306 shares of common stock
 outstanding principal convertible notes totaling $1
488
487 (excludes ABH&rsquo;s
convertible notes of $2
371
545 which are not convertible into our common stock) and accrued interest payable of $417
338 (excludes
accrued interest for ABH convertible notes) which together may be converted into shares of common stock (subject to 4.99-9.99%
beneficial ownership limitations and a limit of a total of 20
000
000 authorized shares) at a maximum conversion cap rate of $.02
per share. Actual conversion prices are subject to certain discounts from market prices as the stock prices change daily and have
been significantly less than the $.02 price
 resulting in a possible calculation to reach the maximum authorized amount of 20
000
000
000
common shares. The Series A and A-1 Preferred Stock vote with the common stock on an as converted basis. Pursuant to the terms
and conditions of our outstanding Series A and Series A-1 Preferred Stock
 the conversion rate and the voting rights of the Series
A and A-1 will not adjust as a result of any reverse stock split. Further
 the authorized but unissued Series A will not adjust
as a result of any reverse split. As a result
 in the event of a reverse split of our common stock
 the voting power would be
concentrated with the Series A holder.&nbsp;


 if we issue any additional common
stock or securities convertible into common stock
 such issuance will reduce the proportionate ownership and voting power of each
other stockholder diluting each stockholder. In addition
 such stock issuances might result in a reduction of the book value of
our common stock.

Because we do not have an audit or
compensation committee
 shareholders will have to rely on our President
 who is not independent
 to perform these functions.


committee comprised of independent directors. Indeed
 we do not have any audit or compensation committee. These functions are performed
by our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. An independent audit committee plays a crucial role in the corporate
governance process
 assessing our processes relating to our risks and control environment
 overseeing financial reporting
 and
evaluating internal and independent audit processes. The lack of an independent audit committee may prevent the Board from being
independent from our management in their judgments and decisions and their ability to pursue the&nbsp;responsibilities of an audit
committee without undue influence. We may have difficulty attracting and retaining directors with the requisite qualifications.
If we are unable to attract and retain qualified
 independent directors
 the management of our business could be compromised. Our
lack of an independent compensation committee presents the risk that our executive officers on the Board may have influence over
his personal compensation and benefits levels that may not be commensurate with our financial performance.

Our common shares are subject to
the &ldquo;Penny Stock&rdquo; Rules of the SEC and the trading market in our securities is limited
 which makes transactions in our
stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in our stock.


has adopted Rule 15g-9
 which establishes the definition of a &ldquo;penny stock
&rdquo; for the purposes relevant to us
 as any
equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share
 subject
to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock
 unless exempt
 the rules require:

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
that a broker or dealer approve a person&rsquo;s account for transactions in penny stocks; and

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
the broker or dealer receives from the investor a written agreement to the transaction
 setting forth the identity and quantity
of the penny stock to be purchased.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
In order to approve a person&rsquo;s account for transactions in penny stocks
 the broker or dealer must:




knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks.


    
    




prior to any transaction in a penny stock
 a disclosure schedule prescribed by the Commission relating to the penny stock market
which
 in highlight form:

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination; and
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
that the broker or dealer received a signed
 written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction.


 brokers may be less willing
to execute transactions in securities subject to the &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; rules. This may make it more difficult for investors
to dispose of our shares of common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock.


risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the commissions payable to both
the broker-dealer and the registered representative
 current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies available
to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally
 monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent price
information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks.

If an active market develops for
our shares
 sales of our shares relying upon Rule 144 may depress prices in that market by a material amount.


of our common stock held by present stockholders are &ldquo;restricted securities&rdquo; within the meaning of Rule 144 under the
Securities Act of 1933
 as amended. The SEC has recently adopted amendments to Rule 144
 which became effective on February 15
2008 and applies to securities acquired both before and after that date. Under these amendments
 a person who has beneficially
owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided
that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of
 or at any time during the three months preceding
a sale and (ii) we have been current with the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least twelve months before the
sale.


shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of
 or at any time during
the three months preceding
 a sale
 would be subject to additional restrictions
 by which such person would be entitled to sell
within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed 1% of the total number of shares of our common stock
then outstanding
 which would equal 1
263
374 shares of our common stock immediately after this offering
 for a company trading
on the pink sheets or Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board such as us.

The market for penny stocks has experienced
numerous frauds and abuses which could adversely impact investors in our stock.


has suffered from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include:



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&ldquo;Boiler room&rdquo; practices involving high pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced sales
persons;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level
along with the inevitable collapse of those prices with consequent investor losses.

We do not expect to pay dividends
to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. As a result
 holders of our common stock must rely on stock appreciation
for any return on their investment.


of Incorporation or Bylaws that prevent us from declaring dividends. The Nevada General Corporation Law
 however
 does prohibit
us from declaring dividends where
 after giving effect to the distribution of the dividend
 we would not be able to pay our debts
as they become due in the usual course of business
 or if our total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities
plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy the rights of shareholders who have preferential rights superior to those receiving
the distribution. We have not declared any dividends since our inception
 and we do not plan to declare any dividends on our common
stock in the foreseeable future. Accordingly
 holders of our common stock will have to rely on capital appreciation
 if any
 to
earn a return on their investment in our common stock.



    
    



We may issue shares of preferred
stock in the future that may adversely impact the right of holders of our common stock.


 our
Articles of Incorporation authorizes us to issue up to 20
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 of which 14
999
949 shares have
been designated as shares of Series A
 51 shares have been designated as Series A-1 and 100
000 shares have been designated
as Series C. Accordingly
 our Board of directors will have the authority to fix and determine the relative rights and
preferences of preferred shares
 as well as the authority to issue such shares
 without further stockholder approval. As a
result
 our Board of Directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that would grant to holders
preferred rights to our assets upon liquidation
 the right to receive dividends before dividends are declared to holders of
our common stock and the right to the redemption of such preferred shares
 together with a premium
 prior to the redemption
of the common stock. To the extent that we do issue such additional shares of preferred stock
 the rights of holders of
common stock could be impaired thereby
 including
 without limitation
 dilution of their ownership interests in us. In
addition
 shares of preferred stock could be issued with terms calculated to delay or prevent a change in control or make
removal of management more difficult
 which may not be in the interest of holders of common stock. To date
 our investors in
the Series A Preferred Convertible Preferred Stock have waived their dividends which we were obligated to pay to them. There
is no guarantee going forward that they will waive these dividends in the future. If so
 the number of shares issued may be
materially dilute your investment.

A substantial number of our shares are available for sale
in the public market
 and sales of those shares could adversely affect our stock price and our ability to obtain financing.


of common stock into the public market
 or the perception that such sales could occur
 could substantially reduce our stock price
in the public market for our common stock and could impair our ability to obtain capital through a subsequent financing of our
securities. We have 1
161
193
362 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 31
 2015 of which 1
161
162
792 shares are held
by non-affiliates. Further
 we have outstanding convertible notes in the face value of $6
208
842 (excludes ABH notes) which may
be converted into 388
227
593 shares of common stock at a maximum conversion price of $.02. Generally
 the holders of the securities
convertible or exercisable into our common stock may be able to sell the common stock issued upon conversion or exercise after
a six month holding period under Rule 144 adopted under the Securities Act of 1933 (as amended
 the &ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo;).
As such
 you should expect a significant number of such shares of common stock to be sold. Depending upon market liquidity at the
time our common stock is resold by the holders thereof
 such re-sales could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline.
In addition
 the sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock
 an anticipation of such sales
 could make it more
difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and at a price that we might otherwise wish
to effect sales.




material effect on our net sales and results of operations.




the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014 are contained on Pages F-1 to F-36 which follows.

ITEM 9 - CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE





Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures


 as
defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
 are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s rules and forms
and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


 under the
supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 of
the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of March 31
 2015. Based upon such evaluation
the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that
 as of the end of such period
 the Company&rsquo;s
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as required under Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act.



    
    


Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting


and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management
including our Chief Executive Officer
 we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
using framework similar to criteria referenced in the initial steps of the Internal Control&mdash;Integrated Framework issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;). Based on this evaluation
 management
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of the year ended March 31
 2015.


(as defined in the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board&rsquo;s Auditing Standard No.&nbsp;2)
 or a combination of significant
deficiencies
 that results in reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements
will not be prevented or detected&nbsp;on a timely basis. In its assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over
financial reporting
 management determined that there were control deficiencies as of the year ended March 31
 2015 that constituted
material weaknesses
 as described below.


noted that there may be an insufficient quantity of dedicated resources and experienced personnel involved in reviewing and designing
internal controls. As a result
 a material misstatement of the interim and annual financial statements could occur and not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis.


have an audit committee or an independent audit committee financial expert. While not being legally obligated to have an audit
committee or independent audit committee financial expert
 it is the management&rsquo;s view that to have an audit committee
 comprised
of independent board members and an independent audit committee financial expert
 is an important entity-level control over the
Company&rsquo;s financial statements. Currently
 the Board does not have sufficient independent directors to form such an audit committee.
Also
 the Board of Directors does not have an independent director with sufficient financial expertise to serve as an independent
financial expert.


the complex nature of recording derivatives and similar financial instruments
 we noted a need for increased coordination and review
of techniques and assumptions used in recording derivatives to ensure accounting in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles.


attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s
report is not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide
only management&rsquo;s report in this annual report.

Remediation Efforts to Address Deficiencies
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting


conducted of the effectiveness of our internal control over financing reporting as set forth above
 we intend to take practical
cost-effective steps in implementing internal controls
 including the following remedial measures
 some of which have already been
taken:


and potentially hiring outside consultants that are experts in designing internal controls over financial reporting based on criteria
established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by COSO.


hired an outside consultant to assist with controls over the review and application of derivatives to ensure accounting in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles.


of Directors to consider nominating an audit committee and audit committee financial expert
 which may or may not consist of independent
members as funds allow.


 we have not
hired any outside experts to design additional internal controls over financial reporting or recommended a new board director that
is a financial expert.


 no matter how well conceived
and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further
the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be
considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide
absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within the Company have been detected. Because of the
inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system
 misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting


financial reporting occurred during the quarter ended March 31
 2015
 that materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially
affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.&nbsp;








    
    





ITEM 10 &ndash; DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT


of March 31
 2014 are as follows. Our directors serve until their successors are elected and qualified.




    
    
    
    

    
    
Chairman
 Chief Executive Officer and President
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


but rejoined the Company in April 2010.&nbsp;


directors
 executive officers and significant employees follow:

 &ndash; Chairman
Chief Executive Officer and President since September
 2007


Board
 Chief Executive Officer and President.&nbsp;&nbsp;As Chief Executive Officer
 Mr. Warren provides overall company leadership
and strategy.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr. Warren also serves as a director of our wholly owned subsidiary
 Attitude Drink Company
 Inc.&nbsp;&nbsp;For
15 years from 1981 through 1996
 Mr. Warren was in the securities brokerage industry.&nbsp;&nbsp;During those years
 Mr. Warren
acted as executive officer
 principal
 securities broker and partner with brokerage firms in Florida
 most notably Kemper Financial
Companies
 Alex Brown &amp; Sons and Laffer Warren &amp; Company.&nbsp;&nbsp;From 1999 to 2007
 Mr. Warren was Chief Executive
Officer of Bravo! Brands
 Inc
 in Florida
 a public company which was a beverage brand-development company
 similar to Attitude
Drinks Incorporated. This experience in the beverage industry as well as with a public company led to the conclusion that he should
serve as a director of the Company. Mr. Warren is also the Chief Executive Officer and a director of HVWC.

 &ndash; Director
since 2007


Directors since 2007.&nbsp;&nbsp;He currently is the sole proprietor of a chain of automobile car washes in Martin County
 Florida
which he has owned over seven years.&nbsp;&nbsp;Prior to this
 he served as Chief Revenue Officer for Bravo! Brands
 Inc. for over
five years in which he led the sales team force for introduction and sales of the company&rsquo;s various developed beverage brands
and products. This expertise in the development and sales of beverage products led to the conclusion that he should serve as a
director of the Company. &nbsp;Prior to that time
 he worked for 5 years in beverage marketing research for Message Factors
 Inc.
a Memphis
 Tennessee marketing research firm.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr. Edwards has a BS degree from Florida State University in Management
and Marketing and spent 13 years in the banking industry
 leaving CitiBank to join Message Factors in 1995.

&ndash; Director
since 2007


Directors since 2007.&nbsp;&nbsp;He is a principal and majority shareholder of Buckman
 Buckman and Reid
 a licensed broker-dealer
co-founded by Mr. Buckman in 1988.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr. Buckman also joined the Board of Center for Vocational Rehabilitation (CVR) in
1994 and was a member for ten years.&nbsp;&nbsp;Presently
 Mr. Buckman is President of the Board of Directors for Asian Youth Ministries
in New Jersey. His many years of broker-dealer experience
 which provide valuable direction in the Company&rsquo;s interactions
in the securities market as well as his management and director experience
 supports his role as director of the Company.

 &ndash;Chief Financial
Officer since 2007


2007 as Chief Financial Officer.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr. Kee was previously the Chief Accounting Officer of Bravo! Brands
 Inc.&nbsp;&nbsp;He
graduated with an MBA from the University of Memphis and a BS degree in accounting from the University of Tennessee.&nbsp;&nbsp;Before
joining us
 he served for several years as CFO for Allied Interstate
 Inc. in the West Palm Beach area.&nbsp;&nbsp;Prior to that
Mr. Kee served as CFO and Treasurer for Hearx Ltd. a West Palm Beach
 Florida public company.&nbsp;&nbsp;He also served 18 years
as International Controller and Financial Director with the Holiday Inns Inc. organization in Memphis and Orlando.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr.
Kee gave his letter of resignation as CFO
 effective July 10
 2009 but rejoined the Company in April
 2010. Mr. Kee also serves
as the Chief Financial Officer of HVWC.&nbsp;

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 


Forms 3
 4 and 5 and any amendments to such forms filed pursuant to Section 16(a) during the most recent fiscal year
 there are
no late filings.



    
    





 2009
 the Board of Directors
approved and ratified a Code of Ethics that is applicable to all directors
 officers and employees.&nbsp;&nbsp;A copy of the Code
of Ethics was attached an Exhibit 14 in the Form 10-K/A-2 that was filed for the fiscal year that ended March 31
 2009.&nbsp;The
.&nbsp;&nbsp;Furthermore
 a copy of
the code is available to any person free of charge upon request by writing to our company at 11231 U.S. Highway 1
 #201
 North
Palm Beach
 Florida 33408.




directors
 we do not have a separately designated audit committee
 nominating committee
 compensation committee or a person designated
as an audit committee member financial expert.&nbsp;&nbsp;We do not have a separately designated audit committee or an audit committee
member financial expert because the cost of identifying
 interviewing
 appointing
 educating
 and compensating such persons would
outweigh the benefits to our stockholders at the present time.&nbsp;&nbsp;If we are successful in our efforts to secure additional
capital
 the resources may be available to appoint additional directors
 have a separately designated audit committee
 nominating
committee
 compensation committee and a person designated as an audit committee member financial expert. All directors participate
in nominations of directors
 and there is no formal nomination charter or policy in regard to recommendation of directors by shareholders
due to the Company&rsquo;s size and operations.






earned during the last two fiscal years by our executive officers as well as any unpaid compensation for the applicable years with
the company.&nbsp;&nbsp;Please note that the company did not have sufficient capital to make regular compensation payments to these
officers
 and unpaid amounts have been accrued and reflected as expense:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
220
373
    
    
    
    
    
5
981
226
354

    
    
    
220
373
    
    
1
350
    
    
13
459
235
182

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
173
644
    
    
    
    
    
1
685
175
329

    
    
    
173
644
    
    
4
877
    
    
6
760
185
281



 2015
 Roy Warren
 CEO
 earned a salary of $208
373 plus annual director&rsquo;s
fees of $12
000 for a total of $220
373. His base salary is accrued at the same $208
373 amount
 although there is no assurance
the Company will have sufficient capital to pay this amount. Of the total $220
373 amount
 a total amount of $95
252 has not been
paid.


 2014
Roy Warren
 CEO
 earned an income of $208
373 plus annual director&rsquo;s fees of $12
000 for a total of $220
373. His base salary
is accrued at the same $208
373 amount
 although there is no assurance the Company will have sufficient capital to pay this amount.
Of the total $220
373 amount
 a total amount of $71
079 has not been paid.


 2015
Tommy Kee
 CFO
 earned an annual base salary of $173
644 which is the same amount that is used for his accrual. There is no assurance
the Company will have sufficient capital to pay this amount. Of the total earned amount of $173
644
 a total amount of $130
519
has not been paid.


 2014
Tommy Kee
 CFO
 earned an annual base salary of $173
644 which is the same amount that is used for his accrual. There is no assurance
the Company will have sufficient capital to pay this amount. Of the total earned amount of $173
644
 a total of $125
289 has not
been paid.


grant date fair value that was computed in accordance with FASB Topic 718 for the grant of non-qualified stock options to Roy Warren
CEO and Tommy Kee
 CFO. These options were granted in September
 2013 and have an exercise price of $.004 and vest immediately
with an expiration life of five (5) years. The stock options were valued at $.0027 per stock option for Roy Warren (500
000 stock
options at $.0027 = $1
350) and the same value of $.0027 per stock option for Tommy Kee (1
806
426 stock options at $.0027 = $4
877).



    
    



or a consulting agreement. The Company intends to pay accrued but unpaid amounts either by conversions of certain past due amounts
into the Company&rsquo;s common stock and/or cash once the Company&rsquo;s fundings and financial position will allow such payments.
Since we were not able to consistently make salary payments to these two named executives
 we had to treat some of these payments
as consulting fees.


company paid medical insurance for the above named executives.

Outstanding Equity Awards at March 31
2015:




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    







    
    
    
    
    
    
    




817


817

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

317


317

    
    
    
    
    
    
    




000 stock options were granted during September
 2013.&nbsp;

11
313 stock options during December
 2011 and 1
806
426 stock options during September
 2013.&nbsp;

Series A-1 Preferred Stock during the year ended March 31
 2013.&nbsp;

was granted 500
000 non-qualified stock options at an exercise price of $.004 with an expiration date of September 16
 2018.&nbsp;

 Tommy Kee was granted
11
313 non-qualified stock options at an exercise price of $10.00 with an expiration date of December 31
 2016 and 1
806
426 non-qualified
stock options at an exercise price of $.004 with an expiration date of September 16
 2018.



    
    







    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    

000

    
    




    
    
    
    

350

    
    


    
    
    
    
    

000

    
    




    
    
    
    

350




 CEO
 is the Chairman of
the Board of Directors. His director compensation is reported in the Summary Compensation Table.


$1
000 per month for their role as directors; however
 no cash payments have been made for the year ended March 31
 2015. Roy G.
Warren is the only non-independent director. The Company intends to pay these past due amounts either by issuing shares of the
Company&rsquo;s common stock and/or cash once the Company&rsquo;s financial position will allow such payments. Total past due director
fees are $78
000 for H. John Buckman and $74
792 for Mike Edwards.


a Director
 he also is an investor and debt holder of the Company whereas the Company issued him a note payable at face value of
$55
000. He also received 22 shares of restricted stock that related to his note payable
 2 shares were issued to him in 2009 for
his Director services
 and he received 300 shares of restricted stock in November 2009 for his efforts in a financing during that
month (total of 324 restricted shares). In September
 2013
 he received 500
000 non-qualified stock options at an exercise price
of $.004 with immediate vesting. The stock options have a life of five (5) years. We recorded the value of these stock options
at $1
350 (500
000 options x $.0027 = $1
350).

In September
 2013
 Mike Edwards
received 500
000 non-qualified stock options at an exercise price of $.004 with immediate vesting. The stock options have a life
of five (5) years. We recorded the value of these stock options at $1
350 (500
000 options x $.0027 = $1
350).


ITEM 12 - SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT


ownership of our company&rsquo;s common stock as of September 25
 2015 as to:

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;each
person known to beneficially own more than 5% of our issued and outstanding common stock
each
of our directors
each
executive officer
all
directors and officers as a group


 the named beneficial
owners have direct ownership of the stock and have sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown:



    
    







    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

309
117

    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    


    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

930

    

    


    
    

    


    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

480
116

    

    


    
    

    


    
    






Ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or
investment power with respect to securities.


calculated from base of 2
330
565
835 shares of common stock outstanding at September 25
 2015 plus for each person shares subject
to convertible debt
 convertible accrued interest
 or preferred stock currently exercisable or convertible within 60 days of September
25
 2015 that are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of the person holding such convertible instrument but are not
deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person.


contractually limited to a beneficial ownership of our equity not to exceed 9.99%. Equity listed consists of common stock
 convertible
notes
 convertible accrued interest and convertible preferred stock. Alpha&rsquo;s total relates to Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock
 and Southridge&rsquo;s total relates mainly to Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and some convertible notes payable.


listed consists of common stock
 preferred stock and stock options to purchase common stock. Due to the Company&rsquo;s stockholders&rsquo;
deficit
 conversion of the Series A and A-1 convertible preferred stock cannot be converted at this time. Mr. Warren also owns
269 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock which cannot be converted 60 days from September 25
 2015 as he must hold the
preferred stock for six months of holding per Rule 144 before doing any conversions due to salary treatment. His total includes
voting rights for 2
425
586
666
 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock for 54
000
000
 common stock for 30
242 and stock options
for 500
000.&nbsp;



    
    







    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

480
116

    

    


    
    

    


    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

817

    

    


    
    

    


    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    


    

    


    
    

    


    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    


    

    


    
    

    


    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

482
934

    

    
    
    
    




Ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or
investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock subject to options currently exercisable or exercisable within
60 days of&nbsp;September 25
 2015 are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of the person holding such option or warrant
but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person.


total amount includes 30
242 shares of common stock
 500
000 non-qualified stock options and 54
000
000 shares of common stock
from the potential conversion of 9
000
000 Series A Preferred Stock and 51 shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock having voting
rights for 2
425
586
666.


1
817
739 non-qualified stock options and 2 shares of common stock. Mr. Kee also owns 371 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock which cannot be converted 60 days from September 25
 2015 as he must hold the preferred stock for six months of holding before
doing any conversions.


324 shares of common stock and 500
000 non-qualified stock options.


2 shares of common stock and 500
000 non-qualified stock options.





ITEM
13 - CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE


000
($50
000 in October 2007 and $50
000 in February 2008) to Roy Warren
 the Company&rsquo;s CEO
 an accredited investor with whom
the Company entered into subscription agreements for 10% convertible notes. Roy Warren assigned the $100
000 notes to another party.
During the quarter ended September 30
 2009
 9
000
000 shares of Series A Preferred
 convertible into 54
000
000 shares of common
stock at the option of the holder
 were granted to Roy Warren for services rendered. We recorded a non-cash expense for $1
620
000
which is based on the then market price of $0.03 per common share times the convertible stock equivalents (9
000
000 preferred
shares x 6 = 54
000
000 common stock equivalents). These shares vote with the common stock at a rate of 6 votes per share (54
000
000
total votes). During the quarter ended March
 31
 2013
 51 shares of Series A-1 Preferred
 convertible into 306 shares of common
stock at the option of the holder
 were granted to Roy Warren for services rendered. We recorded a non-cash expense for $0.09 which
is based on the then market price of $0.0003 per common share times the convertible stock equivalents (51 preferred shares x 6
= 306 common stock equivalents).



    
    



the company and is a debt holder of the company of a note payable at the face value of $55
000.&nbsp;&nbsp;He also received 21
shares of restricted stock that related to this note payable
 3 shares of restricted stock for being a Director and 300 shares
of restricted stock for his services related to a November 2009 financing (total of 324 shares of restricted stock). He also received
500
000 non-qualified stock options at an exercise price of $.004 with full vestment as the life of the stock options is five (5)
years.




directors as defined by Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act under NASDAQ rules. Roy G. Warren is not independent as he is an officer
of the Company.




 2015
 ABH was sold to HVWC.
As part of the sale
 we received 87
990
000 shares of HVWC resulting in us being the majority owner of the common shares of HVWC.
See Part 1
 Item 1 under the section of &ldquo;Recent Developments and Change in Business Model&rdquo; for more information.

ITEM 14 - PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES
AND SERVICES




ended March 31
 2015 for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the review of financial statements included
in our Form 10-Q&rsquo;s were approximately $20
000. We have accrued expected audit
fees for the year ended March 31
 2015 in the amount of $45
000.&nbsp;&nbsp;Total audit fees for the previous year ended March
31
 2014 were approximately $36
000.
















and therefore the board considers and has approval authority over all engagements of the independent auditors. All of the engagements
resulting in the fees disclosed above for fiscal 2014-2015 were approved by the Chairman of the Board prior to the engagement.



    
    





(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Form
10-K:




Item 8 of this Form 10-K:









by reference and are filed as part of this Form 10-K




    
    





    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
 Termination Agreement

    
    

    
    
 Inc. - August
 2008 and February

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
 Commencing February 1

    
    

    
    
 2013 to Secured Note Issued February 22

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    


    
    





    
    





    


    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
 2013 to Secured Note Issued February 22

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
 2013 to Secured Note Issued February 22

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
 2013 to Secured Note Issued February 22

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
 2013 to Secured Note Issued February 22

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
 2013 to Secured Note Issued February 22

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
 2013 to Secured Note Issued February 22

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
 2013 to Secured Note Issued February 22

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
 2014 to Secured Note Issued February 22

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
 2014 to Secured Note Issued February 22

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
 2014 to Secured Note Issued February 22

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    





    
    





    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
 Attitude Drinks Incorporated

    
    

    
    
    
    

    


    
    





    
    





    


    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
 Attitude Drinks Incorporated

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
 LLC May 29

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
 Vickers and Waterman dated July 29

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
 Powers

    
    

    
    

    
    

    

 Preferences and Rights of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock August 7

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    


    
    





    
    





    


    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
000
000
000 to 7
500
000

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
 Inc. to change the name to Attitude Beer

    
    

    


    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2009 as an exhibit to Form 10K (SEC Accession Number 0001213900-09-002104)

    
    
    
    


 2008 as an exhibit to Form S-1/A (SEC Accession Number 0001144204-08-021783)


 2009 as Exhibit 10.18 to Form 10-Q (SEC Accession Number 0001213900-09-0005)


 2009 as Exhibit 4.6 to Form 10-Q (SEC Accession No. 0001213900-09-003372)



    


 2010 as Exhibit 3(1)(ii) to Form 10-K (SEC Accession No. 0001213900-10-002857)



    



    



    


 2011 as an exhibit to Form 10-Q (SEC Accession No. 0001213900-11-006291)


 2012 as an exhibit to Form 10-Q (SEC Accession No. 0001213900-12-000838)



    



    


 2013 as Appendix A to Definitive 14C (SEC Accession No. 0001213900-13-000370)



    


 2013 as an exhibit to Form 10-Q (SEC Accession No. 0001213900-13-000797)


 2013 as Appendix A Definitive 14C (SEC Accession No. 0001213900-13-002476)





    
    







    



    



    


 2014 as an exhibit to Form 10-Q (SEC Accession No. 0001213900-14-001532)



    



    



    



    



    



    

    
    
    



    



    



    



    


 2015 under Harrison
 Vickers and Waterman Inc. to Form DEF 14C

    

    
    
    






required or are not applicable
 or the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements or notes described
in Item 15(a)(1) above.



    
    





Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly
authorized.




    


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated
 &nbsp;



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
        
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
        
        
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    





    
    


ATTITUDE
DRINKS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARY

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



Report of Independent Registered
    Public Accounting Firm &ndash; John Scrudato CPAs.
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Consolidated Statement of Stockholders&rsquo;
    Deficit
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    





    
    


Scrudato
&amp; Co.
 PA



REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM





Attitude Drinks Incorporated


consolidated balance sheet of Attitude Drinks Incorporated as of March 31
 2015 and 2014 and the related consolidated statements
of operations
 changes in stockholders&#8217; deficit and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our
audit.


with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.
The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.
Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test
basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the financial
statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of Attitude Drinks
Incorporated at March 31
 2015 and 2014
 and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then
ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


have been prepared assuming that Attitude Drinks Incorporated will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note
2
 the Company had an accumulated deficit at March 31
 2015
 a net loss and net cash used in operating activities for the fiscal
year then ended. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. Management&#8217;s
plans in regards to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect
the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities
that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

/s/
Scrudato &amp; Co.
 PA


 New Jersey
September 23
 2015

7
Valley View Drive Califon
 New Jersey 07830

Registered
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Firm



    
    



ATTITUDE
DRINKS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEET



    
    
March 31
 2015
    
    
March 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
233
591
    
    
    
20
615
    

    
    
    
4
478
    
    
    
1
422
    

Inventories less reserve for abandoned property of $2
339 and allowance for obsolescence of $90
000 at March 31
 2015 and allowance for obsolescence of $44
107 at March 31
 2014
    
    
112
797
    
    
    
30
090
    

    
    
    
1
150
    
    
    
2
873
    

    
    
    
352
016
    
    
    
55
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

FIXED ASSETS
 NET
    
    
1
013
141
    
    
    
25
491
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
204
059
    
    
    
    
    

Trademarks
 net
    
    
4
537
    
    
    
4
834
    

    
    
    
8
145
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
216
741
    
    
    
5
730
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
581
898
    
    
    
86
221
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
911
005
    
    
    
1
667
615
    

    
    
    
6
757
764
    
    
    
5
733
308
    

    
    
    
1
868
857
    
    
    
1
993
393
    

    
    
    
115
000
    
    
    
115
000
    

    
    
    
7
195
794
    
    
    
5
891
182
    

    
    
    
(196
499
    
    
    
(3
511
738
    

    
    
    
625
016
    
    
    
411
517
    

    
    
    
50
767
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
21
463
    
    
    
21
463
    

    
    
    
18
349
167
    
    
    
12
321
740
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
178
500
    
    
    
100
000
    

    
    
    
(3
391
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
175
109
    
    
    
100
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



20
000
000 shares authorized
 9
000
051 shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2015 and March 31
 2014
 respectively
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 par value $0.00001
 20
000
000
000 shares authorized and
1
161
193
362 and 181
714
134 shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2015 and March 31
 2014
 respectively
    
    
11
612
    
    
    
1
817
    

    
    
    
19
830
637
    
    
    
19
416
418
    

    
    
    
(36
784
717
    
    
    
(31
753
844
    

    
    
    
(16
942
378
    
    
    
(12
335
519
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
581
898
    
    
    
86
221
    


See accompanying
notes to condensed consolidated financial statements



    
    


ATTITUDE
DRINKS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES&nbsp;

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
March 31

    
    
March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
738
465
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
53
878
    
    
    
182
582
    

    
    
    
(209
908
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(154
999
    
    
    
(164
639
    

    
    
    
427
436
    
    
    
17
943
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total salaries
 taxes and employee benefits
    
    
911
012
    
    
    
883
306
    

    
    
    
322
462
    
    
    
312
500
    

    
    
    
351
583
    
    
    
280
935
    

    
    
    
25
555
    
    
    
52
659
    

    
    
    
17
251
    
    
    
196
071
    

    
    
    
6
600
    
    
    
5
205
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
26
997
    

    
    
    
37
154
    
    
    
7
687
    

    
    
    
1
671
701
    
    
    
1
765
360
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
244
265
    
    
    
(1
747
417
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(3
759
383
    
    
    
1
535
402
    

    
    
    
(5
629
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(3
765
012
    
    
    
1
535
402
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


        
    
    
(5
009
277
    
    
    
(212
015
    

    
    
    
(21
596
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(5
030
873
    
    
    
(212
015
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


        
    
    
625
605
503
    
    
    
102
827
957
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


        
    
    
625
605
503
    
    
    
102
827
957
    


See accompanying
notes to consolidated financial statements



    
    


ATTITUDE
DRINKS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES&nbsp;

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; DEFICIT
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31
 2015 AND 2014



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 March 31
 2013
    
    
9
000
051
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
18
414
546
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
18
686
258
    
    
    
(31
541
829
    
    
    
(12
855
297
    


        
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
163
299
588
    
    
    
1
633
    
    
    
703
163
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
704
796
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
26
997
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
26
997
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(212
015
    
    
    
(212
015
    

Balance
 March 31
 2014
    
    
9
000
051
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
181
714
134
    
    
    
1
817
    
    
    
19
416
418
    
    
    
(31
753
844
    
    
    
(12
335
519
    


        
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
979
479
228
    
    
    
9
795
    
    
    
414
737
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
424
532
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(5
030
873
    
    
    
(5
030
873
    

Balance
 March 31
 2015
    
    
9
000
051
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
161
193
362
    
    
    
11
612
    
    
    
19
830
637
    
    
    
(36
784
717
    
    
    
(16
942
378
    



See accompanying
notes to consolidated financial statements



    
    



ATTITUDE
DRINKS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
March 31

    
    
March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(5
030
873
    
    
    
(212
015
    



operating activities:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
37
154
    
    
    
7
685
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
26
997
    

    
    
    
320
000
    
    
    
262
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(16
007
    

    
    
    
(185
817
    
    
    
(3
359
968
    

    
    
    
5
629
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
512
756
    
    
    
990
842
    

    
    
    
21
596
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(3
056
    
    
    
41
677
    

    
    
    
(5
526
    
    
    
27
237
    

    
    
    
(85
046
    
    
    
71
631
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
489
463
    
    
    
1
426
981
    

    
    
    
1
076
364
    
    
    
(732
940
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
023
911
    
    
    
(3
910
    

    
    
    
(24
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(207
944
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
256
355
    
    
    
(4
365
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
50
767
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
146
200
    
    
    
715
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
95
505
    

    
    
    
198
500
    
    
    
(60
000
    

    
    
    
(2
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
392
967
    
    
    
750
505
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
212
976
    
    
    
13
200
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
20
615
    
    
    
7
415
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
233
591
    
    
    
20
615
    




    
    


ATTITUDE
DRINKS INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF CASHFLOWS (CONTINUED)



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
March 31

    
    
March 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


See accompanying
notes to consolidated financial statements



    
    






Note 1 &ndash;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Organization and Nature
of Business:


 a Delaware
corporation
 and subsidiaries (&ldquo;the Company&rdquo;) are engaged in the development and sale of functional beverages
 primarily
in the United States as well as during the year ended March 31
 2015 was engaged in the development and operations of World of
Beer franchise locations
 mainly in the New England area.


March 31. Its plan of operation during the next twelve months is to focus on the non-alcoholic single serving beverage business
developing and marketing products in two fast growing segments: sports recovery and functional dairy. In addition
 ABH plans to
open new World of Beer franchise locations based on available financing capital.




 2015
 &ldquo;HVWC&rdquo;
purchased ABH by entering into a Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Purchase Agreement&rdquo;)
 with the three original shareholders
of Attitude Beer Holding Co.
 a Delaware corporation (&ldquo;ABH&rdquo;)
 namely
 the Company
 Alpha Capital Anstalt
 a company
organized under the laws of Liechtenstein (&ldquo;Alpha&rdquo;) and Tarpon Bay Partners LLC
 a Florida limited liability company
(&ldquo;Tarpon Bay&rdquo;)
 pursuant to which the shareholders sold to HVWC all of the outstanding shares of stock of ABH
 and
ABH thereupon became a wholly owned subsidiary of HVWC. In consideration for the purchase of the shares of common stock of ABH
&nbsp;HVWC
issued: (i) to Attitude Drinks
 51 shares of a newly created Series B Preferred Stock of HVWC (the &ldquo;Series B Preferred Stock&rdquo;)
and a seven year warrant (the &ldquo;B Warrant&rdquo;) to purchase 5
000
000 shares of HVWC&rsquo;s common stock
 par value $.0001
per share (the &ldquo;Common Stock&rdquo;)
 at an exercise price of $0.075 per share (subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments);
(ii) to Alpha
 a secured convertible note due April 20
 2017 (the &ldquo;Secured Convertible Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount
of $1
619
375 a seven year warrant (the &ldquo;Alpha Warrant&rdquo;)
 to purchase 1
295
500
500
 shares of HVWC&rsquo;s Common
Stock at an exercise price of $0.0025 per share (subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments)
 and an additional investment
right (&ldquo;AIR&rdquo;) to purchase up to $3
750
000 in additional notes (the &ldquo;AIR Note&rdquo;) and corresponding warrants
(&ldquo;the &ldquo;AIR Warrant&rdquo;); and (iii) to Tarpon
 a Secured Convertible Note in the principal amount of $554
792
 a
seven year warrant (the &ldquo;Tarpon Warrant&rdquo;) to purchase 443
833
333 shares of HVWC&rsquo;s Common Stock at an exercise
price of $0.0025 per share (subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments)
 and an AIR to purchase up to $1
250
000 in additional
notes and corresponding AIR Warrants.&nbsp; In addition
 Alpha acquired 32
300 shares of the HVWC&rsquo;s Series A Preferred Stock
(convertible into 32
300
000 shares of HVWC&rsquo;s Common Stock) from HVW Holdings LLC (an entity of which Mr. James Giordano
the Company&rsquo;s prior Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
 is the managing member)
 subject to the terms of
a Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Series A Purchase Agreement&rdquo;). The Company purchased 87
990
000 shares of HVWC&rsquo;s
Common Stock from HVW Holdings LLC at a price of $65
000
 subject to the terms of a Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Common Stock
Purchase Agreement&rdquo;). The Alpha Warrant and the Tarpon Warrant are collectively referred to herein as the &ldquo;A Warrants&rdquo;
and the B Warrant and the A Warrants are collectively referred to herein as the &ldquo;Warrants.&rdquo;&nbsp;

In
December 2014
 ABH entered into a joint venture with New England World of Beer and together opened a 4
000 sq. foot tavern in West
Hartford (&ldquo;West Hartford WOB&rdquo;)
 Connecticut that sells a selection of over 500 craft and imported beers along with
tavern food and other spirits and cocktails. New England World of Beer holds franchise rights for all of Connecticut and Massachusetts.
Similar taverns are currently open in 20 states
 namely AL
 AZ
 CO
 CT
 FL
 GA
 IL
 LA
 MD
 MI
 NC
 NJ
 NY
 OH
 SC
 TN
 TX
 VA
WA and W

Note 2 - &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Going Concern and Management&rsquo;s
Plans:


financial statements
 the Company has incurred accumulated operating losses of $36
784
717 and negative cash flows from operations
and has a significant working capital deficiency in the amount of $16
942
378 at March 31
 2015. The Company has been dependent
upon third party financing and will continue to depend on additional financing for at least the next twelve months. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern.



    
    


Note 2 - &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Going Concern and Management&rsquo;s
Plans (continued):


 the Company plans to
file a registration statement to provide working capital as needed to increase operations and sales efficiencies through the
need to implement sales and marketing programs to increase awareness of the Company&rsquo;s products as well as to pay for
slotting fees for certain retail channels of revenues. The Company plans to increase its sales
 primarily by significantly
increasing its sales force and partnering with new distributors
 as well as offering new products in the next twelve months.
The Company&rsquo;s margins are expected to improve as a result of increased sales
 expected economies of scale due to
anticipated lower product costs based on increased volumes per production run and lower transportation costs from the
expected shipment of full truck loads. However
 the Company will work to reduce its dependency on third party financing
during the next twelve months. There is no assurance that further funding will be available at acceptable terms
 if at all
or that the Company will be able to achieve profitability. Ultimately
 the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going
concern is dependent upon the achievement of profitable operations. The accompanying financial statements do not reflect any
adjustments that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty.



(a) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Principles
of Consolidation:


statements include the accounts of Attitude Drinks Incorporated and its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Attitude Drink Company
 Inc.
and majority owned subsidiary
 Attitude Beer Holding Co. All material intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated
as well as the recording of applicable minority interest transactions to eliminate minority ownerships implications including consolidation
adjustments.




in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The most
significant estimate included in the Company&rsquo;s financial statements is the following: Fair value of the Company&rsquo;s financial
instruments that are required to be carried at fair value. The Company uses all available information and appropriate techniques
to develop its estimates
 including the use of outside consultants. However
 actual results could differ from the Company&rsquo;s
estimates.

(c)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Business
Segment and Geographic Information:


industry segment that it has defined as the sports-recovery drink industry. However
 its next two products will enter into the
functional milk category. Presently
 there is no international business
 although the Company may pursue the sale of its products
in international markets during the next fiscal year. In addition
 the Company&rsquo;s subsidiary at the time opened its first
World of Beer franchise location in Connecticut in late January
 2015
 and ABH plans to open additional locations in the New England
areas based on available financing capital.




investments purchased with a remaining maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.




 which consist of finished
goods and raw materials
 are stated at the lower of cost on the first in
 first-out method or market. Further
 the Company&rsquo;s
inventories are perishable. The Company estimates for each fiscal quarter any unsalable inventory reserves based upon a specific
identification basis. The components of inventories as of March 31
 2015 and March 31
 2014 are below:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
March 31
 2015
    
    
March 31
 2014
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    



Note 3 - &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Significant Accounting Policies
(continued):




is computed using the straight-line method over a period of ten years for furniture and certain bar equipment
 three years for
corporate computer equipment and purchased software plus five years for World of Beer computer and point of sale systems. Maintenance
repairs and minor renewals are charged directly to expenses as incurred. Additions and betterments to property and equipment are
capitalized. When assets are disposed of
 the related cost and accumulated depreciation thereon are removed from the accounts
and any resulting gain or loss is included in the statement of operations. Leasehold improvements for the World of Beer location
are depreciated over the life of the lease or twenty years. See footnote 4 for more details.

(g)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9; Capitalized Pre-Opening Expenses
&ndash; World of Beer &#9;


franchise fees
 interest
 legal costs
 startup and organization costs are recorded as long term assets and are amortized over
fifteen years unless certain capitalized costs have a shorter life period to amortize. Any incurred costs that are at best uncertain
and fail to satisfy the suggested measurability test for accounting recognition as an asset are expensed.&nbsp;&nbsp;


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    




885
and $0 for the years ended March 31
 2015 and March 31
 2014
 respectively.




Trademarks are being amortized on a straight-line basis over fifteen years. The following table summarizes the components





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
March 31
 2015
    
March 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    




$407 for the years ended March 31
 2015 and March 31
 2014
 respectively.




principally of trademarks
 furniture and equipment. We evaluate the carrying value and recoverability of our long-lived
assets when circumstances warrant such evaluation by applying the provisions of the FASB Accounting Standards
which requires that long-lived assets be reviewed for impairment whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable through the estimated
undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets. Whenever any such impairment
exists
 an impairment loss will be recognized for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value. See the note
above (g) for further explanation.


    
    



Note 3 - &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Significant Accounting Policies
(continued):




 as defined in the
FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 consist of cash
 evidence of ownership in an entity and contracts that both (i) impose
on one entity a contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial instrument to a second entity
 or to exchange other
financial instruments on potentially unfavorable terms with the second entity
 and (ii) conveys to that second entity a contractual
right (a) to receive cash or another financial instrument from the first entity
 or (b) to exchange other financial instruments
on potentially favorable terms with the first entity. Accordingly
 our financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents
accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 notes payable
 derivative financial instruments
 convertible debt and
redeemable preferred stock that we have concluded the notes payable and derivative financial instruments are more akin to debt
than equity.


 as defined
in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 consist of financial instruments or other contracts that contain a notional amount
and one or more underlying (e.g. interest rate
 security price or other variable)
 require no initial net investment and permit
net settlement. Derivative financial instruments may be free-standing or embedded in other financial instruments. Further
 prior
to February 21
 2013
 derivative financial instruments were measured at fair value and recorded as liabilities or
 in rare instances
assets. Fair value represents the price at which the property would change hands between a hypothetical willing and able buyer
and a hypothetical willing and able seller acting at arm&rsquo;s length in an open and unrestricted market
 when neither is under
compulsion to buy or sell and when both have reasonable knowledge of the relevant facts.


instruments to hedge exposures to cash-flow
 market or foreign-currency risks. However
 we have entered into certain other financial
instruments and contracts
 such as debt financing arrangements
 redeemable preferred stock arrangements and freestanding warrants
with features that are either (i) not afforded equity classification
 (ii) embody risks not clearly and closely related to host
contracts
 or (iii) may be net-cash settled by the counterparty. As required by the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 these
instruments
 prior to February 21
 2013
 were required to be carried as derivative liabilities
 at fair value
 in our financial
statements as we were allowed to elect fair value measurement of the hybrid financial instruments
 on a case-by-case basis
 rather
than bifurcate the derivative. We believed that fair value measurement of the various hybrid convertible promissory notes financing
arrangements prior to February 21
 2013 provided a more meaningful presentation of that financial instrument.


Our financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses. We
believe that the carrying amounts of the financial instruments approximate their respective current fair values due to their relatively
short maturities.




Value Measurements and Disclosures Topic of the FASB Codification
 the Company&rsquo;s financial assets and liabilities measured
at fair value on a recurring basis are classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories:


instruments with unadjusted quoted prices listed on active market exchanges.


lacking unadjusted
 quoted prices from active market exchanges
 including over the counter traded financial instruments. The prices
for the financial instruments are determined using prices for recently traded financial instruments with similar underlying terms
as well as directly or indirectly observable inputs
 such as interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted
intervals.


instruments that are not actively traded on a market exchange. This category includes situations where there is little
 if any
market activity for the financial instrument. The prices are determined using significant unobservable inputs or valuation techniques.


Level 1 measurements for all periods presented. We do not have any financial instruments classified as Level 2. We have recorded
a conversion feature liability in regards to a convertible note issued in the twelve months ended March 31
 2015
 which are Level
3 and are further described below in note 6.


inventory
 and accounts payable and accrued expense at historical cost which approximates the fair value because of the short-term
nature of these instruments.



    
    











in accordance with the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Revenue is recognized when there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement
delivery has occurred or services have been rendered
 the sales price is determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured.
Revenues are recognized pursuant to formal revenue arrangements with the Company&rsquo;s customers
 at contracted prices
 when
the Company&rsquo;s product is delivered to their premises
 and collectability is reasonably assured. The Company extends merchantability
warranties to its customers on its products but otherwise does not afford its customers with rights of return. Warranty costs have
been insignificant to date. In determining revenue recognition for products shipped to this customer
 the Company follows the guidance
in ASC 605
 &ldquo;Revenue Recognition&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASC 605&rdquo;).


often provide for industry-standard slotting fees where the Company makes cash payments to the respective customer to obtain rights
to place the Company&rsquo;s products on their retail shelves for a stipulated period of time. We did record slotting fees for
$ 0 and $875 for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 which are recorded as reductions to the reported revenues.
The Company also engages in other promotional discount and complimentary programs in order to enhance its sales activities. The
Company believes its participation in these arrangements is essential to ensuring continued volume and revenue growth in the competitive
marketplace. These payments
 discounts
 allowances and complimentary products are recorded as reductions to the Company&rsquo;s
reported revenue and were $17
631 and $8.002 for the year ended March 31
 2015 and March 31
 2014 respectively.






deliver products to our customers are included as a component of cost of sales. These costs amounted to $6
989 and $22
119 for
the year ended March 31
 2015 and March 31
 2014
 respectively.






for income taxes. Under the liability method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between
the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of the assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates and laws
that will be in effect
 when the differences are expected to reverse. An allowance against deferred tax assets is recognized
 when
it is more likely than not
 that such tax benefits will not be realized. We have recorded a 100% valuation allowance against net
deferred tax assets due to uncertainty of their realization. The Company&rsquo;s open tax years are from 2009 through 2015.


penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. For the year ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 we had no accrued interest
or penalties related to income taxes. We currently have no federal or state tax examinations in progress.






by dividing loss applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the reporting
period. Diluted loss per common share is computed similar to basic loss per common share except that diluted loss per common share
includes dilutive common stock equivalents
 using the treasury stock method
 and assumes that the convertible debt instruments
were converted into common stock upon issuance
 if dilutive. For the year ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 potential
common shares arising from the our stock warrants
 stock options
 convertible preferred stock and convertible debt and accrued
interest payable amounted to 18
770
207
129 shares for 2015 and 5
724
704
499 shares for 2014 and were not included in the computation
of diluted loss per share because their effect was anti-dilutive.






 the FASB issued the FASB Accounting
Standards Update No. 2014-09 &ldquo;


Accounting Standards Codification
 creating a new Topic 606
 The core principle of
the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an
amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.


    
    







 an entity
should apply the following steps:














Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations




Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance




that should be provided to enable financial statement users to understand the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue
recognition and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. Qualitative and quantitative information is required about the
following:


 &ndash; including revenue and impairments recognized
 disaggregation
of revenue and information about contract balances and performance obligations (including the transaction price allocated to the
remaining performance obligations)


 &ndash; determining the timing of satisfaction
of performance obligations (over time or at a point in time) and determining the transaction price and amounts allocated to performance
obligations





after December 15
 2016
 including interim reporting periods within that reporting period for all public entities. Early application
is not permitted.


recently issued but not yet effective accounting pronouncements
 if adopted
 would have a material effect on the accompanying financial
statements.


 2014
 the Financial
Accounting Standards Board issued an ASU that contained guidance for the disclosure of uncertainties about an entity&rsquo;s ability
to continue as a going concern. There is no impact on the Company through the adoption of this update as the Company has always
provided such required disclosures on doubt about the entity&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern for one year from
the date of completion of the audit..


 2014
 the
Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an ASU that contained guidance about derivatives and hedging and determining whether
the host contract in a hybrid financial instrument issued in the form of a share is more akin to debt or to equity. There are predominantly
two methods used in current practice by issuers and investors in evaluating whether the nature of the host contract within a hybrid
instrument issued in the form of a share is more akin to debt or to equity. This ASU is to eliminate the use of different methods
in practice. As the Company utilizes the services of an outside professional specialty firm for such valuations
 the Company believes
there is no change needed for this update.


 2015
 the
Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an ASU that contained guidance about Consolidation (Topic 810) and amendments to the
consolidation analysis. These provisions provide amendments to limited partnerships and similar legal entities. As ABH owns the
51% majority of the World of Beer location in West Hartford which is an LLC corporation
 the Company believes there is no change
needed for this update.






when incurred and are included in operating expenses. Advertising costs for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014 were $1
540
and $17
732
 respectively.






 the Company had
Phase III sales to one primary client that represented 93% of total revenues in the amount of $66
027. We had an outstanding receivable
balance of $3
839 from this entity at March 31
 2015. The rest of our gross sales of $753
895 originated from ABH&rsquo;s World
of Beer location in West Hartford
 Connecticut.


    
    











the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions.


parties include (a) affiliates of the Company; (b) Entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required
absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825&ndash;10&ndash;15
 to be accounted
for by the equity method by the investing entity; (c) trusts for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts
that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; (d) principal owners of the Company; (e) management of the Company;
(f) other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating
policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate
interests; and (g) Other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties
or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that
one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.


include disclosures of material related party transactions
 other than compensation arrangements
 expense allowances and other
similar items in the ordinary course of business. However
 disclosure of transactions that are eliminated in the preparation of
consolidated or combined financial statements is not required in those statements. The disclosures shall include: (a) the nature
of the relationship(s) involved; (b) a description of the transactions
 including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts
were ascribed
 for each of the periods for which income statements are presented
 and such other information deemed necessary to
an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the consolidated financial statements; (c) the dollar amounts of transactions
for each of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the
terms from that used in the preceding period; and d. amounts due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet
presented and
 if not otherwise apparent
 the terms and manner of settlement.






the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report accounting for contingencies. Certain conditions may exist as of the date
the consolidated financial statements are issued which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when
one or more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company assesses such contingent liabilities
 and such assessment inherently
involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company
or un-asserted claims that may result in such proceedings
 the Company evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings
or un-asserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein.


that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred
 and the amount of the liability can be estimated
 then the estimated
liability would be accrued in the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potentially
material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible
 or is probable but cannot be estimated
 then the nature of
the contingent liability and an estimate of the range of possible losses
 if determinable and material
 would be disclosed.


generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees in which case the guarantees would be disclosed. Management does not believe
based upon information available at this time
 that these matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated
financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. However
 there is no assurance that such matters will not materially and
adversely affect the Company&rsquo;s business
 financial position and results of operations or cash flows.


    
    







are comprised of the following as of March 31
 2015 and 2014 :




    

 2015

 2014

    
    
    

    
58
336
61
625

    
    
    

    
82
635
    

    
198
836
    

    
48
839
    

    
490
964
    

    
59
832
    

    
69
000
    

    
73
805
    

    
    
    

    
1
082
247
61
625

    
(69
106
(36
134

    
    
    

    
1
013
141
25
491


290
    




972
and $7
278 for the year ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.






as of March 31
 2015 and 2014:




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
719
785
3
261
045

    
1
846
857
1
456
904

    
580
000
580
000

    
108
640
98
000

    
242
792
206
792

    
259
690
130
567

    
    
    

    
6
757
764
5
733
308




    
    







at fair value as prescribed by the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (see Note 9 for more details). Convertible debt carrying
values consist of the following:




    
    
    

    
    





    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

5
547
372

 (1)
5
413
574
5
554
182

605
520

 2014 (b)
 (2)
605
520
400
000

37
000

 2014 (c)
 (3)
37
000
37
000

1
204
500

 2014 (d)
 (4)
1
204
500
    

35
200

 2015 (e)
 (5)
35
200
    

20
000

 2016 (f)
 (6)
20
000
    

58
500

 2017 (g)
 (7)
58
500
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
(196
499
(3
511
738

7
508
092
    
7
177
795
2
479
444




to February 21
 2013 were surrendered to the Company through a February 21
 2013 exchange agreement whereas the Company issued
new face value consolidated notes per debt holder for a total amount of $5
020
944
 $350
000 face value in new notes for the surrender
of 425
003 Class A warrants plus $121
327 in a new note for work rendered for this consolidated financing for a grand total of
$5
492
271. The principal amount of the above $5
547
372 balance equals the original $5
492
271 total financing plus allonges for
$767
500 less conversions of $712
399.


financial consulting firm of $25
000 face value for December
 2012 through March 31
 2015 for a total original amount of $700
000
less conversions of $94
480


counsel of $37
000 face value issued June 7
 2013


for $35
200 on May 13
 2014


000
on December 12
 2014 for past due services


notes issued December
 2014 through March
 2015 for financing the World of Beer franchise location in West Hartford Connecticut.


$13
500
 $13
500 and $31
500 to three different accredited investors on January 14
 2015


lattice valuation model that required the recording of a discount that will be amortized (accretion) over the life of the convertible
notes payable.


new language as compared to the previous notes
 we needed to use a different valuation model for applicable valuations
 derivatives
and fair market value. In order to determine the fair market value
 we analyzed the various securities agreements and exchange
agreements
 compared the Company to comparable companies to determine industry factors for volatility
 growth and future financing
developed a lattice model that valued the convertible notes on a probability weighted scenario model as well as future projections
of the various potential outcomes and valued the convertible notes at issuance and at the end of the reporting period to account
for the derivative liability. Based on our analysis in determining the proper accounting treatment and valuation as set forth in
the Statement of Financial Accounting Standard ASC 820-10-35-37 (Fair Value in Financial Instruments)
 Statement of Financial Accounting
Standard ASC 815 (Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities)
 Emerging Issues Task (&ldquo;EITF&rdquo;) For
Issue No. 00-10 and EITF 07-05
 the embedded derivatives are bundled and valued as a single
 compound embedded derivative
 bifurcated
from the debt host and treated as a liability. The single compound embedded derivative features valued include the variable conversion
feature
 and the value of these embedded derivatives for the convertible notes is treated as a liability. These derivative liabilities
are marked-to-market each quarter with the change in fair value recorded in the Statement of Operations.


    
    


Note
6 &ndash; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Convertible Notes Payable (continued):&nbsp;

Long-term
Convertible Debt Maturities:

Annual maturities
of long-term outstanding convertible debt (face value) as of March 31
 2015 are as follows:&nbsp;


    
    

    
Face
                                         Value

Years
                                         ending March 31

$
                                         Amount

    
5
695
142

    
335
200

    
70
000

    
108
500

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
6
208
842



&#9;February
21
 2013 Consolidated Convertible Notes

On February
21
 2013
 all previous convertible notes payable with outstanding balances totaling $5
020
944 were surrendered by the debt holders
to the Company through exchange agreements whereas the Company issued one consolidated note to each debt holder for the total
outstanding convertible note amounts. In addition and on the same date
 all outstanding Class A warrants associated with these
convertible note payables totaling 425
003 Class A warrants were surrendered by the debt holders to the Company in which the Company
issued additional convertible notes payable for the total amount of $350
000. All applicable 364 Class B warrants were cancelled
as well. Both the surrendered convertible notes payable for $5
020
944 and warrants for $350
000 were combined into one new convertible
note payable per debt holder for a grand total of $5
370
944. All of these consolidated notes contain the same terms
 maturity
dates and conversion criteria and replace all terms
 conditions and conversion criteria contained in the surrendered notes. These
notes have a maturity date of February 21
 2015 and an interest rate of 4%. They are in default. The Company is working with each
debt holder to extend the maturity date as well as implementing in 2015 a debt restructuring program to address such issues. The
conversion price per share is equal to seventy-five percent (75%) of the average of the three lowest closing bid prices for the
Common stock as reported by Bloomberg L.P. for the principal market for the twenty trading days preceding a conversion date but
in no event greater than $10.00. Each conversion submitted by a holder must be at least the lesser of (i) $10
000 of principal
and interest or (ii) the balance due on the note. In addition
 another new convertible note was issued for $121
327 to one of
the accredited debt holders for their efforts in assisting the Company with these consolidated notes
 warrants and modifications.
The amount was determined at 5% of the then outstanding balance of all the convertible notes payable held by the debt holder.
This note is identical to the above notes for the terms
 conversion criteria and maturity date. No accrued interest payable amounts
were added to these new notes. A total of $806.879 in principal and $193.214 in accrued interest were converted into shares of
common stock from February 21
 2013 through March 31
 2015. In addition
 additional allonge financings were added as follows:



    
    



Note
6 &ndash; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Convertible Notes Payable (continued):&nbsp;



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;TABLE FOR
    ADDED ALLONGES
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;71
500
    

    
    
    
    
    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;88
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;88
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;82
500
    

    
    
    
    
    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;110
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;110
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;55
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;55
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;55
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;27
500
    

    
    
    
    
    
25
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
767
500
    


Southridge
Partners II LP purchased from another debt- holder $100
000 on April 9
 2013 and another $100
000 on June 5
 2013 from these February
21
 2013 notes. These new replacement notes contain the same terms as in the February 21
 2013 consolidated convertible notes.
The entire total of $100
000 was converted from the original $100
000 balance
 and $2
960 in conversions were made on the second
$100
000 note for an outstanding remaining amount of $97
040.


(b) Monthly
                                         $25
000 Retainer Fee Convertible Notes

We issue
each month a convertible note for $25
000 to SC Advisors as part of their consulting fees. Previously issued convertible notes
from August
 2012 through November
 2012 were consolidated in the above February 21
 2013 convertible note. From December
 2012
through March
 2015
 we issued $25
000 monthly convertible notes for a total of $700
000. All of these notes have maturity dates
from December 31
 2014 to July 31
 2015. The Company is working with the debt holder to extend the maturity dates of these convertible
notes. The notes can be converted into shares of Common Stock six months after issuance at a conversion price to equal the current
market price multiplied by eighty percent (80%). Current market price means the average of the closing bid prices for the common
stock for the five (5) trading days ending on the trading day immediately before the relevant conversion date. Total conversions
of $94
480 have been made for these convertible notes.

(c) June
7
 2013 Convertible Note 

We issued
a $37
000 convertible note on June 7
 2013 for past due services. The maturity date of this note is June 7
 2014 and the note
is in default. The Company is working with the debt holder to extend the maturity date of this convertible note. The note maybe
converted into shares of common stock after a six month holding period at a conversion price to equal the current market price
multiplied by eighty percent (80%). Current market price means the average of the closing bid prices for the common stock for
the five (5) trading days ending on the trading day immediately before the relevant conversion date. No conversions have been
made on these notes.

(d) May
13
 2014 Convertible Note

We issued
a convertible promissory note to a new accredited investor for $35
200 with a maturity date of May 13
 2015 at an interest rate
of 4%. The conversion price per share is equal to seventy-five percent (75%) of the average of the three lowest closing bid prices
for the common stock as reported by Bloomberg L.P. for the principal market for the twenty trading days preceding a conversion
date but in no event greater than $.02. Each conversion submitted by the holder must be at least the lesser of (i) $1
000 of principal
and interest or (ii) the balance due on the note. Conversion will be calculated to the hundredth of a penny (e.g. $0.0001).


    
    


Note
6 &ndash; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Convertible Notes Payable (continued):

(e) December
19
 2014 Convertible Note

We issued
a convertible promissory note for past due services to an accredited investor for $20
000 with a maturity date of December 22
2016 at an interest rate of 10%. The conversion price per share is equal to seventy-five percent (75%) of the average of the three
lowest closing bid prices for the common stock as reported by Bloomberg L.P. for the principal market for the ten trading days
preceding a conversion date but in no event greater than $.02. Debt holder is limited to conversions up to 4.99% of the outstanding
shares of the Common Stock.

(f) December
2014 through March
 2015 Installment Convertible Notes

ABH issued
convertible notes to two accredited investors for the purchase of the World of Beer franchise location in West Hartford
 Connecticut
as follows: December 24
 2014 for a total of $337
250; January 23
 2015 for a total of $300
000; February 24
 2015 for a total
of $300
000; and March 24
 2015 for a total of $267
250 for a grand total of $1
204
500. All notes have the same maturity date
of March 24
 2015 with an interest rate of 10%. The conversion price for the principal and interest shall be either: (i) if ABH&rsquo;s
common stock is traded on a trading market
 the conversion price shall be 50% of the lowest bid price for the previous 50 trading
days; (ii) if ABH&rsquo;s common stock is traded on a trading market
 and there is a DTC chill on ABH&rsquo;s common stock
 the
conversion price shall be 60% of the lowest bid price for the previous 50 trading days; or (iii) if ABH&rsquo;s common stock is
not traded on a trading market
 it shall be $0.40. Debt holder is limited to conversions up to 4.99% of the outstanding shares
of the Common Stock. There have been no conversions of these convertible notes.

(g) January
14
 2015 convertible note

On January
14
 2015
 we issued three (3) convertible notes for $13
500
 $13
500 and $31
500 for a total of $58
500. All notes have the same
maturity date of January 14
 2017 and the same interest rate of ten percent (10%). All three notes contain the same conversion
language as follows: the conversion price per share shall be equal to seventy-five (75%) of the average of the three lowest closing
bid prices for the Common Stock as reported by Bloomberg L.P. for the principal market for the ten trading days preceding a conversion
date but in no event greater than $.02. There have been no conversions of these convertible notes.

Note
7 &ndash; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Short Term Bridge Loans:

Summary
of short-term bridge loan balances is as follows:&nbsp;


    
    
    

    
March 31
 2015
    
    
March 31
 2014
    

    
    
    

April
                                         14
 2008 (a)
60
000
60
000

August
                                         5
 2008 (b)
55
000
55
000

    
    
    

    
115
000
115
000


April 14
 2008 financing

(a) On April
14
 2008
 the Company entered into a financing arrangement that provided for the issuance of a $60
000 face value short-term bridge
loan note payable due July 15
 2008. There are no outstanding warrants associated with this financing as the expiration dates
have expired.



    
    


Note
7 &ndash; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Short Term Bridge Loans (continued):

We entered into the following
Modification and Waiver Agreements related to the April 14
 2008 financing:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Extend maturity to July 19
 2008
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Extend maturity to December 15
 2008
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Extend maturity date to April 30
 2009
    
1) Warrants indexed to
12 shares of common stock (warrants have expired)&nbsp;
2)12 shares of restricted
stock&nbsp;


The modifications
resulted in a loss on extinguishment of $171
622 in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Codification. On December
15
 2008
 the Company was in default on the notes for non-payment of the required principal payment. The remedy for event of default
was acceleration of principal and interest so they were recorded at face value. As of March 31
 2013
 this April 14
 2008 note
was considered in default for non-payment. The Company is trying to find the debt holder to extend the due date of the note as
the previous address is no longer valid.

August
5
 2008 financing

(b) On August
5
 2008
 the Company entered into a financing arrangement that provided for the issuance of a $55
000 face value short term bridge
loan
 due September 5
 2008. There are no outstanding warrants associated with this financing as the expiration dates have expired.
The due date of the loan was extended to December 15
 2008 with 11 restricted shares of common stock issued as consideration.
On December 15
 2008
 the Company was in default on the notes for non-payment of the required principal payment. Remedies for
an event of default are acceleration of principal and interest. There were no incremental penalties for the event of default;
however the notes were recorded at face value. Remedies for an event of default are acceleration of principal and interest.

On January
15
 2009
 the Company extended the term on the note from December 15
 2008 to April 30
 2009. As of December 31
 2012
 this note
was considered in default for non-payment. The debt holder is a board director and will extend the note once we locate the debt
holder of the above April 14
 2008 debt.

Note
8 -&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Non-convertible Notes Payable:

For the
period ended March 31
 2011
 we paid $23
750 as part of a promissory note in the total principal amount of $34
000 as a final
settlement amount for a previous license agreement. The remaining amount due of $10
250 was required to be settled through monthly
payments of $4
250 through December
 2010. We have not made any more payments and plan to address these payments as soon as practical.

On
January 26
 2011
 we entered into a promissory note with our previous landlord in the principal amount of $75
762. This
amount was due June 30
 2011 together with interest of 10% computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed over a
360-day year on the unpaid balance. The default rate is a per annum interest rate equal to the maximum amount permitted by
applicable law as we currently use 15%. Although we have not paid this note yet
 we anticipate making a payment pending a
future financing. On October 12
 2012
 the previous landlord sold $20
000 of the promissory note to another accredited
investor resulting in an outstanding amount of $55
762. The sold $20
000 note has since been fully converted into shares of
common stock.

On June
14
 2012
 we entered into two promissory notes for $100
000 and $40
000
 respectively
 with two current accredited investors.
These notes are subject to an interest rate of ten percent (10%) and are due the sooner of (i) October 14
 2012 or (ii) from the
proceeds of the next funding. We received the $100
000 payment on June 27
 2012 and the $40
000 payment on July 9
 2012. The amounts
are still outstanding
 and we accrue interest at the default interest rate of 18%. We expect to convert these notes into convertible
notes payable later in 2015.


    
    



Note
8 -&#9;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Non-convertible Notes Payable (continued):

On June
26
 2012
 we entered into a promissory note of $110
000 with a current accredited investor. We agreed to pay a finder&rsquo;s
fee of $10
000
 and we received the net proceeds of $100
000 on June 28
 2012. The note is subject to an interest rate of ten percent
(10%) and is due the sooner of (i) October 14
 2012 or (ii) from the proceeds of the next funding. The amount is still outstanding
and we accrue interest at the default interest rate of 18%. We expect to convert this note into convertible notes payable later
in 2015.

On December
23
 2013
 we entered into promissory notes with four current investors in the total principal amount of $45
505. These amounts
are due December 31
 2014 and are not subject to any interest rates. These notes are exchangeable for equal aggregate amounts
of notes of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the holder surrendering the same.

On March
24
 2014
 we entered into promissory notes with three current investors in the total principal amount of $50
000. These amounts
are due February 28
 2015 and are not subject to any interest rates. These notes are exchangeable for equal aggregate amounts
of notes of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the holder surrendering the same.

On April
30
 2014
 we entered into a promissory note with one current investor in the total principal amount of $12
000. This amount is
due March 31
 2015 and is not subject to any interest rates. This note is exchangeable for equal aggregate amounts of notes of
different authorized denominations
 as requested by the holder surrendering the same.

On June
11
 2014
 we entered into promissory notes with four current investors in the total principal amount of $40
000. These amounts
are due February 28
 2015 and are not subject to any interest rates. These notes are exchangeable for equal aggregate amounts
of notes of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the holder surrendering the same.

On July
31
 2014
 we entered into a promissory note with a current investor in the total principal amount of $15
000. This amount is due
May 31
 2015 and is not subject to any interest rates. This note is exchangeable for equal aggregate amounts of notes of different
authorized denominations
 as requested by the holder surrendering the same.

On August
21
 2014
 we entered into a promissory note with a current investor in the total principal amount of $10
000. This amount is due
August 21
 2015 and is not subject to any interest rates. This note is exchangeable for equal aggregate amounts of notes of different
authorized denominations
 as requested by the holder surrendering the same.

On August
29
 2014
 we entered into a promissory note with a current investor in the total principal amount of $10
000. This amount is due
August 31
 2015 and is not subject to any interest rates. This note is exchangeable for equal aggregate amounts of notes of different
authorized denominations
 as requested by the holder surrendering the same.

On September
17 and 30
 2014
 we entered into promissory notes with two current investors in the total principal amount of $40
000. These amounts
are due as follows: $10
000 due September 30
 2015
 $15
000 due August 31
 2015 and $15
000 due September 30
 2015 and are not
subject to any interest rates. These notes are exchangeable for equal aggregate amounts of notes of different authorized denominations
as requested by the holder surrendering the same. .

On November
19
 2014
 we entered into a promissory note with a current investor in the total principal amount of $10
000 with a maturity date
of November 30
 2015 at no interest. This note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate amount of notes of different authorized
denominations
 as requested by the holder surrendering the same.

On November
19
 2014
 we entered into a promissory note with a current investor in the total principal amount of $31
500 with a maturity date
of December 19
 2015 at no interest. This note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate amount of notes of different authorized
denominations
 as requested by the holder surrendering the same.

On March
5
 2015
 we entered into a promissory note with a current investor in the total principal amount of $7
500 with a maturity date
of March 5
 2016 at no interest. This note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate amount of notes of different authorized denominations
as requested by the holder surrendering the same.

On March
13
 2015
 we entered into a promissory note with a current investor in the total principal amount of $7
500 with a maturity date
of March 13
 2016 at no interest. This note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate amount of notes of different authorized denominations
as requested by the holder surrendering the same.

On March
19
 2015
 we entered into a promissory note with a current investor in the total principal amount of $7
500 with a maturity date
of March 19
 2016 at no interest. This note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate amount of notes of different authorized denominations
as requested by the holder surrendering the same.



    
    



Note
8 -&#9; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Non-convertible Notes Payable (continued):

On March
27
 2015
 we entered into a promissory note with a current investor in the total principal amount of $7
500 with a maturity date
of March 26
 2016 at no interest. This note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate amount of notes of different authorized denominations
as requested by the holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be made for such registration or transfer or exchange

Note
9 &ndash; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Derivative Liabilities:





ASC 820
&ldquo;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
&rdquo; establishes a valuation hierarchy for disclosure of the inputs to valuation
used to measure fair value. This hierarchy prioritizes the inputs into three broad levels as follows. Level 1 inputs are quoted
prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 inputs are quoted prices for similar assets
and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly through
market corroboration
 for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs based
on the Company&rsquo;s own assumptions used to measure assets and liabilities at fair value. A financial asset or liability&rsquo;s
classification within the hierarchy is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement.&nbsp;

The following
table provides the liabilities carried at fair value measured on a recurring basis as of March 31
 2015:&nbsp;



    
    
    
    
    
Fair
    Value Measurements at March 31
 2015
    

    
    
    
    
    
March 31
 2015
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
868
857
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
868
857
    


The carrying
amounts of cash
 accounts receivable
 prepaid expenses
 accounts payable
 and accrued liabilities approximate their fair value
due to their short maturities. The Company measures the fair value of financial assets and liabilities based on the exchange price
that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market
for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The Company maximizes
the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value.

Level 3
liabilities are valued using unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of the fair
value of the derivative liabilities. For fair value measurements categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy
 the Company&rsquo;s
accounting department
 who reports to the Principal Financial Officer
 determines its valuation policies and procedures. The development
and determination of the unobservable inputs for Level 3 fair value measurements and fair value calculations are the responsibility
of the Company&rsquo;s accounting department and are approved by the Principal Financial Officer.

Level
3 Valuation Techniques

Level 3
financial liabilities consist of the conversion feature liability for which there is no current market for these securities such
that the determination of fair value requires significant judgment or estimation. Changes in fair value measurements categorized
within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are analyzed each period based on changes in estimates or assumptions and recorded
as appropriate. A significant decrease in the volatility or a significant decrease in the Company&rsquo;s stock price
 in isolation
would result in a significantly lower fair value measurement.

As of March
31
 2015
 there were no transfers in or out of level 3 from other levels in the fair value hierarchy. Starting with the consolidated
convertible notes payable as of February 21
 2013
 we used a new lattice valuation model which required the embedded derivatives
to be bundled and valued as a single compound embedded derivative
 bifurcated from the debt host and treated as a liability at
fair value.


    
    


Note
10 &ndash; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Transactions with Related Parties:

In connection
with the reverse merger (see Note 1)
 we assumed $47
963 in advances payable to the officers of MHHI in which we paid $1
500 in
January
 2009 and issued 50 shares of common at $500.00 per share or $25
000
 resulting in an outstanding balance of $21
463 that
is due. These advances are non-interest bearing and payable upon demand.

During the
quarter ended September 30
 2009
 9
000
000 shares of Series A Preferred
 convertible into 54
000
000 shares of common stock at
the option of the holder
 were granted to Roy Warren (see Note 11). During the quarter ended March
 31
 2013
 51 shares of Series
A-1 Preferred
 convertible into 306 shares of common stock at the option of the holder
 were granted to Roy Warren for services
rendered (see Note 11(a)).

H. John
Buckman is a board director of the company and is a debt holder of the company whereas the Company issued him a note payable at
the face value of $55
000. He also received 22 shares of restricted stock that related to this note payable
 3 shares of restricted
stock for being a Director and 300 shares of restricted stock for his services related to a November
 2009 financing (total of
324 shares of restricted stock).

Note
11 &ndash; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit:

Series
A Preferred Stock


authorize the issuance of 20
000
000 shares of preferred stock which the Company has designated as Series A Preferred (&ldquo;Series
A&rdquo; and &ldquo;Series A-1&rdquo;)
 $.00001 par value.&nbsp;&nbsp;Each share of Series A and A-1 is convertible into six shares
of the Company&rsquo;s common stock for a period of five years from the date of issue.&nbsp;&nbsp;The conversion basis is not
adjusted for any stock split or combination of the common stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;Inasmuch as the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
has been outstanding for in excess of five years
 it no longer has the right to convert into six shares of common stock for each
one share of preferred stock. The Company must at all times have sufficient common shares reserved to effect the conversion of
all outstanding Series A and A-1 Preferred. The holders of the Series A and A-1 Preferred are entitled to receive common stock
dividends when
 as
 if and in the amount declared by the directors of the Company to be in cash or in market value of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company is restricted from paying dividends or making distributions on its common stock without the
approval of a majority of the Series A and A-1 holders.&nbsp;The Series A and A-1 are senior to the Common Stock and any other
series or class of the Company&rsquo;s Preferred Stock. The Series A and A-1 has liquidation rights in the event of any liquidation
dissolution
 or winding up of the Company
 whether voluntary or involuntary
 the holders of the Series A and A-1 then outstanding
shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company available for distribution to its shareholders
 before any payment
or declaration and setting apart for payment of any amount shall be made in respect of any outstanding capital stock of the Company
an amount equal to $.00001 per share
 The Company
 at the option of its directors
 may at any time or from time to time redeem
the whole or any part of the outstanding Series A. Upon redemption
 the Company shall pay for each share redeemed the amount of
$2.00 per share
 payable in cash
 plus a premium to compensate the original purchaser(s) for the investment risk and cost of capital
equal to the greater of (a) $2.00 per share
 or (b) an amount per share equal to fifty percent (50%) of the market capitalization
of the Company on the date of notice of such redemption divided by 2
000
000. We have evaluated our Series A Preferred Stock and
determined these shares required equity classification because the number of shares convertible into common stock is fixed and
reserved. Redemption of these preferred shares cannot be affected because of the Company&rsquo;s stockholders&rsquo; deficit.&nbsp;


During
the quarter ended September 30
 2009
 9
000
000 shares of Series A Preferred were granted to Roy Warren. We recorded a non-cash
expense for $1
620
000 which is based on the then market price of $0.03 per common share times the convertible stock equivalents
(9
000
000 preferred shares x 6 = 54
000
000 common stock equivalents). These shares have specific voting power in that Roy Warren
has voting rights for the 54
000
000 common stock equivalents. The Board of Directors on September 4
 2009 approved
an amendment whereas Section 2(A) of the Certificate of Designation is hereby declared in its entirety
 and the following shall
be substituted in lieu thereof-Rights
 Powers and Preferences: The Series A have the voting powers
 preferences and relative
participating
 optional and other special rights
 qualifications
 limitations and restrictions as follows: Designation and Amount
&ndash; Out of the Twenty Million (20
000
000) shares of the $0.00001 par value authorized preferred stock
 all Twenty Million
(14
999
049) shares have been designated as shares of &ldquo;Series A.

During the
quarter ended March
 31
 2013
 51 shares of Series A-1 Preferred
 convertible into 306 shares of common stock at the option of
the holder
 were granted to Roy Warren for services rendered. We recorded a non-cash expense for $0.09 which is based on the then
market price of $0.0003 per common share times the convertible stock equivalents (51 preferred shares x 6 = 306 common stock equivalents).

Common
Stock Warrants:

As of March
31
 2015
 the Company had 4
545
000 outstanding warrants at an exercise price of $0.0005. The warrants have an expiration date
of December 24
 2019. No warrants were exercised during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015.



    
    



Note
11 &ndash; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit (continued):



At March
31
 2015
 the Company had issued and outstanding 1
161
193
362 shares of common stock of which 30
244 shares are owned by our
two officers. Holders of shares of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share on all matters to be voted on by the shareholders.
Holders of common stock have no cumulative voting rights. In the event of liquidation
 dissolution or winding down of the Company
the holders of shares of common stock are entitled to share
 pro rata
 all assets remaining after payment in full of all liabilities.
Holders of common stock have no preemptive rights to purchase our common stock. There are no conversion rights or redemption or
sinking fund provisions with respect to the common stock. All of the outstanding shares of common stock are validly issued
 fully
paid and non-assessable.


    
    


Note
11 &ndash;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit (continued):



COMMON STOCK ISSUED FROM APRIL 1
 2014 THROUGH MARCH
    31
 2015

    
    
    
    
    

    
#
                                         OF&nbsp;
$
                                         DEBT
$
                                         INTEREST
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
15
912
500
6
365
    
    

    
8
000
000
3
200
    
    

    
12
000
000
4
800
    
    

    
9
067
500
    
3
627
    

    
10
000
000
5
000
    
    

    
10
000
000
5
000
    
    

    
22
441
780
6
925
4
296
    

    
11
312
000
    
5
656
    

    
9
600
000
4
800
    
    

    
26
628
740
13
250
    
    

    
12
000
000
6
000
    
    

    
12
000
000
6
000
    
    

    
12
000
000
    
4
800
    

    
14
000
000
5
600
    
    

    
14
000
000
5
600
    
    

    
14
000
000
5
600
    
    

    
14
000
000
5
600
    
    

    
26
644
475
11
200
    
    

    
14
000
000
5
600
    
    

    
15
000
000
6
000
    
    

    
15
800
000
    
6
320
    

    
18
136
000
    
9
068
    

    
20
000
000
10
000
    
    

    
26
642
000
13
300
    
    

    
26
655
000
5
310
    
    

    
56
546
850
11
275
    
    

    
22
061
200
4
405
    
    

    
40
115
050
2
960
5
063
    

    
62
500
000
25
000
    
    

    
58
680
556
16
900
    
    

    
19
687
500
3
150
    
    

    
50
625
000
8
100
    
    

    
70
673
077
14
700
    
    

    
44
687
500
7
150
    
    

    
39
062
500
6
250
    
    

    
43
750
000
7
000
    
    

    
81
250
000
6
500
    
    

    
    
    
    
    





    
    


Note
11 &ndash;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit (continued):

Common
Stock Issued for the Year Ended March 31
 2014:

All
issued shares and conversion rates are reflected at the values after the reverse stock split.

On
April 3
 2013
 we issued 300
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $11
250 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible
notes at a conversion price of $.0375.

On
April 4
 2013
 we issued 438
400 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $16
440 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible
notes at a conversion price of $.0375.

On
April 4
 2013
 we issued 1
166
667 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $43
750 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0375.

On
April 9
 2013
 we issued 400
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $15
000 accrued interest of February
 2013
consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0375.

On
April 9
 2013
 we issued 179
093 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $6
716 accrued interest of February
 2013
consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0375.

On
April 10
 2013
 we issued 439
067 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $16
465 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible
notes at a conversion price of $.0375.

On
April 11
 2013
 we issued 320
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $12
000 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible
notes at a conversion price of $.0375.

On
April 15
 2013
 we issued 400
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $15
000 accrued interest of February
 2013
consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0375.

On
April 16
 2013
 we issued 1
273
333 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $47
750 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0375.

On
April 22
 2013
 we issued 124
867 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
675 accrued interest of February
 2013
consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0375.

On
April 22
 2013
 we issued 400
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $15
000 accrued interest of February
 2013
consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0375.

On
April 29
 2013
 we issued 500
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $18
750 accrued interest of February
 2013
consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0375.

On
April 30
 2013
 we issued 320
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $12
000 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible
notes at a conversion price of $.0375.

On
July 2
 2013
 we issued 1
918
462 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $62
350 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible
notes at a conversion price of $.0325.

On
July 2
 2013
 we issued 524
154 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $17
035 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible
notes at a conversion price of $.0325.

On
July 15
 2013
 we issued 609
756 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $10
000 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible
notes at a conversion price of $.0164.

On
July 23
 2013
 we issued 1
353
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
412 of accrued interest at a conversion
price of $.004.



    
    



Note
11 &ndash;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit (continued):

On
July 29
 2013
 we issued 2
686
667 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $10
075 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.00375.

On
August 5
 2013
 we issued 2
352
941 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $10
000 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.00425.

On
August 16
 2013
 we issued 1
183
908 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $2
575 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.002175.

On
August 16
 2013
 we issued 1
498.851 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $3
260 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.002175.

On
August 19
 2013
 we issued 2
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
350 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.002175.

On
August 19
 2013
 we issued 1
500
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $3
300 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0022.

On
August 21
 2013
 we issued 1
702
529 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $3
703 of accrued interest at a conversion
price of $.002175.

On
August 22
 2013
 we issued 3
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $6
525 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.002175.

On
August 22
 2013
 we issued 1
818
182 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
000 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0022.

On
August 28
 2013
 we issued 1
818
182 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
000 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0022.

On
September 6
 2013
 we issued 4
256
098 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $8
725 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.00205.

On
September 11
 2013
 we issued 2
500
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
250 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0021.

On
September 12
 2013
 we issued 2
500
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
000 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.002.

On
September 12
 2013
 we issued 3
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
850 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.002.

On
September 12
 2013
 we issued 2
500
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
000 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.002.

On
September 12
 2013
 we issued 2
500
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
000 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.002.

On
September 12
 2013
 we issued 2
500
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
000 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.002.

On
September 13
 2013
 we issued 4
256
410 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $8
300 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.00195.



    
    



Note
11 &ndash;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit (continued):

On
September 13
 2013
 we issued 3
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $6
300 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0021.

On
September 14
 2013
 we issued 3
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $6
000 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.002.

On
September 17
 2013
 we issued 2
500
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
000 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.002.

On
September 18
 2013
 we issued 2
500
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
750 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0019.

On
September 20
 2013
 we issued 3
286
842 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $6
245 of accrued interest at a conversion
price of $.0019.

On
September 23
 2013
 we issued 2
600
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
940 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0019.

On
September 24
 2013
 we issued 2
481
579 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
715 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0019.

On
September 24
 2013
 we issued 3
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
700 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0019.

On
September 24
 2013
 we issued 4
326
316 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $8
220 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0019.

On
September 30
 2013
 we issued 8
500
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $15
300 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0018.

On
October 3
 2013
 we issued 3
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
800 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0016.

On
October 9
 2013
 we issued 3
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $3
600 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0012.

On
October 10
 2013
 we issued 3
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $3
600 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0012.

On
October 14
 2013
 we issued 9
150
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $9
150 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.001.

On
October 17
 2013
 we issued 5
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
500 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0009.

On
October 29
 2013
 we issued 8
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $7
200 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0009.

On
November 1
 2013
 we issued 5
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
500 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0009.

On
November 6
 2013
 we issued 5
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
500 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0009.



    
    



Note
11 &ndash;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit (continued):

On
November 6
 2013
 we issued 11
777
778 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $10
600 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0009.

On
November 6
 2013
 we issued 6
935
556 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $6
242 of accrued interest at a conversion
price of $.0009.

On
November 6
 2013
 we issued 8.000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $7
200 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0009.

On
November 13
 2013
 we issued 6.000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
800 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0008.

(d)


On
May 25
 2010
 a registration that covers the offering of an aggregated 7
500 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock was approved
by the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors. As such
 the 2010 Stock Compensation and Incentive Plan was created for employees
directors
 consultants and other persons associated with the Company in which awards of common stock and/or non-qualified stock
options may be granted. During the fiscal year ended March 31
 2011
 we issued 6
578 shares of common stock for a total of $161
000
for past due professional services and payroll in which 3
000 shares were returned back to the plan
 leaving an available 3
922
shares to be issued in the future

On
December 21
 2011
 the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors approved the issuance of 54
204 non-qualified stock options to certain
employees for the return of previously issued shares of common stock that were issued for payment of past due expenses to be effective
at December 31
 2011. The stock options have an exercise price of $10.00
 full vesting rights and a life of five years. The Board
of Directors intends to approve a registration to cover an offering to include these stock options as well as certain other stock
options (see below) in 2015/2016. We recognized the full compensation expense of $12
656 at December 31
 2011 by using the Black-Scholes
valuation model (54
204 x $.2335). No options have been exercised.

On
January 10
 2013
 the stockholders holding a majority voting rights of our Common Stock approved the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan
by written consent without a meeting in accordance with Delaware Law. This plan provides for the grant of stock awards to employees
directors and consultants of the Company and its affiliates covering an aggregate of 1
000
000 shares of its common stock. The
number of shares of common stock available for issuance under this plan shall automatically increase on February 1
of each year for a period of 9 years commencing January 1
 2014 in an amount equal to the lesser of 5% of the total number of
 of the preceding calendar year or 30
000 shares. Revised number
is now 1
060
000 as of March 31
 2014. No stock awards have been granted as of March 31
 2015.

On
September 16 2013
 the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors approved the issuance of 10
000
000 non-qualified stock options to certain
employees and the two independent Board Directors. The stock options have an exercise price of $.004
 full vesting rights and
a life of five years. The Board of Directors intends to approve a registration to cover an offering to include these stock options
in 2015/2016. We recognized the full compensation expense of $26
997 by using the Black-Scholes valuation model (10
000
000 x
$.0026997). No options have been exercised.

As


of employee stock option and recognize the compensation cost over the requisite service period for the entire award in accordance
with the provisions. As all stock options were fully vested
 no estimate of forfeitures was required
 and compensation cost is
fully recognized at the time of grant and full vesting. We estimated the fair value of these stock options on the date of grant
using a Black-Scholes-Merton (BSM) option-pricing formula
 applying the following assumptions (before and after reverse stock
split):



    
    




Note
11 &ndash;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit (continued):

A
summary of option activity under these stock option plans for the year ended March 31
 2015 is presented below:




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(in
    years)
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
60
180
    
    
    

    
10
000
000
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(1
804
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
10
058
376
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(4
172
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at
    3/31/15
10
054
204
    
    
    





Note
that all of the stock options are outstanding
 fully vested and exercisable for the year ended March 31
 2015. As such
 all compensation
expense for the above options has been recognized
 and there is no unrecognized compensation expense to be recorded in the future.

Note
12 &ndash;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Income Taxes:



The Company has recorded
    no income tax benefit for its taxable losses during the period ending March 31
 2015 because there is no certainty that the
    Company will realize those benefits. The components of the Company&rsquo;s deferred tax assets and liabilities as of &nbsp;March
    31
 2015 and 2014 are as follows:





    
    
    

    
8
745
372
5
999
692

    
    
10
691

Accrued expenses that are deductible in
    future periods
43
021
38
808

Depreciation method
    differences
    
    

    
8
788
426
6
049
191

    
(8
788
426
(6
049
191

    
    
    

Net deferred tax
    assets
    
    






As
                            of March 31
 2015 the Company has a net tax operating loss of $25
721
000 that will be available to
                            offset future taxable income
 if any. The use of net operating loss carryforwards to reduce future
                            income tax liabilities is subject to limitations
 and these amounts will begin to expire in 2028.&nbsp;




    
    



Note
12 &ndash; Income Taxes (continued):


The
following table illustrates the reconciliation of the tax benefit at the federal statutory rate to the Company&rsquo;s effective
rate for the period ending March 31
 2014 and 2013:






    
    
    

Benefit
    at federal statutory rate
    
    

Benefit at state
    rate
 net of federal deficit
    
    

Fair value adjustment
    of convertible debt
    
    

Non-deductible derivative
    loss
    
    

Loss on extinguishment
    of debt
    
    

Non-deductible travel
    expenses
    
    

Benefit
    at the Company&rsquo;s effective rate
    
    

Less
    valuation allowance effective tax rate
    
    



The
Company is required to file income tax returns for U.S. Federal and State of Florida purposes. The Company is not currently under
any tax examination
 but the statute of limitations has not yet expired because no federal or state tax returns have been filed
since 2007. Therefore
 the Company generally remains subject to examination of its U.S. Federal income tax returns for 2008 and
subsequent years by the Internal Revenue Service. In addition
 the Company also remains subject to examinations of its State of
Florida tax returns for 2008 and subsequent years.

Note
13 &ndash;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Commitments and Contingencies:

We
entered into a new office lease for 3
333 square feet at our new office in North Palm Beach
 Florida on January 3
 2013 with a
lease term of three years with two years as renewable terms. Starting February 1
 2013
 the minimum starting monthly base rent
without sales tax was $1
602 plus monthly operating expense for $2
670 for a monthly total of $4
272. The lease provides for annual
3% increases throughout its term.

Future
minimum rental payments for the new office lease
 based on the current adjusted minimum monthly amount of $4
320 and excluding
variable common area maintenance charges
 as of March 31
 2015
 are as follows:




Years
    ending March 31

    

    
    

    
52
540

    
53
146

    
44
730

    
    

    
    

    
150
416


Rental
expense
 which also includes maintenance and parking fees
 for the twelve months period ended March 31
 2015 was $54
951. We had
a disagreement with the landlord and were forced to vacate the offices including some inventory and fixed assets. Although we
are still using the same address and working with the landlord to resolve these problems
 we may elect to move to our office to
another address. We are working in our home offices.

Lease
of West Hartford
 Connecticut World of Beer

Through
the December 24
 2014 purchase of 51% of the West Hartford
 Connecticut World of Beer property
 the lease is for 4
163 square
feet and was signed on May 16
 2014 for ten years with the option to extend the lease for two (2) additional periods of five (5)
years each. The minimum starting monthly base rent was $10
754 with 3% increases annually.



    
    


Future
minimum rental payments for this lease
 based on the current minimum monthly amount of $10
754
 as of March 31
 2015
 are as follows:

Note
13.&nbsp;Commitments and Contingencies (continued):




Years
    ending March 31

    

    
    

    
130
016

    
133
196

    
137
197

    
141
308

    
145
552

    
795
932

    
1
483
201



Rent
expense recorded since the opening of the tavern in late January
 2015 through March 31
 2014 is $31
850.

Production
and Supply Agreements&nbsp;

On
December 16
 2008
 we signed a manufacturing agreement with O-AT-KA Milk Products Cooperative
 Inc. for the production of future
new products that are in the development stage. The manufacturer shall manufacture
 package and ship such products. All products
shall be purchased F.O.B.
 the facility by the company.



On
May 18
 2009
 F&amp;M Merchant Group
 LLC commenced a lawsuit in the District Court of Denton County
 Texas to recover the balance
owed by us under a Sales Agent Agreement entered by the parties on November 1
 2008. This agreement requires us to pay $5
000
per month and a 5% commission on all net sales. On September 3
 2009
 a final judgment by default was approved by the district
court in Denton County
 Texas for a total sum of $22
348. This claim has been recorded on the Company&rsquo;s records. Due to
the lack of adequate capital financing
 we have not been able to make any payments. We will address this matter as soon as practical
and once we have adequate financing.

On
August 21
 2009
 CH Fulfillment Services
 LLC commenced a lawsuit in the district court of Mobile
 Alabama to recover past due
amounts owed by us under a contract to provide shipping and fulfillment services. The claim is for $2
106 plus interest and legal
costs. This amount was already recorded on our records as well as projected interest costs of $682 and estimated court costs of
$307 for a total of $3
095. A process of garnishment by the district court in Mobile County
 Alabama was approved on September
25
 2009 for the total amount of $3
095. On October 26
 2009
 the same court authorized a garnishment process to pay $657 which
was done as part payment of the total due amount. Current outstanding balance due is $2
438. No other payments have been made.

On
October 1
 2013
 Beanpot Broadcasting Corp. d/b/a WXRV-FM
 commenced a lawsuit in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts District Court
Department of the Trial Court Haverhill Division to recover past due amounts owed by us for rendered independent sales contracting
services. The claim was for $15
500 for past due services
 $4
169 in service charges
 $363 for prejudgment interest and $200 court
costs for a total of $20
232. The total $20
232 amount was already recorded on our records. On November 15
 2013
 the Trial Court
of Massachusetts entered a judgment for the plaintiff (&ldquo;Beanpot&rdquo;) for the total $20
232. Due to the lack of adequate
capital financing
 we have not been able to make any payments. We will address this matter as soon as practical and once we have
adequate financing.

On
November 27
 2013
 we received an order of the court from The Trial Court of Massachusetts District Court Department
 Small Claims
Session in Plymouth
 Massachusetts to attend a hearing on December 12 2013 about a small claims amount of $5
000 from Marshfield
Broadcasting Company
 Inc. to recover past due amounts. A total of $5
500 was already recorded our records. On December 31
 2013
a judgment in the amount of $5
238 was entered in favor of Marshfield Broadcasting Inc. No payments have been made as we expect
to resolve this matter as soon as practical and once we have adequate financing.

On
February 4
 2014
 Judicial Circuit and for Palm
Beach County
 Florida to recover past due amounts owed by us for past compensation in the amount of approximately $17
000. We
disagree with this amount as our records reflect a total amount owed of $6
974. On May 28
 2014
 we entered into a settlement
agreement with Terrano to pay him a total of $11
000
 to be remitted 60 days of the effective date of this agreement. Due to a
lack of capital financing
 we expect to address this matter as soon as we can.

On
June 9
 2014
 Judicial Circuit
in and for Palm Beach County
 Florida to recover past due services owed by us in the amount of $22
000 that is due with interest.
We do not agree with that amount as we did make various payments in 2013 that totaled $8
000. We are working with that party to
arrive at a mutual agreeable outstanding amount if any. We do not have any other outstanding balance that is recorded on our records.
On August 6
 2014
 we received a Default Final Judgment from Palm Beach County Circuit Court in Florida for a total amount of
$23
 411. We are still contesting that amount and will resolve the matter as soon as possible.



    
    



Note
13. Commitments and Contingencies (continued):


On
June 26
 2014
 Innerworkings
 Inc. filed a lawsuit in the County Court of the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit in and for Palm Beach
County
 Florida to recover past due services owed by us in the amount of $5
039 that is due with interest. This same amount has
already been recorded on our records. We expect to address this issue as soon as practical and when we have adequate capital.

On
November 11
 2014
 C.A. Courtesy Demos
 Inc. commenced a lawsuit in the County Court
 Palm Beach County
 Florida civil action
to recover past due amounts owed by us for rendered services. The claim was for $5
803. We do not agree with this amount and have
not recorded this amount on our records as services were supposed to be rendered
 but a hurricane in the northeastern section
of the United States occurred at that given time. We will address this matter as soon as practical and once we have adequate financing.

On
November 20
 2014
 Pavilion Law Center
 LLC filed a motion in the Circuit Court of the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit in and for Palm
Beach County
 Florida to enforce a settlement agreement for past due fees. We are contesting some of the amounts and will resolve
this matter as soon as practical.

On
April 22
 2015
 Edgar Agents LLC filed a lawsuit in the Circuit Court of the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit in and for Palm Beach
County
 Florida to recover past due amounts owned by us for rendered services. The claim was for $23
323.50 plus interest and
costs. We have recorded $19
069.50 in our records as we have not received the backup for the $4
254.00 difference. On August 13
2015
 the court entered into a final judgment against us for a total amount of $24
215. We expect to resolve this matter as soon
as practical and once we have adequate financing.

On
August 26
 2015
 Harrison
 Vickers and Waterman Inc. (&ldquo;HVWC&rdquo;) which we own the majority of the outstanding shares received
a lawsuit from James Giordano
 previous CEO of HVW that was filed in the State of Connecticut Superior Court in Stamford
 Connecticut.
The claim is approximately $220
833 for past salaries. HVWC does not agree with this complaint and will address as soon as possible.
HVW does have a recorded amount of $175
000 on its books.


    
    




Note
14 -&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Segment Reporting

The
Company operates in two segments which are consistent with its internal organization. The major segments are beverage brand development
and restaurant/tavern World of Beer franchise locations.

Revenues
expenses and assets not explicitly attributed to a segment are deemed to be unallocated.

See
below for a summary:




    

    

MARCH 31
 2015

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
53
878
738
465
    
792
343

    
    
    
    
    

    
154
999
209
908
    
364
907

    
    
    
    
    

    
(101
121
528
557
    
427
436

    
    
    
    
    

    
1
204
323
467
378
    
1
671
701

    
    
    
    
    

    
(3
711
923
(53
089
    
(3
765
012

    
    
    
    
    

    
(5
017
206
7
929
    
(5
009
277

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(21
596
(21
596

    
    
    
    
    

    
(5
017
206
7
929
(21
596
(5
030
873

    
    
    
    
    

    
36
510
315
506
    
352
016

    
    
    
    
    

    
56
145
1
525
753
    
1
581
898

    
    
    
    
    

    
16
985
040
1
542
626
(3
390
18
524
276






    
    



Note
14 -&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Segment Reporting (continued)




    

    

MARCH 31
 2014

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
182
582
    
    
182
582

    
    
    
    
    

    
164
639
    
    
164
639

    
    
    
    
    

    
17
943
    
    
17
943

    
    
    
    
    

    
1
765
360
    
    
1
765
360

    
    
    
    
    

    
1
535
402
    
    
1
535
402

    
    
    
    
    

    
(212
015
    
    
(212
015

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(212
015
    
    
(212
015

    
    
    
    
    

    
55
000
    
    
55
000

    
    
    
    
    

    
86
221
    
    
86
221

    
    
    
    
    

    
12
421
740
    
    
12
421
740




Note
15 &ndash;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Subsequent Events 

On
April 1
 2015
 we issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $25
000 for their April
 2015 consulting services.

On
April 3
 2015
 we issued a promissory note to a current accredited investor for $7
500 which has a maturity date of April 3
 2016.
The note bears no interest.

On
April 9
 2015
 we issued 65
625
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the March 1
 2013 convertible note payable
for $5
250 at a conversion price of $.00008.

From
April 16
 2015 through July 30
 2015
 we issued 754
116
580 restricted shares of common stock as payments to
previous employees and certain vendors for past due services. This debt restructuring program resulted in the reduction of
payables of $1
825
139 and the recording of a gain from debt restructuring for $1
654
914.

On
April 17
 2015
 we issued 121
562
500 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the April 1
 2013 convertible note payable
for $9
725 at a conversion price of $.00008.

On
April 17
 2015
 we issued a promissory note to a current accredited investor for $7
500 which has a maturity date of April 17
2016. The note bears no interest.



    
    


Note
15 &ndash; Subsequent Events (continued)

On
April 21
 2015
 Alpha Capital Anstalt
 Tarpon Bay Partners LLC and the Company (all &ldquo;shareholders&rdquo; of ABH) entered
into the Purchase Agreement with Harrison
 Vickers and Waterman. Inc. (HVWC) pursuant to which the shareholders sold to HVWC all
of the outstanding shares of stock of ABH
 and ABH thereupon became a wholly owned subsidiary of HVWC. In consideration for the
purchase of the shares of common stock of ABH
 HVWC issued: (i) to the Company 51 shares of Series B Preferred Stock and the B
Warrant to purchase 5
000
000 Common Stock
 at an exercise price of $0.075 per share (subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments);
(ii) to Alpha
 the Secured Convertible Note in the principal amount of $1
619
375
 the Alpha Warrant to purchase 1
295
500
000
shares of HVWC&rsquo;s Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.0025 per share (subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments)
and an AIR to purchase up to $3
750
000 in the AIR Note and the AIR Warrant; and (iii) to Tarpon
 a Secured Convertible Note in
the principal amount of $554
791.67
 the Tarpon Warrant to purchase 443
833
333 shares of HVWC&rsquo;s Common Stock at an exercise
price of $0.0025 per share (subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments)
 and an AIR to purchase up to $1
250
000 in additional
notes and corresponding AIR Warrants. In addition
 Alpha acquired 32
300 shares of the HVWC&rsquo;s Series A Preferred Stock (convertible
into 32
300
000 shares of the HVWC&rsquo;s Common Stock) from HVW Holdings LLC (an entity of which Mr. James Giordano
 the Company&rsquo;s
prior Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
 is the managing member)
 subject to the terms of a Purchase Agreement
(the &ldquo;Series A Purchase Agreement&rdquo;). The Company purchased 87
990
000 shares of Common Stock from HVW Holdings LLC
at a price of $65
000
 subject to the terms of a Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Common Stock Purchase Agreement&rdquo;). The Company
is now the majority owner of HVWC.

On
April 24
 2015
 the Company issued a promissory note to a current accredited investor for $7
500 which has a maturity date of
April 24
 2016. The note bears no interest.

On
April 30
 2015
 the Company issued 121
250
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the April 1
 2013 convertible
note payable for $9
700 at a conversion price of $.00008.

On
May 1
 2015
 the Company issued a promissory note to a current accredited investor for $7
500 which has a maturity date of May
1
 2016. The note bears no interest.

On
May 1
 2015
 the Company issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $25
000 for their May
 2015 consulting services.

On
May 8
 2015
 the Company issued a promissory note to a current accredited investor for $16
500 which has a maturity date of May
8
 2016. The note bears no interest.

On
May 15
 2015
 the Company issued a promissory note to a current accredited investor for $7
500 which has a maturity date of May
15
 2016. The note bears no interest.

On
May 20
 2015
 the Company issued 106
818
400 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the April
 2014 note for $7
700
and accrued interest of $311 at a conversion price of $.000075.

On
May 22
 2015
 the Company issued a convertible note to an accredited investor for $7
500 which has a maturity date of May 22
2016. The note bears no interest.

On
May 26
 2015
 HVWC
 in which Attitude Drinks Incorporated is the majority owner
 filed a Form 8-K to change their independent
registered public accounting firm effective May 8
 2015 to Scrudato and Co.
 PA (same registered public accounting firm used by
Attitude Drinks Incorporated).

On
May 29
 2015
 the Company issued a convertible note to an accredited investor for $7
500 which has a maturity date of May 29
2015. The note bears no interest.

On
May 29
 2015
 the Company&rsquo;s majority owned subsidiary
 ABH
 entered into an operating agreement with New England WOB
 LLC
for the development of a World of Beer franchise location in Milford
 Connecticut.

On
June 1
 2015
 the Company issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $25
000 for their June
 2015 consulting services.&nbsp;




    
    


Note
15 &ndash; Subsequent Events (continued)&nbsp;

On
June 25
 2015
 the Company filed a DEF14C filing whereas on June 10
 2015
 Attitude obtained the approval by written consent of
the holders of a majority of our voting power to approve an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation to
effectuate a reverse stock split of our outstanding shares of common stock by a ratio of not less than 1-for-50 and not greater
than 1-for-100 with the Board of Directors to determine the exact ratio
 adopt the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan and amend the Certificate
of Designations of the Series A Preferred Stock
 resulting in 5
000
000 shares of preferred stock being authorized but not designated
of the decrease. The Board of Directors has unanimously approved the Amendment
 Plan and Decrease with effectiveness 20 calendar
days after June 25
 2015.

On
July 1
 2015
 the Company issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $25
000 for their July
 2015 consulting services.


On
July 29
 2015
 HVWC. which Attitude Drinks Incorporated is the majority owner issued a convertible note in the amount of $80
000
with a maturity date of July 29
 2017 at an interest rate of 10% as well as 64
000 warrants with a life of 7 years and an exercise
price of $0.0025.&nbsp;

On
August 1
 2015
 the Company issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $25
000 for their August
 2015 consulting
services

On
August 12
 2015
 the Company filed a Form 8K to list filings with the state of Delaware for a (1) Corrected Restated Certificate
of Incorporation (2) Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Designations
 Powers
 Preferences and Rights of Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock and (3) Certificate of Designations
 Preferences
 and Rights of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock.

On
August 18
 2015 and August 28
 2015
 the Company filed a Form 8K for the exchange of notes payable and past due
accrued salaries for shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock
 warrants equating to the same number of common stock
from conversions of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock as well as Additional Investment Rights to purchase same number of
Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and corresponding warrants. A total of 4
265 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock were issued for these debt exchanges. Total notes payable
 accrued interest payable and accrued salaries and accrued
payroll taxes in the total amount of $8
227
452 were taken off the Company&rsquo;s records with approximately $3
933
051 that
was moved to equity accounts for the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock transactions and $4
179
795 recorded of a gain from
the debt restructuring program for the forgiveness of approximately one half of the past due liabilities.

Also
on August 18
 2015
 HVWC which Attitude Drinks Incorporated is the majority owner filed a DEF 14C which the majority of the voting
power was received to change the name of Harrison
 Vickers and Waterman Inc. to Attitude Beer
 Inc. In addition
 approval was
received to increase the authorized common stock from 2
000
000
000 to 7
500
000
000 as well as the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan.
An application has been filed with FINRA to approve these requests.&nbsp;


On
September 1
 2015
 the Company issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $25
000 for their September
 2015 consulting
services.



    













     



EXHIBIT
(10)(122)

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE OR UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED. THE SECURITIES ARE RESTRICTED
AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED
 RESOLD
 PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE ACT PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION
OR SAFE HARBOR THEREFROM.






US
$7
500.00
    


ATTITUDE
DRINKS INCORPORATED

PROMISSORY
NOTE DUE MAY 22
 2016

THIS
Note is a duly authorized issuance of up to $7
500.00 of ATTITUDE DRINKS INCORPORATED
 a Delaware corporation and located at 712
U.S. Highway 1
 Suite #200
 North Palm Beach
 Florida 33408 (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) designated as its Note
 pursuant to the
Consulting Agreement entered into by the Company and the Holder as of July 19
 2012.

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED
 the Company promises to pay to SOUTHRIDGE PARTNERS II
 LP
 the registered holder hereof (the &ldquo;Holder&rdquo;)
the principal sum of Seven Thousand Five Hundred and 00/100 Dollars (US $7
500.00) on May 22
 2016 (the &ldquo;Maturity Date&rdquo;).
The principal of this Note is payable at the option of the Holder at any time after the Maturity Date
 in shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock
 $.00001 par value per share (&ldquo;Common Stock&rdquo;) as set forth below
 or in United States dollars
 at the address
last appearing on the Note Register of the Company as designated in writing by the Holder. The Company will pay the outstanding
principal amount of this Note in cash on the Maturity Date to the registered holder of this Note. The forwarding of such wire
transfer shall constitute a payment hereunder and shall satisfy and discharge the liability for principal on this Note to the
extent of the sum represented by such check or wire transfer plus any amounts so deducted.

This
Note is subject to the following additional provisions:

1.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Note is issuable in denominations of Ten Thousand Dollars (US$10

 provided that
the number of shares to be issued upon conversion is a minimum of 3
000 (unless if at the time of election to convert the
number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion is less than 3
000). The Note is exchangeable for an equal
aggregate principal amount of Note of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the Holder surrendering the same.
No service charge will be made for such registration or transfer or exchange.


    
    


2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Holder of this Note is entitled any time after the Maturity Date

 to convert all
or a portion of the principal amount of this Note into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price for each share of Common
Stock equal to the Current Market Price multiplied by eighty percent (80%) (the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo;). &ldquo;Current
Market Price&rdquo; means the average of the closing bid prices for the Common Stock as reported by Bloomberg
 LP or
 if not
so reported
 as reported on the over-the-counter market
 for the five (5) trading days ending on the trading day immediately
before the relevant Conversion Date (as defined below). The amount of shares issuable pursuant to a conversion shall equal
the principal amount (or portion thereof) of the Note to be converted
 divided by the Conversion Price.

Conversion
shall be effectuated by surrendering the Note to the Company
 accompanied by or preceded by facsimile or other delivery to
the Company of the form of conversion notice attached hereto as Exhibit A
 executed by the Holder evidencing such Holder&rsquo;s
intention to convert a specified portion hereof No fractional shares of Common Stock or scrip representing fractions of
shares will be issued on conversion
 but the number of shares issuable shall be rounded to the nearest whole share. The date
on which notice of conversion is given (the &ldquo;Conversion Date&rdquo;) shall be deemed to be the date on which the Holder
faxes or otherwise delivers the conversion notice (&ldquo;Notice of Conversion&rdquo;)
 substantially in the form annexed
hereto as Exhibit A
 duly executed
 to the Company. Facsimile delivery of the Notice of Conversion shall be accepted by the
 Certificates representing
Common Stock upon conversion will be delivered within three (3) business days from the Conversion Date. (&ldquo;Delivery
Date&rdquo;)

The
Company understands that a delay in the issuance of the Shares of Common Stock beyond the Delivery Date (as defined in this Section)
could result in economic loss to the Holder. As compensation to the Holder for such loss
 the Company agrees to pay late payments
to the Holder for late issuance of Shares upon Conversion
 unless the delay is due to causes beyond the reasonable control of
the Company or the Transfer Agent
 in accordance with the following schedule (where &ldquo;No. Business Days Late&rdquo; refers
to the number of business days which is beyond three (3)) business days after the Delivery Date):&rsquo;



    
    
    

No.
Business Days Late
    
Late
Payment For Each $10
000

Amount Being Converted


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

000

    
    

000+$200
for each Business Day Late beyond 10 days



    
    


The
Company shall pay any payments incurred under this Section in immediately available funds upon demand as the Holder&rsquo;s remedy for
such delay. Furthermore
 in addition to any other remedies which may be available to the Holder
 in the event that the Company
fails for any reason to effect delivery of such shares of Common Stock by close of business on the Delivery Date
 unless such
failure is due to causes beyond the Company&rsquo;s reasonable control or that of its Transfer Agent
 the Holder will be entitled to
revoke the relevant Notice of Conversion by delivering a notice to such effect to the Company
 whereupon the Company and the Holder
shall each be restored to their respective positions immediately prior to delivery of such Notice of Conversion; provided
 however
that an amount equal to any payments contemplated by this Section which have accrued through the date of such revocation notice
shall remain due and owing to the Converting Holder notwithstanding such revocation.

If
by the relevant Delivery Date
 the Company fails
 unless such failure is due to causes beyond the Company&rsquo;s reasonable control
or that of its Transfer Agent
 for any reason to deliver the Shares to be issued upon conversion of the Note and after such Delivery
Date
 the Holder of the Note being converted (a &ldquo;Converting Holder&rdquo;) purchases
 in an arm&rsquo;s-length open market transaction
or otherwise
 shares of Common Stock (the &ldquo;Covering Shares&rdquo;) in order to make delivery in satisfaction of a sale of
Common Stock by the Converting Holder (the &ldquo;Sold Shares&rdquo;)
 which delivery such Converting Holder anticipated to make
using the Shares to be issued upon such conversion (a &ldquo;Buy-In&rdquo;)
 the Converting Holder shall have the right
 to require
the Company to pay to the Converting Holder
 in addition to and not in lieu of the amounts due hereunder (but in addition to all
other amounts contemplated in other provisions of the Transaction Agreements
 and not in lieu of any such other amounts)
 the
Buy-In Adjustment Amount (as defined below). The &ldquo;Buy-hi Adjustment Amount&rdquo; is the amount equal to the excess
 if any
of (x) the Converting Holder&rsquo;s total purchase price (including brokerage commissions
 if any) for the Covering Shares over (y)
the net proceeds (after brokerage commissions
 if any) received by the Converting Holder from the sale of the Sold Shares. The
Company shall pay the Buy-In Adjustment Amount to the Company in immediately available funds immediately upon demand by the Converting
Holder. By way of illustration and not in limitation of the foregoing
 if the Converting Holder purchases shares of Common Stock
having a total purchase price (including brokerage commissions) of $11
000 to cover a Buy-1n with respect to shares of Common
Stock it sold for net proceeds of $10
000
 the Buy-In Adjustment Amount which Company will be required to pay to the Converting
Holder will be $1
000.



    
    


In lieu of delivering physical certificates
representing the Common Stock issuable upon conversion
 provided the Company&rsquo;s Transfer Agent is participating in the
Depository Trust Company (&ldquo;DTC&rdquo;) Fast Automated Securities Transfer program
 upon request of the Holder and its
compliance with the provisions contained in this paragraph
 so long as the certificates therefore do not bear a legend and
the Holder thereof is not obligated to return such certificate for the placement of a legend thereon
 the Company shall use
its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable upon conversion to the
Holder by crediting the account of Holder&rsquo;s Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission
system.

The
Holder of the Note shall be entitled to exercise its conversion privilege with respect to the Note notwithstanding the commencement
 (the &ldquo;Bankruptcy Code&rdquo;). In the event the Company is a debtor under
the Bankruptcy Code
 the Company hereby waives
 to the fullest extent permitted
 any rights to relief it may have under 11 U.
S .C. &sect;362 in respect of such holder&rsquo;s conversion privilege. The Company hereby waives
 to the fullest extent permitted
any rights to relief it may have under 11 U.S.C. &sect;362 in respect of the conversion of the Note.

3.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
This Note has been issued subject to investment representations of the original purchaser hereof and may be transferred or exchanged
only in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Act&rdquo;)
 and other applicable state and foreign securities
laws. In the event of any proposed transfer of this Note
 the Company may require
 prior to issuance of a new Note in the name
of such other person
 that it receive reasonable transfer documentation including legal opinions that the issuance of the Note
in such other name does not and will not cause a violation of the Act or any applicable state or foreign securities laws. Prior
to due presentment for transfer of this Note
 the Company and any agent of the Company may treat the person in whose name this
Note is duly registered on the Company&rsquo;s Note Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided
and for all other purposes
 whether or not this Note be overdue
 and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected
by notice to the contrary.

4.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
No provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company
 which is absolute and unconditional
 to pay the
principal of this Note at the time
 place
 and rate
 and in the coin or currency
 herein prescribed. This Note is a direct obligation
of the Company.

5.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
The Holder of the Note
 by acceptance hereof
 agrees that this Note is being acquired for investment and that such Holder will
not offer
 sell or otherwise dispose of this Note or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof except under
circumstances which will not result in a violation of the Act or any applicable state Blue Sky or foreign laws or similar laws
relating to the sale of securities.

6.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut. Each of the parties consents
to the jurisdiction of the federal or state courts whose districts encompass any part of the State of Connecticut in connection
with any dispute arising under this Note and hereby waives
 to the maximum extent permitted by law
 any objection
 including any

 


    
    


Each of the parties hereby waives the right to a trial
by jury in connection with any dispute arising under this Note.

7.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
following shall constitute an &ldquo;Event of Default&rdquo;:


The
Company shall default in the payment of principal and interest on this Note and same shall continue for a period of five (5) days;
or



Any
of the representations or warranties made by the Company herein
 in any certificate or financial or other written statements heretofore
or hereafter furnished by the Company in connection with the execution and delivery of this Note shall be false or misleading
in any material respect at the time made; or



The
Company shall fail to perform or observe
 in any material respect
 any other covenant
 term
 provision
 condition
 agreement or
obligation of any Note and such failure shall continue uncured for a period of thirty (30) days after written notice from the
Holder of such failure; or



The
Company fails to authorize or to cause its Transfer Agent to issue shares of Common Stock upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion
rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note
 fails to transfer or to cause its Transfer Agent to transfer any
certificate for shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of this Note and when required by this Note
 and such
transfer is otherwise lawful
 or fails to remove any restrictive legend on any certificate or fails to cause its Transfer Agent
to remove such restricted legend
 in each case where such removal is lawful
 as and when required by this Note
 the Agreement
and any such failure shall continue uncured for ten (10) business days; or



The
Company shall (1) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they mature; (2) make an assignment for the benefit
of creditors or commence proceedings for its dissolution; or (3) apply for or consent to the appointment of a trustee
 liquidator
or receiver for its or for a substantial part of its property or business; or



A
trustee
 liquidator or receiver shall be appointed for the Company or for a substantial part of its property or business without
its consent and shall not be discharged within sixty (60) days after such appointment; or



Any
governmental agency or any court of competent jurisdiction at the instance of any governmental agency shall assume custody or
control of the whole or any substantial portion of the properties or
assets of the Company and shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days thereafter; or



    
    




Any
money judgment
 writ or warrant of attachment
 or similar process in excess of Two Hundred Thousand
                                                                                                                                          ($200
000) Dollars in the aggregate shall be entered or filed against the Company or any of its properties or other assets
                                                                                                                                          and shall remain unpaid
 unvacated
 unbonded or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days or in any event later than five (5)
                                                                                                                                          days prior to the date of any proposed sale thereunder; or



Bankruptcy
 reorganization
 insolvency
                                                                                                                                          or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of
                                                                                                                                          debtors shall be instituted by or against the Company and
 if instituted against the Company
 shall not be dismissed within
                                                                                                                                          sixty (60) days after such institution or the Company shall by any action or answer approve of; consent to
 or acquiesce in
                                                                                                                                          any such proceedings or admit the material allegations of
 or default in answering a petition filed in any such proceeding;
                                                                                                                                          or



The Company shall have its Common
                                                                                                                                          Stock suspended or delisted from an exchange or over-the-counter market from trading for in excess of five trading
                                                                                                                                          days.


Then
or at any time thereafter
 and in each and every such case
 unless such Event of Default shall have been waived in writing by
the Holder (which waiver shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent default) at the option of the Holder and in the
Holders sole discretion
 the Holder may consider all obligations under this Note immediately due and payable within five (5) days
of notice
 without presentment
 demand
 protest or notice of any kinds
 all of which are hereby expressly waived
 anything herein
or in any note or other instruments contained to the contrary notwithstanding
 and the Holder may immediately enforce any and
all of the Holders rights and remedies provided herein or any other rights or remedies afforded by law.

8.&#9;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The

 together with any
affiliate thereof
 beneficially owning (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules
promulgated thereunder) in excess of 9.999% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock held by such Holder
after application of this Section. Since the Holder will not be obligated to report to the Company the number of shares of
Common Stock it may hold at the time of a conversion hereunder
 unless the conversion at issue would result in the issuance
of shares of Common Stock in excess of 9.999% of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock without regard to any other
shares which may be beneficially owned by the Holder or an affiliate thereof; the Holder shall have the authority and
obligation to determine whether the restriction contained in this Section will limit any particular conversion hereunder and
to the extent that the Holder determines that the limitation contained in this Section applies
 the determination of which
portion of the principal amount of Note are convertible shall be the responsibility and obligation of the Holder. If the
Holder has delivered a Conversion Notice for a principal amount of Note that would result in the issuance of in excess of the
permitted amount hereunder
 without regard to any other shares that the Holder or its affiliates may beneficially own
 the
Company shall notify the Holder of this fact and shall honor the conversion for the maximum principal amount permitted to be
converted on such Conversion Date and
 at the option of the Holder
 either retain any principal amount tendered for
conversion in excess of the permitted amount hereunder for future conversions or return such excess principal amount to the
Holder. The provisions of this Section may be waived by a Holder (but only as to itself and not to any other Holder) upon not
less than 65 days prior notice to the Company. Other Holders shall be unaffected by any such waiver.



    
    



9.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9;Nothing

to consent or receive notice as a shareholder in respect of any meeting of shareholders or any rights whatsoever as a
shareholder of the Company
 unless and to the extent converted in accordance with the terms hereof.

IN
WITNES S WHEREOF
 the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized.


    
    
    
    
    

Dated: May 22
 2015
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    



    













     






NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE BEEN
REGISTERED WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE OR UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED. THE SECURITIES ARE RESTRICTED AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED
 RESOLD
 PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED
UNDER THE ACT PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION OR SAFE HARBOR THEREFROM.



    



US $7







 2016


issuance of up to $7
500.00 of ATTITUDE DRINKS INCORPORATED
 a Delaware corporation and located at 712 U.S. Highway 1
 Suite #200
North Palm Beach
 Florida 33408 (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) designated as its Note
 pursuant to the Consulting Agreement entered
into by the Company and the Holder as of July 19
 2012.


RECEIVED
 the Company promises to pay to SOUTHRIDGE PARTNERS II
 LP
 the registered holder hereof (the &ldquo;Holder&rdquo;)
 the
principal sum of Seven Thousand Five Hundred and 00/100 Dollars (US $7
500.00) on May 29
 2016 (the &ldquo;Maturity Date&rdquo;).
The principal of this Note is payable at the option of the Holder at any time after the Maturity Date
 in shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock
 $.00001 par value per share (&ldquo;Common Stock&rdquo;) as set forth below
 or in United States dollars
 at the address
last appearing on the Note Register of the Company as designated in writing by the Holder. The Company will pay the outstanding
principal amount of this Note in cash on the Maturity Date to the registered holder of this Note. The forwarding of such wire transfer
shall constitute a payment hereunder and shall satisfy and discharge the liability for principal on this Note to the extent of
the sum represented by such check or wire transfer plus any amounts so deducted.




in denominations of Ten Thousand Dollars (US$10
000) and integral multiples thereof
 provided that the number of shares to be
issued upon conversion is a minimum of 3
000 (unless if at the time of election to convert the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon conversion is less than 3
000). The Note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate principal amount of Note of different
authorized denominations
 as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be made for such registration
or transfer or exchange.



    
    


2.&#9;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Holder of this Note is entitled any time after the Maturity Date
 subject to the following provisions
 to convert all or a
portion of the principal amount of this Note into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price for each share of Common Stock
equal to the Current Market Price multiplied by eighty percent (80%) (the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo;). &ldquo;Current
Market Price&rdquo; means the average of the closing bid prices for the Common Stock as reported by Bloomberg
 LP or
 if not
so reported
 as reported on the over-the-counter market
 for the five (5) trading days ending on the trading day immediately
before the relevant Conversion Date (as defined below). The amount of shares issuable pursuant to a conversion shall equal
the principal amount (or portion thereof) of the Note to be converted
 divided by the Conversion Price.


be effectuated by surrendering the Note to the Company
 accompanied by or preceded by facsimile or other delivery to the
Company of the form of conversion notice attached hereto as Exhibit A
 executed by the Holder evidencing such Holder&rsquo;s
intention to convert a specified portion hereof No fractional shares of Common Stock or scrip representing fractions of
shares will be issued on conversion
 but the number of shares issuable shall be rounded to the nearest whole share. The date
on which notice of conversion is given (the &ldquo;Conversion Date&rdquo;) shall be deemed to be the date on which the Holder
faxes or otherwise delivers the conversion notice (&ldquo;Notice of Conversion&rdquo;)
 substantially in the form annexed
hereto as Exhibit A
 duly executed
 to the Company. Facsimile delivery of the Notice of Conversion shall be accepted by the
 Certificates representing Common Stock
upon conversion will be delivered within three (3) business days from the Conversion Date. (&ldquo;Delivery
Date&rdquo;)


that a delay in the issuance of the Shares of Common Stock beyond the Delivery Date (as defined in this Section) could result
in economic loss to the Holder. As compensation to the Holder for such loss
 the Company agrees to pay late payments to the Holder
for late issuance of Shares upon Conversion
 unless the delay is due to causes beyond the reasonable control of the Company or
the Transfer Agent
 in accordance with the following schedule (where &ldquo;No. Business Days Late&rdquo; refers to the number of
business days which is beyond three (3)) business days after the Delivery Date):&rsquo;


    
    

    

000

    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    

000

    

000+$200 for
each Business Day Late beyond 10 days




    
    



any payments incurred under this Section in immediately available funds upon demand as the Holder&rsquo;s remedy for such delay. Furthermore
in addition to any other remedies which may be available to the Holder
 in the event that the Company fails for any reason to effect
delivery of such shares of Common Stock by close of business on the Delivery Date
 unless such failure is due to causes beyond
the Company&rsquo;s reasonable control or that of its Transfer Agent
 the Holder will be entitled to revoke the relevant Notice of Conversion
by delivering a notice to such effect to the Company
 whereupon the Company and the Holder shall each be restored to their respective
positions immediately prior to delivery of such Notice of Conversion; provided
 however
 that an amount equal to any payments contemplated
by this Section which have accrued through the date of such revocation notice shall remain due and owing to the Converting Holder
notwithstanding such revocation.


 by the relevant
Delivery Date
 the Company fails
 unless such failure is due to causes beyond the Company&rsquo;s reasonable control or that of its Transfer
Agent
 for any reason to deliver the Shares to be issued upon conversion of the Note and after such Delivery Date
 the Holder of
the Note being converted (a &ldquo;Converting Holder&rdquo;) purchases
 in an arm&rsquo;s-length open market transaction or otherwise
shares of Common Stock (the &ldquo;Covering Shares&rdquo;) in order to make delivery in satisfaction of a sale of Common Stock by
the Converting Holder (the &ldquo;Sold Shares&rdquo;)
 which delivery such Converting Holder anticipated to make using the Shares
to be issued upon such conversion (a &ldquo;Buy-In&rdquo;)
 the Converting Holder shall have the right
 to require the Company to
pay to the Converting Holder
 in addition to and not in lieu of the amounts due hereunder (but in addition to all other amounts
contemplated in other provisions of the Transaction Agreements
 and not in lieu of any such other amounts)
 the Buy-In Adjustment
Amount (as defined below). The &ldquo;Buy-hi Adjustment Amount&rdquo; is the amount equal to the excess
 if any
 of (x) the Converting
Holder&rsquo;s total purchase price (including brokerage commissions
 if any) for the Covering Shares over (y) the net proceeds (after
brokerage commissions
 if any) received by the Converting Holder from the sale of the Sold Shares. The Company shall pay the Buy-In
Adjustment Amount to the Company in immediately available funds immediately upon demand by the Converting Holder. By way of illustration
and not in limitation of the foregoing
 if the Converting Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price
(including brokerage commissions) of $11
000 to cover a Buy-1n with respect to shares of Common Stock it sold for net proceeds
of $10
000
 the Buy-In Adjustment Amount which Company will be required to pay to the Converting Holder will be $1
000.



    
    



physical certificates representing the Common Stock issuable upon conversion
 provided the Company&rsquo;s Transfer Agent is participating
in the Depository Trust Company (&ldquo;DTC&rdquo;) Fast Automated Securities Transfer program
 upon request of the Holder and
its compliance with the provisions contained in this paragraph
 so long as the certificates therefore do not bear a legend and
the Holder thereof is not obligated to return such certificate for the placement of a legend thereon
 the Company shall use its
best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable upon conversion to the Holder by
crediting the account of Holder&rsquo;s Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system.


Note shall be entitled to exercise its conversion privilege with respect to the Note notwithstanding the commencement of any case
 (the &ldquo;Bankruptcy Code&rdquo;). In the event the Company
is a debtor under the Bankruptcy Code
 the Company hereby waives
 to the fullest extent permitted
 any rights to relief it may
have under 11 U. S .C. &sect;362 in respect of such holder&rsquo;s conversion privilege. The Company hereby waives
 to the fullest
extent permitted
 any rights to relief it may have under 11 U.S.C. &sect;362 in respect of the conversion of the Note.

This
Note has been issued subject to investment representations of the original purchaser hereof and may be transferred or exchanged
only in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Act&rdquo;)
 and other applicable state and foreign
securities laws. In the event of any proposed transfer of this Note
 the Company may require
 prior to issuance of a new Note
in the name of such other person
 that it receive reasonable transfer documentation including legal opinions that the issuance
of the Note in such other name does not and will not cause a violation of the Act or any applicable state or foreign securities
laws. Prior to due presentment for transfer of this Note
 the Company and any agent of the Company may treat the person in whose
name this Note is duly registered on the Company&rsquo;s Note Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment
as herein provided and for all other purposes
 whether or not this Note be overdue
 and neither the Company nor any such agent
shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

 which is absolute and unconditional
 to
pay the principal of this Note at the time
 place
 and rate
 and in the coin or currency
 herein prescribed. This Note is a direct
obligation of the Company.

The
Holder of the Note
 by acceptance hereof
 agrees that this Note is being acquired for investment and that such Holder will not
offer
 sell or otherwise dispose of this Note or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof except under circumstances
which will not result in a violation of the Act or any applicable state Blue Sky or foreign laws or similar laws relating to the
sale of securities.

This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut. Each of the parties
consents to the jurisdiction of the federal or state courts whose districts encompass any part of the State of Connecticut in
connection with any dispute arising under this Note and hereby waives
 to the maximum extent permitted by law
 any objection

 



    
    


Each of the parties hereby waives the right to a trial by jury in connection with any dispute arising under this
Note.


of Default&rdquo;:


The Company shall default in the payment of principal and interest on this
Note and same shall continue for a period of five (5) days; or


Any of the representations or warranties made by the Company herein
 in
any certificate or financial or other written statements heretofore or hereafter furnished by the Company in connection with the
execution and delivery of this Note shall be false or misleading in any material respect at the time made; or


The Company shall fail to perform or observe
 in any material respect
 any
other covenant
 term
 provision
 condition
 agreement or obligation of any Note and such failure shall continue uncured for a period
of thirty (30) days after written notice from the Holder of such failure; or


The Company fails to authorize or to cause its Transfer Agent to issue shares
of Common Stock upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note
 fails
to transfer or to cause its Transfer Agent to transfer any certificate for shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion
of this Note and when required by this Note
 and such transfer is otherwise lawful
 or fails to remove any restrictive legend on
any certificate or fails to cause its Transfer Agent to remove such restricted legend
 in each case where such removal is lawful
as and when required by this Note
 the Agreement
 and any such failure shall continue uncured for ten (10) business days; or


The Company shall (1) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally
as they mature; (2) make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or commence proceedings for its dissolution; or (3) apply for
or consent to the appointment of a trustee
 liquidator or receiver for its or for a substantial part of its property or business;
or


A trustee
 liquidator or receiver shall be appointed for the Company or
for a substantial part of its property or business without its consent and shall not be discharged within sixty (60) days after
such appointment; or


Any governmental agency or any court of competent jurisdiction at the
                                                                instance of any governmental agency shall assume custody or control of the
                                                                whole or any substantial portion of the properties or assets of the Company and shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days
                                                                thereafter; or



    
    




Any money judgment
 writ or warrant of attachment
or similar process in excess of Two Hundred Thousand
($200
000) Dollars in the aggregate shall be entered or filed against the Company or any of its properties or other assets and
shall remain unpaid
 unvacated
 unbonded or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days or in any event later than five (5) days prior
to the date of any proposed sale thereunder; or




Bankruptcy
 reorganization
 insolvency
or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall
be instituted by or against the Company and
 if instituted against the Company
 shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days after
such institution or the Company shall by any action or answer approve of; consent to
 or acquiesce in any such proceedings or admit
the material allegations of
 or default in answering a petition filed in any such proceeding; or




The Company shall have its Common
Stock suspended or delisted from an exchange or over-the-counter market from trading for in excess of five trading days.



 or at any time
thereafter
 and in each and every such case
 unless such Event of Default shall have been waived in writing by the Holder (which
waiver shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent default) at the option of the Holder and in the Holders sole discretion
the Holder may consider all obligations under this Note immediately due and payable within five (5) days of notice
 without presentment
demand
 protest or notice of any kinds
 all of which are hereby expressly waived
 anything herein or in any note or other instruments
contained to the contrary notwithstanding
 and the Holder may immediately enforce any and all of the Holders rights and remedies
provided herein or any other rights or remedies afforded by law.


may not convert this Note to the extent such conversion would result in the Holder
 together with any affiliate thereof
beneficially owning (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder)
in excess of 9.999% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock held by such Holder after application of this
Section. Since the Holder will not be obligated to report to the Company the number of shares of Common Stock it may hold at
the time of a conversion hereunder
 unless the conversion at issue would result in the issuance of shares of Common Stock in
excess of 9.999% of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock without regard to any other shares which may be beneficially
owned by the Holder or an affiliate thereof; the Holder shall have the authority and obligation to determine whether the
restriction contained in this Section will limit any particular conversion hereunder and to the extent that the Holder
determines that the limitation contained in this Section applies
 the determination of which portion of the principal amount
of Note are convertible shall be the responsibility and obligation of the Holder. If the Holder has delivered a Conversion
Notice for a principal amount of Note that would result in the issuance of in excess of the permitted amount hereunder
without regard to any other shares that the Holder or its affiliates may beneficially own
 the Company shall notify the
Holder of this fact and shall honor the conversion for the maximum principal amount permitted to be converted on such
Conversion Date and
 at the option of the Holder
 either retain any principal amount tendered for conversion in excess of the
permitted amount hereunder for future conversions or return such excess principal amount to the Holder. The provisions of
this Section may be waived by a Holder (but only as to itself and not to any other Holder) upon not less than 65 days
prior notice to the Company. Other Holders shall be unaffected by any such waiver.



    
    



contained in this Note shall be construed as conferring upon the Holder the right to vote or to receive dividends or to
consent or receive notice as a shareholder in respect of any meeting of shareholders or any rights whatsoever as a
shareholder of the Company
 unless and to the extent converted in accordance with the terms hereof.


the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized.



    
    

    

    

    
    
        
        

    
        
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    













     



EXHIBIT
(10)(124)

MILFORD
CRAFT
 LLC




OPERATING
AGREEMENT



As of May 29
 2015



    
    


OPERATING
AGREEMENT

THIS
OPERATING AGREEMENT (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) of MILFORD CRAFT
 LLC
 a Connecticut limited liability company (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
dated as of May __
 2015
 by and among New England WOB
 LLC and Attitude Beer Holding Co. (each a &ldquo;Member and collectively
the &ldquo;Members&rdquo;).

WHEREAS
the Company
 was formed as a limited liability company pursuant to the laws of the State of Connecticut by filing the Articles
of Organization with the Connecticut Secretary of State on April 10
 2015
 as the same may be amended
 supplemented or modified
from time to time (the &ldquo;

WHEREAS
the undersigned desire to provide for the regulation and establishment of the affairs of the Company
 the conduct of its business
and the relations among them as Members of the Company.

NOW
THEREFORE
 for and in consideration of the premises stated
 and for other good and valuable consideration
 the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged
 the Members hereby agree as follows:

Article
1


SECTION
 As used herein
 the following terms have the following respective meanings:

&rdquo;

 as amended from time to
time.

Adjusted
 means the cash contributed by a Member
 (i) reduced from time to time by cash distributions from
the Company to him in accordance with Section 5.2(b)(ii) herein
 and (ii) increased from time to time by any additional cash contributions
made by him in accordance with Section 3.2(a) herein
 and (iii) otherwise adjusted as required under Treasury Regulations &sect;&nbsp;1.704-1(b)(2)(iv).

&rdquo;

 or indirectly through one or more intermediaries
 controls
 or is controlled by
 or is under
common control with
 another Person.

&rdquo;

 as amended from time to time.

Available
 means all cash of the Company after paying its current obligations and making the appropriate reservations
for foreseeable future expenses.


with respect to any Person
 means (i) making an assignment for the benefit of creditors
 (ii) filing a voluntary petition in bankruptcy
(iii) becoming the subject of an order for relief or being-declared insolvent in any federal or state bankruptcy or insolvency
proceeding (unless such order is dismissed within ninety (90) days following entry)
 (iv) filing a petition or answer seeking
for itself any reorganization
 arrangement
 composition
 readjustment
 liquidation
 dissolution or similar relief under any statute
law
 or regulation
 (v) filing an answer or other pleading admitting or failing to contest the material allegation of a petition
filed against it in any proceeding similar in nature to those described in the preceding clause
 or otherwise failing to obtain
dismissal of such petition within one hundred- twenty (120) days following its filing
 or (vi) seeking
 consenting to
 or acquiescing
in
 the appointment of a trustee
 receiver
 or liquidator of all or any substantial part of its properties.



    
    


Capital
Contribution

Capital
Proceeds

&rdquo;

 as amended
 and any successor statute.

&rdquo;

 LLC
 a New York limited liability company.


&rdquo;
with respect to any member who is a natural person
 shall mean the entry by a court of competent jurisdiction of an order or decree
adjudicating such Member incompetent to manage his person or his estate.

&rdquo;


&rdquo;

 with respect to any asset
 any mortgage
 lien
 pledge
 charge
 security interest
 conditional sale agreement or encumbrance
of any kind
 or any other type of preferential arrangement that has the practical effect of creating a security interest in respect
of such asset.

&rdquo;

 or if there are no Manager at the time in question
 such other Person who is appointed in accordance with
applicable law to take all actions related to the winding up of the Company&rsquo;s business and the distribution of the Company&rsquo;s
assets.

&rdquo;

 LLC.

Management
shall mean 4% of Net Sales. Net Sales shall mean the total revenue from sales generated by a company
 less
deduction of returns
 allowances for damaged or missing goods and any discounts allowed.

&rdquo;

as a member of the Company.

Member
 means
 at any time
 any combination of Members holding
 in
the aggregate
 a majority of all of the Interests.

Membership
Interest

Membership
 means
 with respect to each Member
&rdquo; attached
hereto.

Net
 means
 for any period
 the net profits and net losses
 respectively
 derived from the operation
of the Company for Federal income tax purposes
 including gains and losses on the sale of all or any portion of the Company&rsquo;s
assets.

&rdquo;

 relevant or necessary to satisfy the purposes
for which such notice is being delivered.



    
    


Operating
&rdquo; means cash reserves of the Company held by the Company to ensure it can make future payments despite any
drop in revenue. Operating Reserves shall not exceed two (&ldquo;2&rdquo;) months expenses determined by taking the average monthly
expense for the previous 12 months.

P&amp;L
&rdquo; means a person entitled to participate in the profits and losses of the Company but shall not be a
Member of the Company and shall not have any voting rights
 equity interest or stake in the Company. A P&amp;L Participant shall
solely have a contractual agreement with the Company.

&rdquo;

 corporation (stock or nonstock)
 limited liability company
 limited partnership
 general partnership
joint stock company
 joint venture
 association (profit or nonprofit)
 company
 estate
 trust
 bank
 trust company
 land trust
business trust or other organization
 whether or not a legal entity
 and any government agency or political subdivision thereof.

Securities
 means the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 and any successor statute
 and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.

&rdquo;

 transfer
 assignment
 pledge
 mortgage
 hypothecation
 encumbrance
 distribution or other disposition of any
Interests.

Treasury
 means regulations adopted by the Treasury Department of the United States governing application and
enforcement of the Code. Any reference to a section or provision of the Treasury Regulations shall be deemed to refer also to
such section or provision as amended or superseded.

Unreturned
 of any Member means
 at any date
 the Capital Contributions of such Member reduced from time
to time (but not below zero) by any distribution to such Member pursuant to Section 5.2(b)(ii) hereof.

Article
2


SECTION
 The address of the registered office of the Company is 3472 Pine Haven
Circle
 Boca Raton
 FL 33431 and the registered agent is Corporate Creations Network
 Inc.

SECTION
 The address of the principal office of the Company shall be 3472 Pine Haven Circle
 Boca Raton
FL 33431 or such other place as the Manager may from time to time determine.

SECTION
2.3&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

SECTION
 The Members shall promptly sign and file all certificates
 amendments or other instruments as required
by law to maintain the Company in good standing as a limited liability company in all jurisdictions in which it conducts business
including without limitation
 as required to comply with any fictitious name statutes.

SECTION

 The Manager may make such changes in the registered office
 registered agent
and principal office as they may deem necessary or advisable
 and shall give Notice to all Members promptly following any such
change. The Company may maintain such other or additional business offices at such other place or places as the Manager may from
time to time deem advisable.



    
    


SECTION
2.6&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;To
own
 improve
 develop
 operate and manage a World of Beer Franchise in Milford
 Connecticut; and

(b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;To
engage in any business related or incidental to one or more of the foregoing activities.

The
Members have entered into a Joint Venture Agreement dated December 24
 2014
 regarding the establishment of World of Beer franchises
(the &ldquo;JV Agreement&rdquo;).

SECTION
 The Company is authorized and empowered to do any and all acts and things necessary
 appropriate
proper
 advisable
 incidental to
 or convenient for the furtherance and accomplishment of its purposes
 and for the protection
and benefit of the Company
 including without limitation
 all acts and things permitted under the Act and this Agreement.

SECTION

 Properties
 The Company shall maintain
 preserve
 and keep in full force and effect
its limited liability company existence and all rights
 franchises
 licenses and permits necessary to the proper conduct of its
business
 and the ownership
 lease
 or operation of its properties which
 if not so maintained
 could reasonably be expected to
have a material adverse effect on the Company
 and to take all action which may be reasonably required to obtain
 preserve
 renew
and extend all material licenses
 permits
 authorizations
 trade names
 trademarks
 service names
 service marks
 copyrights and
patents which are necessary for the continuance of the operation of any such property by the Company.

SECTION
 The Members and their respective Membership Percentages shall are set forth
in &ldquo;

SECTION
 All Members shall have the right to vote their membership interest in proportion to their respective
Membership Percentages shall are set forth in &ldquo;

SECTION
 The Manger may grant solely to significant
employees of the Company the rights to be a P&amp;L Participant of the Company
 up to five percent (5%) of the Company&rsquo;s
profits and losses. Such P&amp;L Participant shall participate in the profits and losses as if such person was a Member. All P&amp;L
Participant shall be identified on Schedule C and their participation with the Members in the profits and losses of the Company
shall be set forth on Schedule B. No Member or employee of a Member may be a P&amp;L Participant. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

Article
3


SECTION
 The members have made an initial capital contribution as set forth on Schedule
A.



    
    


SECTION
3.2

(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Upon
the consent of a Majority of Members
 the Manager shall have the right to require additional capital contributions (&ldquo;Capital
Calls&rdquo;) from the Members to be paid on a pro rata basis as to all Members in accordance with the percentages set forth on
Schedule A.

(b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Manager may obtain Company loans to cover any Company required Additional Capital Contributions
 with the consent of the Members
holding a majority of the Membership Interest in the Company.

(c)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;In
the event that a Member fails to
 or refuses to contribute towards a Capital Call (the &ldquo;Defaulting Member&rdquo;)
 then
either:

(i)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
remaining Members may elect to purchase the Membership Interest from the Defaulting Member
 at a 15% discount to the Defaulting
Member&rsquo;s Initial Capital Contribution; or

(ii)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
remaining Members may elect to contribute the necessary funds (the &ldquo;Lending Members&rdquo;) on behalf of the Defaulting
Member which shall be considered a loan to the Defaulting Member
 to be secured by its Membership Interest in the Company.

(A)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Any
loan given to the Company by the Lending Member on behalf of the Defaulting Member
 shall accrue interest at a rate of 300 basis
points above LIBOR per annum. In the event of a Distribution by the Manager under Article 5 herein or under a dissolution of the
Company under Article 10 herein
 the Manager shall use the funds attributable to the Defaulting Member
 to first pay off any loans
to the Defaulting Member by the Lending Member.

(B)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;In
furtherance of any loan to any Defaulting Member by the Lending Members in accordance with this Section
 the Members hereby expressly
agree to execute any and all loan documents which the Company&rsquo;s attorneys deem necessary
 including but not limited to;
a Note
 Guaranty
 Loan Agreement
 and Pledge Agreement. Furthermore
 the Defaulting Member shall be responsible to pay for all
legal fees that the Company shall incur in furtherance of such loan.

SECTION
 The contributions of the Members to the capital of the Company shall be returned
to them in cash
 in whole or in part
 at any time in the discretion of the Manager in accordance with Section 5.2(b) herein.

SECTION
. Upon the satisfaction of all the Company&rsquo;s financing obligations
 or a
liquidation of the assets of the LLC
 or the dissolution of the LLC
 the Capital Contributions shall be returned to the Members
pro rata in accordance with each Member&rsquo;s Capital Contributions.

SECTION
. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement
 or as required to comply with
the Code and Treasury Regulations
 no Member shall have priority over any other Member as to any allocations
 distributions
 or
return of all or any part of its Capital Contributions.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

SECTION
. No dilution of the membership interest of any member shall occur without the consent of World of Beer
Franchising
 Inc.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



    
    



Article
4


SECTION
 Net profits and net losses shall be allocated in the proportions set
forth on Schedule B.

SECTION
 Notwithstanding Section 4.1 hereof


(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Appropriate
adjustments shall be made to the allocations of Net Profits and Net Losses to the extent required under Section 704(c) of the
Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder and under Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(d)
 (e)
 (f) and (g) of the Treasury Regulations;

(b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Appropriate
adjustments shall be made to the allocations of Net Profits and Net Losses to the extent required to comply with the &ldquo;qualified
income offset&rdquo; provisions of Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) of the Treasury Regulations; the partnership &ldquo;minimum gain
chargeback&rdquo; provisions of Section 1.704-2(f) of the Treasury Regulations; and the &ldquo;partner nonrecourse deduction&rdquo;
and &ldquo;partner nonrecourse debt minimum gain chargeback&rdquo; provisions of Section 1.704-2(i) of the Treasury Regulations
all issued pursuant to Section 704(b) of the Code. To the extent permitted by such Treasury Regulations
 the allocations in such
year and subsequent years shall be further adjusted so that the cumulative effect of all the allocations shall be the same as
if all such allocations were made pursuant to Section 4.1 hereof (as adjusted by Section 4.3(a) hereof) without regard to this
Section 4.3(b).

SECTION
 For purposes of determining the Net Profits
 Net Losses
 or any other items allocable
to any period
 Net Profits
 Net Losses
 and any such other items shall be determined on a daily
 monthly
 or other basis
 as determined
by the Manager using any permissible method under Code &sect; 706 and the Treasury Regulations applicable thereto.

SECTION
. &ldquo;Recapture Income
&rdquo; if any
 realized by the Company pursuant to Sections 1245
or 1250 of the Code shall be allocated to the Members to whom the prior corresponding depreciation deductions were allocated
in proportion to the amounts of such depreciation deductions previously allocated to them.

Article
5


SECTION
 No Member shall be entitled to demand and receive distributions other than in cash form.
Any non-cash Company assets distributed in kind shall be distributed to the Members entitled thereto as tenants-in-common owning
undivided interests in the same proportion as would be applicable to cash distributions
 however
 such distribution in kind may
only be made with consent of the Members holding a Member Majority.

SECTION
5.2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

Available
Cash
shall make distributions on a monthly basis.



    
    


Capital
Proceeds
time and the establishment of any Operating Reserves which the Manager determines
 in his sole discretion necessary for reasonable
ongoing business requirements
 and necessary to provide for any contingent or unforeseen liabilities or obligations of the Company
shall be distributed in accordance with the following order of priority:

(i)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;First
to repay the Capital Contributions of the Members as set forth on Schedule A; and

(ii)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Second
in the percentages set forth on Schedule B.

Article
6




SECTION
6.1&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;A
Member shall have the right to withdraw his Capital Contribution upon the termination of the Company as provided in Section 10.2
hereof
 provided
 however
 that no part of the Capital Contribution of any Member shall be withdrawn unless all liabilities of
the Company
 except obligations to Members on account of their Capital Contributions
 have been paid
 or unless the Company has
assets sufficient to pay them.

(b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Within
ninety (90) days following the Resignation or the Bankruptcy (other than by reason of death or incompetency) of a Member
 the
Company shall dissolve unless
 within such applicable period
 a majority in interest of the Members (excluding for such purpose
the successor in interest to the terminated Member&rsquo;s Interest) elect in writing to continue the Company on such terms as
they may agree upon in writing. If an election to continue the Company is so made then the Company shall continue in existence
until the end of the term for which it has been formed
 or until a subsequent Resignation (other than by reason of death or incompetency)
Bankruptcy or other event of dissolution occurs.

(c)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
death or Incompetency of a Member shall neither dissolve nor terminate the Company.

SECTION
6.2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Except
as expressly provided herein
 no Member shall have the right to Transfer all or any part of its Interest without the prior written
consent of the Manager
 which may be withheld in his sole discretion
 according to reasonable terms.

Upon
the consent of the Manager
 a Member may transfer his Membership Interest in the Company to a permitted transferee (&ldquo;Transferee&rdquo;).
Such Transferee shall be required to pay the Company&rsquo;s legal fees in connection with effectuating such Transfer as a condition
precedent to the consent. Such Transferee shall be bound to the same extent as a Member hereunder in making a Transfer of his
Interest. Any purported Transfer in violation of the provisions of this Agreement shall be null and void ab initio.

(b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Notwithstanding
subparagraph (a) above
 any Member may Transfer all of his Interest during his lifetime to;



    
    


(i)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;an
entity that is wholly controlled
 and continues to be controlled by that Member.

(ii)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;another
Member of the Company
 pursuant to Section 6.2 herein.

(iii)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;an
immediate family member of the Member or a trust for the benefit of an immediate family member.

For
purposes of this subparagraph (b)
 the term &ldquo;Entity&rdquo; shall be limited to the transfer of Member&rsquo;s interest to
a Corporation
 LLC or Trust. If control of such Entity is transferred to another individual or another entity
 such change and
transfer shall constitute an unauthorized transfer pursuant to the terms of this agreement.

(c)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein
 pursuant to Section 6.1(a) or the applicability of Section 6.1(b) or 6.2 hereof:

(i)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No
Transfer of an Interest shall be made if the Interest which is the subject of a proposed Transfer when added to the total of all
other Interests Transferred within the period of twelve (12) consecutive months prior thereto would result in the termination
of the Company under Section 708 of the Code or if the Transfer would cause the Company to lose its status under the Code as a
partnership for Federal income tax purposes.

(ii)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No
Interest shall be transferred unless the registration provisions of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 and all applicable
state &ldquo;blue sky laws&rdquo; have been complied with or unless compliance with such provisions is not required
 each Member
recognizing that no interest in the Company has been registered under Federal or state securities laws. The Manager may request
in their sole discretion an opinion from the Company&rsquo;s counsel or any other counsel that such transfer will not violate
applicable securities laws. The costs of such opinion shall be paid for by the Transferee.

(iii)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Although
a permitted Transferee pursuant to Sections 6.1(b) or 6.2 shall be treated as an assignee of
 and be entitled to
 all of the rights
of the Selling Member to receive profits
 losses and distributions to the extent of the Interest assigned to him
 no Transferee
whatsoever shall become substituted as a Member in the Company (x) without the prior written consent of a Majority of Members
which may be withheld in their sole discretion
 for any or no reason
 and (y) unless and until such Transferee shall have evidenced
his consent and agreement to be bound by all of the terms and provisions of this Agreement
 and to assume
 as a substituted Member
his pro rata share hereunder of the obligations of his transferor as a Member
 by executing and acknowledging a counterpart of
an amendment of this Agreement and/or such other agreement to that effect as the Manager may request
 each of which shall appropriately
reflect his admission as a member of the Company and his capital contribution thereto
 and such other documents
 all as may reasonably
be required by the Managing Member. Such substitution shall then take effect when the Manager have accepted such person as a Member
and the books and records of the&nbsp;Company reflect such Person as admitted to the Company as a Member. As a condition to such
Transferee becoming a substituted Member
 such Transferee shall also be required to pay the Company&rsquo;s costs and expenses
including but not limited to legal fees and disbursements
 in connection with his becoming a Member.



    
    


(d)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;If
a Transfer or attempted Transfer of an Interest is made other than in accordance with the terms of this Agreement
 it shall be
null and void and no right
 title or interest in the Company shall be transferred.

(e)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No
assignment
 transfer or other disposition of all or any part of the interest of any Member permitted under this Agreement shall
be binding upon the Limited Liability Company unless and until a duly executed and acknowledged counterpart of such assignment
or instrument of transfer
 in form and substance satisfactory to the Company
 has been delivered to the Company.

(f)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;As
between a Member and an assignee or transferee of such Member&rsquo;s interest in accordance with this Agreement
 allocations and distributions
for any fiscal year shall be apportioned as of the date of the assignment or transfer
 on the basis of the number of days before
and after said date
 without regard to the results of the Company&rsquo;s operations before or after the assignment or transfer.

(g)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No
assignment or other disposition of any interest of any Member may be made if such assignment or disposition
 alone or when combined
with other transactions
 would result in the termination of the Company within the meaning of Section 708 of the Internal Revenue
Code or under any other relevant section of the Code or any successor statute. No assignment or other disposition of any interest
of any Member may be made without an opinion of counsel satisfactory to the Company that such assignment or disposition is subject
to an effective registration under
 or exempt from the registration requirements of
 the applicable State and Federal securities
laws. No interest in the Company may be assigned or given to any person below the age of 21 years or to a person who has been
adjudged to be insane or incompetent.

SECTION
6.3&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Anything
herein contained to the contrary
 the Company shall be entitled to treat the record holder of the interest of a Member as the
absolute owner thereof
 and shall incur no liability by reason of distributions made in good faith to such record holder
 unless
and until there has been delivered to the Company the assignment or other instrument of transfer and such other evidence as may
be reasonably required by the Company to establish to the satisfaction of the Limited Liability Company that an interest has been
assigned or transferred in accordance with this Agreement.

(b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Notwithstanding
the forgoing terms
 and subject to Section 6.1(b) herein
 if a Member desires to sell
 or otherwise dispose of all or any part
of its interest in the Company
 such Member (the &ldquo;Selling Member&rdquo;) shall first offer to sell and convey such interest
to any other Members before selling
 or otherwise disposing of such interest to any other person
 corporation or other entity.
Such offer shall be in writing
 shall be given to every other Member
 and shall set forth the interest to be sold
 purchase price
to be paid
 the date on which the closing is to take place
 (which date shall be not less than thirty nor more than sixty days
after the delivery of the offer)
 the location within the State of New York at which the closing is to take place
 and all other
material terms and conditions of the sale
 transfer or the disposition.

(c)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Within
fifteen days after the delivery of said offer to the other Members shall deliver to the Selling Member a written notice either
accepting or rejecting the offer. Failure to deliver said notice within said fifteen days conclusively shall be deemed a rejection
of the offer. Any or all of the other Members may elect to accept the offer
 and if more than one of the other Members elects
to accept the offer
 the interest being sold and the purchase price therefor shall be allocated among the Members so accepting
the offer in proportion to their Members&rsquo; Percentage Interest
 unless they otherwise agree in writing.



    
    


(d)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;If
any or all of the other Members elect to accept the offer
 then (a) upon such acceptance in writing
 the Member(s) shall pay a
non-refundable ten percent (10%) down payment of the purchase price and (b) then the transfer of the Membership Interest shall
be held in accordance with the offer and the Selling Member shall deliver to the other Members who have accepted the offer an
assignment of the interest being sold by the Selling Member
 and said other Member shall pay the remaining balance of the purchase
price prescribed in the offer.

(f)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;If
no other Member accepts the offer
 or if the Members who have accepted such offer default in the obligation to purchase the interest
than the Selling Member within 120 days after the delivery of the offer may sell such interest to any other person or entity at
a purchase price which is not less than the purchase price prescribed in the offer and upon terms and conditions which are substantially
the same as the terms and conditions set forth in the offer
 provided all other applicable requirements of the Agreement are complied
with. An assignment of such interest to a person or entity who is not a Member of the Limited Liability Company shall cause such
Person to become a member upon the execution of the such documents required by Section 6.2(c)(iii).

(g)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;If
the Selling Member does not sell such interest within said 120 days
 then the Selling Member may not thereafter sell such interest
without again offering such interest to the other Members in accordance with this Article 6.

SECTION
 In regards to permitted Transferee&rsquo;s pursuant to Section 6.1
and 6.2 herein
 the Manager shall have the right to admit
 and each of the Members hereby consents to the admission of
 such additional
Members to the Company as the Manager shall unanimously determine in his sole discretion; it being understood no Member shall
have its Membership Percentage reduced without his prior written consent. In the event that the Manager shall determine to admit
one or more Members to the Company
 the Members hereby agree to execute and deliver such documents as the Manager shall request
in order to effectuate the admission of such additional Member(s). Any additional Member(s) admitted to the Company shall be required
to execute a counterpart signature page to this Agreement and
 if required
 an amendment to the Articles of Organization of the
Company and such other documents as the Manager may request in order to effectuate admission to the Company.

SECTION
 The Company and Members acknowledge that Attitude Beer Holding Co. is owned by Harrison
Vickers and Waterman
 Inc.
 a publicly traded company. No change in the direct or indirect ownership of Attitude Beer Holding
Co. shall be deemed a transfer of Attitude Beer Holding Co.&rsquo;s Membership Interest. The Company agrees to fully cooperate
with Attitude Beer Holding Co. and Harrison Vickers and Waterman in supplying all information to Harrison Vickers and Waterman
and its auditor so Harrison Vickers and Waterman can timely comply with its Securities and Exchange Commission reporting obligations.



    
    


SECTION
 The Members acknowledge that the business of the Company is subject to a franchising agreement with WOB
and pursuant to the Franchise Agreement
 the Members may be required to or prohibited from transferring their membership interest
or make other changes to this agreement in accordance with the terms of the Franchise Agreement.

Article
7


SECTION
 New England WOB
 LLC is hereby appointed the Manager of the Company (the &ldquo;Manager&rdquo;). The
business and affairs of the Company shall be managed under the sole direction and control of the Manager
 using reasonable business
practices
 and all powers of the Company shall be exercised by or under the authority of the Manager. No other Person shall have
any right or authority to act for or bind the Company except as permitted in this Agreement or as required by law. The Manager
may be removed by a Majority of Members only for gross negligence or fraud.

SECTION
 The Manager shall have the full power to execute and deliver
 for and on behalf of the
Company
 any and all documents and instruments which may be necessary or desirable to carry on the business of the Company
 including
without limitation
 any and all deeds
 contracts
 leases
 mortgages
 deeds of trust
 promissory notes
 security agreements
 and
financing statements pertaining to the Company&rsquo;s assets or obligations
 and to authorize the confession of judgment against the
Company. No person dealing with the Manager need inquire into the validity or propriety of any document or instrument executed
in the name of the Company by the Manager
 or as to the authority of the Manager in executing the same.

SECTION
7.3

(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No
Member is an agent of the Company solely by virtue of being a Member
 and no Member has authority to act for the Company solely
by virtue of being a Member.

(b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;This
Article 7 supersedes any authority granted to the Members pursuant to Section 412 of the Law. Any non-manager Member who takes
any action or binds the Company in violation of this Article 7 shall be solely responsible for any loss and expense incurred by
the Company as a result of the unauthorized action and shall indemnify and hold the Company harmless with respect to the loss
or expense.

SECTION
 A new Manager can be appointed only by Members holding a Member Majority. Such new
Manager need not be a Member of the company.

SECTION
7.5&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Manager shall not be liable
 responsible
 or accountable
 in damages or otherwise
 to any Member or to the Company for any act
performed by the Manager within the scope of the authority conferred on the Manager by this Agreement
 except for fraud
 bad faith
gross negligence
 or an intentional breach of this Agreement.

(b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Company shall indemnify the Manager for any act performed by the Manager within the scope of the authority conferred on the Manager
by this Agreement
 except for fraud
 bad faith
 gross negligence
 or an intentional breach of this Agreement.



    
    


SECTION
7.6&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Major Decisions

Approval
of Major Decisions.
 certain decisions or actions as set forth
in this Section 7.6 (&ldquo;Major Decisions&rdquo;) may not be taken solely in the Manager&rsquo;s discretion and shall require
the affirmative vote of a Member Majority. Approval of Major Decisions may be given at a Meeting called for that purpose or by
written consent.

Designation
of Major Decisions.

(i)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Other than in the regular course of business
 the sale of all or a substantial portion of the assets owned by the Company. For
this purpose
 Twenty Percent (20%) of the fair market value of the assets owned by the Company shall constitute a &ldquo;substantial
portion.&rdquo;

(ii)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
dissolution
 liquidation or other termination or cessation of the business operations of the Company
 including without limitation
the filing of a voluntary petition in Bankruptcy
 the assignment of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company for
the benefit of the Company&rsquo;s creditors or the appointment of trustee
 liquidator
 administrator or like person or entity
for the purpose of winding up the business and affairs of the Company.

(iii)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Any
change in the principal purpose of the Company&rsquo;s business
 as set forth in Section 2.6 above.

(iv)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Any
borrowing or pledge of assets owned by the Company in excess of $50
000 in the aggregate or any loan to a Member or Manager.

(v)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
admission of new Member.

Article
8


SECTION
 The Members may each engage in or possess interests in other
business ventures of every kind and description for its own account
 including without limitation
 serving as a member
 partner
or shareholder of other entities which own
 either directly or through interests in other entities
 properties similar to the
assets of the Company and neither the Company nor any of the Members shall have any rights by virtue of this Agreement in or to
such other business ventures or to the income or profits derived therefrom
 or to any business opportunities as may become available
to the Manager or any Member
 whether or not similar in nature to the Company&rsquo;s then existing business activities.

SECTION
 The fact that a Member or an affiliate thereof is employed by or is directly
or indirectly interested in or connected with any person
 firm or corporation employed by the Company for real estate management
or otherwise to perform a service
 or from or with which the Company may purchase any property or have other business dealings
shall not prohibit the Member from employing or otherwise dealing with such person
 firm or corporation
 so long as such business
dealing
 contract
 or agreement follows and contains reasonable business terms. Neither the Company nor any of the Members shall
have any rights in or to any income or profits derived therefrom. The said Member or his affiliated company shall not receive
any benefit of any kind
 other that is specifically and contractually agreed upon
 in writing
 between the respective companies
and or parties.



    
    


Article
9


SECTION
 Except to the extent otherwise expressly stated in this Agreement
or prescribed under the Act
 (a) the Members shall have no fiduciary or partnership relationship between or among themselves solely
by reason of their status as Members
 and (b) the rights of each of the Members and the Company to sue for matters and claims
arising out of or pertaining to this Agreement shall not be dependent upon the dissolution
 winding-up or termination of the Company.

SECTION
 Except as provided in Section 9.4
 every Person who was or is a party
 or who is
threatened to be made a party
 to any pending
 completed or impending action
 suit or proceeding of any kind
 whether civil
 criminal
administrative
 arbitrative or investigative (whether or not by or in the right of the Company) by reason of (a) being or having
been a Member of the Company
 (b) being or having been a Member
 manager
 partner
 officer or director of any other entity at
the request of the Company
 or (c) serving or having served in a representative capacity for the Company in connection with any
partnership
 joint venture
 committee
 trust
 employee benefit plan or other enterprise
 shall be indemnified by the Company against
all expenses (including reasonable attorneys&rsquo; fees and expenses)
 judgments
 fines
 penalties
 awards
 costs
 amounts paid
in settlement and liabilities of all kinds
 actually incurred by such Person incidental to or resulting from such action
 suit
or proceeding to the fullest extent permitted under the Act
 without limiting any other indemnification rights to which such Person
otherwise may be entitled. The Company may
 but shall not be required to
 purchase insurance on behalf of such Person against
liability asserted against or incurred by such Person in its capacity as a Manager or Member of the Company
 or arising from such
Person&rsquo;s status as a Manager or Member
 whether or not the Company would have authority to indemnify such Person against
the same liability under the provisions of this Section 9.2 or the Act.

SECTION
 Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement
 no Member or Manager shall
have liability to the Company or other Members for monetary damages resulting from errors made in the exercise of good-faith judgment.

SECTION
9.4&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
indemnification rights and limitations on liabilities set forth in Sections 9.2 and 9.3 shall not apply to claims based upon any
willful misconduct
 intentional breach or disregard of the terms of this Agreement or knowing violation of criminal law or any
federal or state securities law
 including without limitation
 unlawful insider trading or market manipulation for any security
nor shall such indemnification rights and limitations on liabilities preclude the Company or any Member from recovery for any
loss or damage otherwise covered under any insurance policy or fidelity bonding. Nothing herein shall be deemed to prohibit or
limit the Company&rsquo;s right to pay
 or obtain insurance covering
 the costs (including reasonable attorneys&rsquo; fees and
expenses) to defend an indemnitee
 Member or Manager against any such claims
 subject to a full reservation of rights to reimbursement
in the event of a final adjudication adverse to such indemnitee
 Member or Manager.



    
    


(b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;An
indemnitee shall be entitled to recover from an indemnitor all legal costs or expenses
 including reasonable attorney&rsquo;s
fees and expenses
 incurred by such indemnitee to enforce its rights hereunder
 or to collect any sums due from the indemnitor
hereunder.

Article
10


SECTION
 The Company shall be dissolved on the earlier of the expiration of the term of
the Company or upon:

(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Resignation (other than by reason of death or incompetency) or Bankruptcy of a Member unless a majority in interest of the Members
(as defined in Section 6.1(b)) elect to continue the Company pursuant to Section 6.1(b);

(b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Resignation or Bankruptcy of a Member which leaves only one (1) Member remaining
 and no additional or substitute Member is admitted
to the Company in accordance with this Agreement within ninety (90) days thereafter;

(c)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
expiration of thirty (30) days following the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s assets;

(d)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
election by a majority of the Members to liquidate the Company; or

(e)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
occurrence of any other event of dissolution under the provisions of this Agreement or the Act.

SECTION
10.2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Upon
the dissolution of the Company pursuant to Section 10.1
 the Company&rsquo;s business shall be wound up and its assets liquidated
by the Liquidator as provided in this Section 10.2
 and the net proceeds of such liquidation shall be distributed as follows:

(i)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;First
to payment of all debts and liabilities of the Company
 including
 without limitation
 any loans from Members and the expenses
of liquidation;

(ii)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Second
to establishment of any reserves reasonably deemed necessary by the Liquidator for contingent
 unmatured or unforeseen liabilities
or obligations of the Company. Said reserves shall be paid over to an attorney-at-law of the State of New York
 as escrowee
 to
be held by him for the purpose of disbursing such reserves in payment of any of the aforementioned contingencies
 and
 at the
expiration of such period as shall be deemed advisable
 to distribute the balance thereafter remaining in the manner hereinafter
provided
 together with accrued interest thereon
 if any;

(iii)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Third
to those Members having positive Capital Account balances pro rata in the proportion that each such Member&rsquo;s positive Capital
Account balance bears to the aggregate of the positive Capital Account balances of all such Members
 until all Member&rsquo;s
Capital Account balances are equal to zero;

(iv)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Fourth
any funds remaining shall be distributed in the percentages set forth on Schedule B.

(b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Liquidator shall file all certificates and notices of the Company&rsquo;s dissolution required by law. The Liquidator shall sell
and otherwise liquidate the Company&rsquo;s assets without unnecessary delay. Upon the complete liquidation of the Company&rsquo;s
assets and distribution to the Members
 they shall cease to be Members of the Company
 and the Liquidator shall execute
 acknowledge
and cause to be filed all certificates and notices required by law to terminate the existence of the Company.



    
    


Article
11


SECTION
 Amendments to this Agreement to reflect the substitution or addition of a
Member shall be made by written instrument executed by the substituted Member
 the added Member
 or the resigned Member (or its
authorized representative)
 as applicable. Any other amendments to this Agreement may be made by a written instrument executed
by Members holding
 in the aggregate
 at least two-thirds of Membership Interests; 
 
 that no amendment
to this Agreement may:

(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;substantially
alter the purposes of the Company without the written consent of all Members;

(b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;expand
the obligations or liabilities of any Member under this Agreement
 or modify any Member&rsquo;s limited liability
 without the
written consent of such Member;

(c)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;modify
the computational method of determining
 or priority applicable to
 allocations or distributions under Articles 4 and 5 and Section
10.2
 without the written consent of all Members; or

(d)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;amend
this Article 11 without the written consent of all Members.

Article
12


SECTION
 Any loans taken by the Company
 shall be non-recourse loans as to any and all individual
Members or the Manger
 and no Member or Manager shall be required to sign a personal guaranty to in order to secure such loan(s)
unless unanimously consented to by the Members.

Article
13


SECTION
 All records of the Company shall be kept at the principal office of the Company and shall
be available for examination by any Member
 or such Member&rsquo;s duly authorized representatives
 at all reasonable times at
the office of the Company and by way of internet access to Company bank accounts. The method of accounting on which the books
shall be maintained shall be determined by the majority of the Members . The Manager may make on behalf of the Company the election
permitted by Section 754 of the Code. New England WOB
 LLC shall be designated as the &ldquo;tax matters partner&rdquo; (the &ldquo;TMP&rdquo;)
for purposes of the Code and the &ldquo;Designated Person&rdquo; for purposes of maintaining an Investor List to the extent required
by the Code. The TMP is hereby authorized to take such actions as may be required by the Code and the regulations thereunder to
continue such designations. The determination by the TMP with respect to the treatment of any item or its allocation for Federal
state or local tax purposes shall be binding upon all of the Members
 so long as such determination is reasonable and will not
be inconsistent with any express terms hereof. No cause of action shall accrue to any Member under this Section 13.1 if the TMP
acted in good faith to comply with his obligations hereunder. No charge shall be made to the Company for his acting as tax matters
partner. Upon the Resignation or Bankruptcy of the TMP
 a majority of the Members may select a Member to become the new &ldquo;tax
matter partner&rdquo; and &ldquo;Designated Person&rdquo;.



    
    


SECTION
13.2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

SECTION
13.3&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Manager shall have a fiduciary responsibility for the safekeeping and use of all funds and assets of the Company
 whether or not
in their immediate possession or control. The Company&rsquo;s funds shall not be commingled with the funds of any other Person
and the Manager shall not use
 or permit use of
 the Company&rsquo;s funds in any manner except for the benefit of the Company.

(b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;All
funds of the Company not otherwise invested shall be deposited in one or more internet&ndash;accessible accounts maintained in
such federally insured financial institutions as the Manager may deem appropriate
 and withdrawals shall be made only in the regular
course of Company business on such signature or signatures as the Manager may deem appropriate. Usernames and passwords for access
to all accounts shall be made available to all members.

SECTION
 Except as otherwise provided herein
 all Notices
 requests
 consents and other communications hereunder
to the Company or to any Member shall be deemed to be sufficient if contained in a written instrument delivered in person or sent
by telecopier
 nationally-recognized overnight courier or first class registered or certified mail
 return receipt requested
postage prepaid
 addressed as follows:

(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;if
to the Company
 to its principal office set forth in Section 2.4
 as such office may be changed in accordance with Section 2.7.

(b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;if
to any Member
 to its respective address set forth on 

Any
Member may
 at any time and from time to time
 designate a substitute address or addresses for itself by delivering a Notice to
the Company and to each other Member in the manner set forth in this Section. All such Notices
 requests
 consents and other communications
shall be deemed to have been delivered (i) in the case of personal delivery or delivery by telecopier
 on the date of such delivery
(ii) in the case of delivery by nationally-recognized overnight courier
 on the date of such delivery
 and (iii) in the case of
mailing in the manner set forth in this Section
 on the third business day after the posting thereof.

SECTION
. This Agreement shall be binding upon
 and shall inure to the benefit of
 the Members
 and
their respective heirs
 executors
 administrators
 successors and assigns. There shall be no third party beneficiaries of this
Agreement.

SECTION
 This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts
 each of which shall be deemed to
be an original
 and all of which together shall constitute one Agreement binding on all parties hereto
 notwithstanding that not
all parties shall have signed the same counterpart.

SECTION
 If any term or provision of this Agreement or the application thereof to any Person
or circumstance shall
 to any extent
 be invalid or unenforceable
 the remainder of this Agreement and the application of such
term or provision to Persons or circumstances other than those as to which it is held invalid or unenforceable
 shall not be affected
thereby
 and each term and provision of this Agreement shall be valid and be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.



    
    


SECTION
 This Agreement sets forth all (and is intended by the Members to be an integration of all)
of the promises
 agreements and understandings among the Members with respect to the Company
 its business operations and management
the Property and all other Company assets
 and there are no promises
 agreements
 or understandings
 oral or written
 express
or implied
 among them other than as set forth or incorporated herein.

SECTION
 The headings of the sections of this Agreement have been inserted for convenience of reference only
and shall not be deemed to be a part of this Agreement.

SECTION
 Whenever the context may require
 any pronouns used herein shall be deemed to refer
to the masculine
 feminine
 or neuter forms
 and the singular form of nouns
 pronouns and verbs shall include the plural
 and
vice versa.

SECTION
 This Agreement shall be governed by
 and construed and enforced in accordance with
 the laws
of the State of New York.

SECTION
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and
federal courts sitting in New York County
 New York for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or
with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein
 and hereby irrevocably waives
 and agrees not to assert in any suit
action or proceeding
 any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court
 that such suit
 action
or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served
in any such suit
 action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with
evidence of delivery). Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted
by law. Each party irrevocably waives
 to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law
 any and all right to trial by jury in
any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. If either party shall
commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of the documents contemplated herein
 then the prevailing party in
such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys&rsquo; fees and other costs and expenses incurred
with the investigation
 preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

SECTION
 This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts
 and all such executed counterparts
shall constitute one agreement
 binding on all of the parties hereto
 notwithstanding that all of the parties are not signatory
to the original or to the same counterpart.

[REST
OF THIS PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK]



    
    


IN
WITNESS WHEREOF
 the parties hereto have executed this Operating Agreement as of the date first above written.



MILFORD
CRAFT
 LLC



    
    

    
    

Name:
Glenn E. Straub&nbsp;
Title:
Manager of its manager New England World of Beer







    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    



SCHEDULE
A



    
Percentage
    Interest
    

New
England World of Beer&nbsp;
505
S. Flagler Drive
 Suite 1010&nbsp;
West
Palm Beach
 FL 33401&nbsp;
    
    

Attitude
Beer Holding Co.&nbsp;
712
US Highway 1
 Suite 200&nbsp;
North
Palm Beach
 FL 33408&nbsp;
    
$1
373
000*

    
    
1
373
001


*
This amount shall be paid on the following schedule:&nbsp;
1.&nbsp;
$40
000 on or before June 30
 2015;&nbsp;
2.
&nbsp;$78
000 on or before July 30
 2015;&nbsp;
3.
&nbsp;$210
000 on or before October 1
 2015;&nbsp;
4.
&nbsp;$261
250 on or before January 1
 2016;&nbsp;
5.
&nbsp;$261
250 on or before February 1
 2016;&nbsp;
6.
&nbsp;$261
250 on or before March 1
 2016; and&nbsp;
7.
&nbsp;$261
250 on or before April 1
 2016;.


    













     




EXHIBIT
(10)(125)

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE OR UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED. THE SECURITIES ARE RESTRICTED
AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED
 RESOLD
 PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE ACT PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION
OR SAFE HARBOR THEREFROM.


    
    
    


US
                                         $25
000.00
                                                                                                                                             


ATTITUDE
DRINKS INCORPORATED 
PROMISSORY NOTE DUE NOVEMBER 30
 2016

THIS
Note is a duly authorized issuance of up to $25
000.00 of ATTITUDE DRINKS INCORPORATED
 a Delaware corporation and located at
712 U.S. Highway 1
 Suite #200
 North Palm Beach
 Florida 33408 (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) designated as its Note
 pursuant to
the Consulting Agreement entered into by the Company and the Holder as of July 19
 2012.

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED
 the Company promises to pay to SOUTHRIDGE PARTNERS II
 LP
 the registered holder hereof (the &ldquo;Holder&rdquo;)
the principal sum of twenty five thousand and 00/100 Dollars (US $25
000.00) on November 30
 2016 (the &ldquo;Maturity Date&rdquo;).
The principal of this Note is payable at the option of the Holder at any time after the Maturity Date
 in shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock
 $.00001 par value per share (&ldquo;Common Stock&rdquo;) as set forth below
 or in United States dollars
 at the address
last appearing on the Note Register of the Company as designated in writing by the Holder. The Company will pay the outstanding
principal amount of this Note in cash on the Maturity Date to the registered holder of this Note. The forwarding of such wire
transfer shall constitute a payment hereunder and shall satisfy and discharge the liability for principal on this Note to the
extent of the sum represented by such check or wire transfer plus any amounts so deducted.

&nbsp;This
Note is subject to the following additional provisions:

1.&#9;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Note is issuable in denominations of Ten Thousand Dollars (US$10
000) and integral multiples thereof
 provided that the number
of shares to be issued upon conversion is a minimum of 3
000 (unless if at the time of election to convert the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon conversion is less than 3
000). The Note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate principal amount
of Note of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be made
for such registration or transfer or exchange.


    
    


2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9;The
Holder of this Note is entitled any time after the Maturity Date
 subject to the following provisions
 to convert all or a
portion of the principal amount of this Note into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price for each share of Common Stock
equal to the Current Market Price multiplied by eighty percent (80%) (the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo;). &ldquo;Current
Market Price&rdquo; means the average of the closing bid prices for the Common Stock as reported by Bloomberg
 LP or
 if not
so reported
 as reported on the over-the-counter market
 for the five (5) trading days ending on the trading day immediately
before the relevant Conversion Date (as defined below). The amount of shares issuable pursuant to a conversion shall equal
the principal amount (or portion thereof) of the Note to be converted
 divided by the Conversion Price.

Conversion
shall be effectuated by surrendering the Note to the Company
 accompanied by or preceded by facsimile or other delivery to the
Company of the form of conversion notice attached hereto as Exhibit A
 executed by the Holder evidencing such Holder&rsquo;s intention
to convert a specified portion hereof No fractional shares of Common Stock or scrip representing fractions of shares will be issued
on conversion
 but the number of shares issuable shall be rounded to the nearest whole share. The date on which notice of conversion
is given (the &ldquo;Conversion Date&rdquo;) shall be deemed to be the date on which the Holder faxes or otherwise delivers the
conversion notice (&ldquo;Notice of Conversion&rdquo;)
 substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A
 duly executed
 to
the Company. Facsimile delivery of the Notice of Conversion shall be accepted by the Company at facsimile number ________&#9;)
 Certificates representing Common Stock upon conversion will be delivered within three (3)
business days from the Conversion Date. (&ldquo;Delivery Date&rdquo;)

The
Company understands that a delay in the issuance of the Shares of Common Stock beyond the Delivery Date (as defined in this Section)
could result in economic loss to the Holder. As compensation to the Holder for such loss
 the Company agrees to pay late payments
to the Holder for late issuance of Shares upon Conversion
 unless the delay is due to causes beyond the reasonable control of
the Company or the Transfer Agent
 in accordance with the following schedule (where &ldquo;No. Business Days Late&rdquo; refers
to the number of business days which is beyond three (3)) business days after the Delivery Date):&rsquo;



    
    
&nbsp;Late Payment
    For Each $10
000

    
    
of
    Note Principal or Interest

No.
    Business Days Late
    
Amount
    Being Converted

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
$1
000

    
    
$1

10 days



    
    


The
Company shall pay any payments incurred under this Section in immediately available funds upon demand as the Holder&rsquo;s remedy for
such delay. Furthermore
 in addition to any other remedies which may be available to the Holder
 in the event that the Company
fails for any reason to effect delivery of such shares of Common Stock by close of business on the Delivery Date
 unless such
failure is due to causes beyond the Company&rsquo;s reasonable control or that of its Transfer Agent
 the Holder will be entitled to
revoke the relevant Notice of Conversion by delivering a notice to such effect to the Company
 whereupon the Company and the Holder
shall each be restored to their respective positions immediately prior to delivery of such Notice of Conversion; provided
 however
that an amount equal to any payments contemplated by this Section which have accrued through the date of such revocation notice
shall remain due and owing to the Converting Holder notwithstanding such revocation.

If
by the relevant Delivery Date
 the Company fails
 unless such failure is due to causes beyond the Company&rsquo;s reasonable control
or that of its Transfer Agent
 for any reason to deliver the Shares to be issued upon conversion of the Note and after such Delivery
Date
 the Holder of the Note being converted (a &ldquo;Converting Holder&rdquo;) purchases
 in an arm&rsquo;s-length open market transaction
or otherwise
 shares of Common Stock (the &ldquo;Covering Shares&rdquo;) in order to make delivery in satisfaction of a sale of
Common Stock by the Converting Holder (the &ldquo;Sold Shares&rdquo;)
 which delivery such Converting Holder anticipated to make
using the Shares to be issued upon such conversion (a &ldquo;Buy-In&rdquo;)
 the Converting Holder shall have the right
 to require
the Company to pay to the Converting Holder
 in addition to and not in lieu of the amounts due hereunder (but in addition to all
other amounts contemplated in other provisions of the Transaction Agreements
 and not in lieu of any such other amounts)
 the
Buy-In Adjustment Amount (as defined below). The &ldquo;Buy-hi Adjustment Amount&rdquo; is the amount equal to the excess
 if any
of (x) the Converting Holder&rsquo;s total purchase price (including brokerage commissions
 if any) for the Covering Shares over (y)
the net proceeds (after brokerage commissions
 if any) received by the Converting Holder from the sale of the Sold Shares. The
Company shall pay the Buy-In Adjustment Amount to the Company in immediately available funds immediately upon demand by the Converting
Holder. By way of illustration and not in limitation of the foregoing
 if the Converting Holder purchases shares of Common Stock
having a total purchase price (including brokerage commissions) of $11
000 to cover a Buy-1n with respect to shares of Common
Stock it sold for net proceeds of $10
000
 the Buy-In Adjustment Amount which Company will be required to pay to the Converting
Holder will be $1
000.


    
    


In

provided the Company&rsquo;s Transfer Agent is participating in the Depository Trust Company (&ldquo;DTC&rdquo;) Fast Automated Securities
Transfer program
 upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions contained in this paragraph
 so long as the
certificates therefore do not bear a legend and the Holder thereof is not obligated to return such certificate for the placement
of a legend thereon
 the Company shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common
Stock issuable upon conversion to the Holder by crediting the account of Holder&rsquo;s Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal
Agent Commission system.

The
Holder of the Note shall be entitled to exercise its conversion privilege with respect to the Note notwithstanding the commencement
 (the &ldquo;Bankruptcy Code&rdquo;). In the event the Company is a debtor under
the Bankruptcy Code
 the Company hereby waives
 to the fullest extent permitted
 any rights to relief it may have under 11 U.
S .C. &sect;362 in respect of such holder&rsquo;s conversion privilege. The Company hereby waives
 to the fullest extent permitted
any rights to relief it may have under 11 U.S.C. &sect;362 in respect of the conversion of the Note.

3.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
This Note has been issued subject to investment representations of the original purchaser hereof and may be transferred or exchanged
only in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Act&rdquo;)
 and other applicable state and foreign securities
laws. In the event of any proposed transfer of this Note
 the Company may require
 prior to issuance of a new Note in the name
of such other person
 that it receive reasonable transfer documentation including legal opinions that the issuance of the Note
in such other name does not and will not cause a violation of the Act or any applicable state or foreign securities laws. Prior
to due presentment for transfer of this Note
 the Company and any agent of the Company may treat the person in whose name this
Note is duly registered on the Company&rsquo;s Note Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided
and for all other purposes
 whether or not this Note be overdue
 and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected
by notice to the contrary.

4.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
No provision of this Note shall alter or
impair the obligation of the Company
 which is absolute and unconditional
 to pay the principal of this Note at the time
 place
and rate
 and in the coin or currency
 herein prescribed. This Note is a direct obligation of the Company.

5.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
The Holder of the Note
 by acceptance hereof
agrees that this Note is being acquired for investment and that such Holder will not offer
 sell or otherwise dispose of this
Note or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof except under circumstances which will not result in a violation
of the Act or any applicable state Blue Sky or foreign laws or similar laws relating to the sale of securities.

6.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
This Note shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut. Each of the parties consents to the jurisdiction of the federal or state
courts whose districts encompass any part of the State of Connecticut in connection with any dispute arising under this Note and
hereby waives
 to the maximum extent permitted by law
 any objection




    
    


Each
of the parties hereby waives the right to a trial by jury in connection with any dispute arising under this Note.

7.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
The
following shall constitute an &ldquo;Event of Default&rdquo;:


The
Company shall default in the payment of principal and interest on this Note and same shall continue for a period of five (5) days;
or





Any
of the representations or warranties made by the Company herein
 in any certificate or financial or other written statements heretofore
or hereafter furnished by the Company in connection with the execution and delivery of this Note shall be false or misleading
in any material respect at the time made; or





The
Company shall fail to perform or observe
 in any material respect
 any other covenant
 term
 provision
 condition
 agreement or
obligation of any Note and such failure shall continue uncured for a period of thirty (30) days after written notice from the
Holder of such failure; or





The
Company fails to authorize or to cause its Transfer Agent to issue shares of Common Stock upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion
rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note
 fails to transfer or to cause its Transfer Agent to transfer any
certificate for shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of this Note and when required by this Note
 and such
transfer is otherwise lawful
 or fails to remove any restrictive legend on any certificate or fails to cause its Transfer Agent
to remove such restricted legend
 in each case where such removal is lawful
 as and when required by this Note
 the Agreement
and any such failure shall continue uncured for ten (10) business days; or





The
Company shall (1) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they mature; (2) make an assignment for the benefit
of creditors or commence proceedings for its dissolution; or (3) apply for or consent to the appointment of a trustee
 liquidator
or receiver for its or for a substantial part of its property or business; or





A
trustee
 liquidator or receiver shall be appointed for the Company or for a substantial part of its property or business without
its consent and shall not be discharged within sixty (60) days after such appointment; or





Any
governmental agency or any court of competent jurisdiction at the instance of any governmental agency shall assume custody or
control of the whole or any substantial portion of the properties or assets of the Company and shall not be dismissed within sixty
(60) days thereafter; or





    
    



Any money judgment
 writ or warrant of
                                                                                                                                             attachment
 or similar process in excess of Two Hundred Thousand ($200
000) Dollars in the aggregate shall be entered or
                                                                                                                                             filed against the Company or any of its properties or other assets and shall remain unpaid
 unvacated
 unbonded or unstayed
                                                                                                                                             for a period of sixty (60) days or in any event later than five (5) days prior to the date of any proposed sale
                                                                                                                                             thereunder; or





Bankruptcy

 insolvency or liquidation proceedings
                                         or other proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of
                                         debtors shall be instituted by or against the Company and
 if instituted against the
                                         Company
 shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days after such institution or the
                                         Company shall by any action or answer approve of; consent to
 or acquiesce in any such
                                         proceedings or admit the material allegations of
 or default in answering a petition
                                         filed in any such proceeding; or





The
                                         Company shall have its Common Stock suspended or delisted from an exchange or over-the-counter
                                         market from trading for in excess of five trading days.




Then
or at any time thereafter
 and in each and every such case
 unless such Event of Default shall have been waived in writing by
the Holder (which waiver shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent default) at the option of the Holder and in the
Holders sole discretion
 the Holder may consider all obligations under this Note immediately due and payable within five (5) days
of notice
 without presentment
 demand
 protest or notice of any kinds
 all of which are hereby expressly waived
 anything herein
or in any note or other instruments contained to the contrary notwithstanding
 and the Holder may immediately enforce any and
all of the Holders rights and remedies provided herein or any other rights or remedies afforded by law.

8.&#9;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The

 together with any affiliate
thereof
 beneficially owning (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder)
in excess of 9.999% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock held by such Holder after application of this Section.
Since the Holder will not be obligated to report to the Company the number of shares of Common Stock it may hold at the time of
a conversion hereunder
 unless the conversion at issue would result in the issuance of shares of Common Stock in excess of 9.999%
of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock without regard to any other shares which may be beneficially owned by the Holder
or an affiliate thereof; the Holder shall have the authority and obligation to determine whether the restriction contained in
this Section will limit any particular conversion hereunder and to the extent that the Holder determines that the limitation contained
in this Section applies
 the determination of which portion of the principal amount of Note are convertible shall be the responsibility
and obligation of the Holder. If the Holder has delivered a Conversion Notice for a principal amount of Note that would result
in the issuance of in excess of the permitted amount hereunder
 without regard to any other shares that the Holder or its affiliates
may beneficially own
 the Company shall notify the Holder of this fact and shall honor the conversion for the maximum principal
amount permitted to be converted on such Conversion Date and
 at the option of the Holder
 either retain any principal amount
tendered for conversion in excess of the permitted amount hereunder for future conversions or return such excess principal amount
to the Holder. The provisions of this Section may be waived by a Holder (but only as to itself and not to any other Holder) upon
not less than 65 days prior notice to the Company. Other Holders shall be unaffected by any such waiver.


    
    


&nbsp;9.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9;&nbsp;&nbsp;Nothing
right
to vote or to receive dividends or to consent or receive notice as a shareholder in respect of any meeting of shareholders or
any rights whatsoever as a shareholder of the Company
 unless and to the extent converted in accordance with the terms hereof.

&nbsp;IN
WITNESS WHEREOF
 the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized.


    
    

Dated: July 1
 2015
    

    
    
        

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    













     






INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS CONVERTIBLE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION
OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED (THE &ldquo;SECURITIES
ACT&rdquo;)
 AND
 ACCORDINGLY
 MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM
 OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO
 THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES
ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH
EFFECT
 THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO BORROWER. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH
A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN &ldquo;ACCREDITED INVESTOR&rdquo; AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER
LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ISSUED PURSUANT TO
THE EXERCISE OF AN ADDITIONAL INVESTMENT RIGHT ISSUED PURSUANT TO AN ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT AMONG HARRISON VICKERS AND WATERMAN
INC.
 THE INITIAL HOLDER ON APRIL 21
&rdquo;) IN CONNECTION WITH TRANSACTIONS DESCRIBED
THEREIN.

July 29
2015
Principal Amount: $80
000.00

SECURED
CONVERTIBLE NOTE
DUE
JulY 29
 2017


is one of a series of duly authorized and validly issued Notes of HARRISON VICKERS AND WATERMAN INC.
 a Nevada corporation
 (the
&rdquo;)
 having its principal place of business at 4224 White Plains Road
 Floor
 Bronx
New York 10466

 2017
&rdquo; and
 collectively with the other notes of such
series
 the &ldquo;



 
 9490 Vaduz
 Principality of Liechtenstein Fax: + 423
&rdquo;)
 or shall have paid pursuant to the terms hereunder
 the

July 29
&rdquo;) or
such earlier date as this Note is required or permitted to be repaid as provided hereunder
 and to pay interest
 if any
 to the
Holder on the aggregate unconverted and then outstanding principal amount of this Note in accordance with the provisions hereof.


Note has been granted a security interest in assets of the Borrower.



    
    



to the following additional provisions:

.
For the purposes hereof
 in addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Note
 (a) capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein
shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement and (b) the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Alternate
Consideration

Bankruptcy
Event
under any bankruptcy
 reorganization
 arrangement
 adjustment of debt
 relief of debtors
 dissolution
 insolvency or liquidation
or similar law of any jurisdiction relating to Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof
 (b) there is commenced against Borrower or any
Subsidiary thereof any such case or proceeding that is not dismissed within 60 days after commencement
 (c) Borrower or any Subsidiary
thereof is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered
(d) Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it or any substantial part of its
property that is not discharged or stayed within 60 calendar days after such appointment
 (e) Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof
makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors
 (f) Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof calls a meeting of its creditors
with a view to arranging a composition
 adjustment or restructuring of its debts or (g) Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof
 by
any act or failure to act
 expressly indicates its consent to
 approval of or acquiescence in any of the foregoing or takes any
corporate or other action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing.

Beneficial
Ownership Limitation

Business
Day
 any Sunday
 any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or
any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to
close.

&rdquo;
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c)(v).

Change
of Control Transaction
 other than by means of conversion or exercise of the Notes and the Securities issued together
with the Notes
 the occurrence after the date hereof of any of (a) an acquisition after the date hereof by an individual or legal
entity or &ldquo;group&rdquo; (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of effective control (whether
through legal or beneficial ownership of capital stock of Borrower
 by contract or otherwise) of in excess of 50% of the voting
securities of Borrower
 (b) Borrower merges into or consolidates with any other Person
 or any Person merges into or consolidates
with Borrower and
 after giving effect to such transaction
 the stockholders of Borrower immediately prior to such transaction
own less than 50% of the aggregate voting power of Borrower or the successor entity of such transaction
 or (c) Borrower sells
or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to another Person and the stockholders of Borrower immediately prior to such
transaction own less than 50% of the aggregate voting power of the acquiring entity immediately after the transaction
 (d) the
execution by Borrower of an agreement to which Borrower is a party or by which it is bound
 providing for any of the events set
forth in clauses (a) through (d) above.

Closing
Price
on the Trading Market (as reported by Bloomberg L.P. at 4:15 p.m. (New York City time))
 or (b) if there is no such price on such
date
 then the closing bid price on the Trading Market on the date nearest preceding such date (as reported by Bloomberg L.P. at
4:15 p.m. (New York City time))
 or (c)&nbsp; if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted on a Trading Market and if prices
for the Common Stock are then reported in the &ldquo;pink sheets&rdquo; published by Pink OTC Markets
 Inc. (or a similar organization
or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices)
 the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported
or (d)&nbsp;if the shares of Common Stock are not then publicly traded the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holder and reasonably acceptable to Borrower
 the fees and expenses of
which shall be paid by Borrower.



    
    


Common
Stock
 $0.0001 par value
 and any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents
acquire at any time Common Stock
 including
 without limitation
 any debt
 preferred stock
 right
 option
 warrant or other instrument
that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for
 or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive
 Common
Stock.

&rdquo;
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.

Conversion
Date

Conversion
Price

Conversion
Shares
 collectively
 the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note in accordance with the
terms hereof.

&rdquo;
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(d).

Event
of Default

Fundamental
Transaction

Interest
Payment Date

Loan
Documents

Mandatory
Conversion

Mandatory
Conversion Date

Mandatory
Default Amount
Conversion Price on the date the Mandatory Default Amount is either (A) demanded (if demand or notice is required to create an
Event of Default) or otherwise due or (B) paid in full
 whichever has a lower Conversion Price
 multiplied by the VWAP on the date
the Mandatory Default Amount is either (x) demanded or otherwise due or (y) paid in full
 whichever has a higher VWAP
 or (ii)
115% of the outstanding principal amount of this Note and (b) all other amounts
 costs
 expenses and liquidated damages due in
respect of this Note.

New
York Courts

Note
Register

Notice
of Mandatory Conversion



    
    


Original
Issue Date
 regardless of any transfers of any Note and regardless
of the number of instruments which may be issued to evidence such Notes.

Other
Holders

Other
Notes

Permitted
Indebtedness
000 in the aggregate
(other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business)
 (y) all guaranties
 endorsements and other contingent
obligations in respect of indebtedness of others
 whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Borrower&rsquo;s consolidated
balance sheet (or the notes thereto) not affecting more than $200
000 in the aggregate
 except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable
instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of
any lease payments not in excess of $200
000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Borrower
nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

Permitted
Lien
 assessments and other governmental
charges or levies not yet due or Liens for taxes
 assessments and other governmental charges or levies being contested in good
faith and by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves (in the good faith judgment of the management of Borrower) have
been established in accordance with GAAP
 (b) Liens imposed by law which were incurred in the ordinary course of Borrower&rsquo;s
business
 such as carriers&rsquo;
 warehousemen&rsquo;s and mechanics&rsquo; Liens
 statutory landlords&rsquo; Liens
 and other
similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of Borrower&rsquo;s business
 and which (x) do not individually or in the aggregate
materially detract from the value of such property or assets or materially impair the use thereof in the operation of the business
of Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries or (y) are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings
 which proceedings
have the effect of preventing for the foreseeable future the forfeiture or sale of the property or asset subject to such Lien
and (c) Liens incurred prior to the Closing Date in connection with Permitted Indebtedness under clauses (a)
 (b) thereunder
 and
Liens incurred in connection with Permitted Indebtedness under clause (c) thereunder
 provided that such Liens are not secured
by assets of Borrower or its Subsidiaries other than the assets so acquired or leased.

Purchase
Agreement

Purchase
Rights

Reservation
Date

Securities
Act
 as amended
 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Share
Delivery Date

Successor
Entity

Threshold
Period



    
    


Trading
Day

Trading
Market
the date in question: the NYSE MKT
 the Nasdaq Capital Market
 the Nasdaq Global Market
 the Nasdaq Global Select Market
 the New
York Stock Exchange
 the OTC Bulletin Board
 the OTCQB
 or the OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).


Documents&rdquo; shall have the meaning set forth in the Purchase Agreement of even date herewith among the Borrower and other
parties thereto.

&rdquo;
means
 for any date
 the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market
 the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding
date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading
Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time))
 (b)&nbsp; if the OTC Bulletin Board is not a Trading
Market
 the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the OTC Bulletin
Board
 (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on the OTC Bulletin Board and if prices for the Common
Stock are then reported on the OTCQX
 OTCQB or OTC Pink Marketplace maintained by the OTC Markets Group
 Inc. (or a similar organization
or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices)
 the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock on the first
such facility (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices)
 or (d)&nbsp;in all other cases
the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Purchasers
of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to Borrower
 the fees and expenses of which
shall be paid by Borrower.

.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
&nbsp;

Interest
in Cash or in Kind
 and Borrower shall pay
 cumulative interest on the outstanding principal
payable
on each anniversary of the Original Issue Date and on the Maturity Date (each such date
&rdquo;)
(if the Interest Payment Date is not a Trading Day
 the applicable payment shall be due on the next succeeding Trading Day).

Payment
Grace Period

.
The Conversion Rights set forth in Section 4 shall remain in full force and effect immediately from the date hereof and until the
Note is paid in full regardless of the occurrence of an Event of Default. This Note shall be payable in full on the Maturity Date
unless previously converted into Common Stock in accordance with Section 4 hereof.

.
Interest on this Note shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed. Payments made in
connection with this Note shall be applied first to amounts due hereunder other than principal and interest
 thereafter to interest
and finally to principal.



    
    


. Except as
otherwise set forth herein
 all payments made on this Note and the Other Notes and all actions taken by the Borrower with respect
to this Note and the Other Notes
 with respect to this Note and the Other Notes. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein or in the Transaction Documents
 it shall not be considered non-pari passu for a Holder
or Other Holder to elect to receive interest paid in shares of Common Stock or for the Borrower to actually pay interest in shares
of Common Stock to such electing Holder or Other Holder.

Manner
and Place of Payment
at the Holder&rsquo;s offices as designated above in lawful money of the United States of America in immediately available funds
without set-off
 deduction or counterclaim. Upon assignment of the interest of Holder in this Note
 Borrower shall instead make
its payment pursuant to the assignee&rsquo;s instructions upon receipt of written notice thereof. This Note may not be prepaid
or mandatorily converted without the consent of the Holder.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

Different
Denominations
as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be payable for such registration of transfer or exchange.

Investment
Representations
the Purchase Agreement and may be transferred or exchanged only in compliance with the Purchase Agreement and applicable federal
and state securities laws and regulations.

Reliance
on Note Register
 Borrower and any agent of Borrower may treat
the Person in whose name this Note is duly registered on the Note Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment
as herein provided and for all other purposes
 whether or not this Note is overdue
 and neither Borrower nor any such agent shall
be affected by notice to the contrary.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

Voluntary
Conversion
 Note principal and/or at the
election of the Holder accrued interest shall be convertible
 in whole or in part
 into shares of Common Stock at the option of
the Holder
 at any time and from time to time (subject to the conversion limitations set forth in Section&nbsp;4(d) hereof). The
Holder shall effect conversions by delivering to Borrower a Notice of Conversion

A
&rdquo;)
 specifying therein the principal and/or interest amount of this Note
to be converted and the date on which such conversion shall be effected (such date
&rdquo;).
If no Conversion Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion
 the Conversion Date shall be the date that such Notice of Conversion
is deemed delivered hereunder. To effect conversions hereunder
 the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note
to Borrower unless the entire principal amount of this Note has been so converted. Conversions hereunder shall have the effect
of lowering the outstanding principal amount of this Note or accrued interest
 at the option of the Holder
 in an amount equal
to the applicable conversion. The Holder and Borrower shall maintain records showing the principal and interest amount(s) converted
and the date of such conversion(s). Borrower may deliver an objection to any Notice of Conversion only within one (1) Business
Day of delivery of such Notice of Conversion. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy
 the records of the Holder shall be controlling

 and any assignee by acceptance of this Note
 acknowledge and
agree that
 by reason of the provisions of this paragraph
 following conversion of a portion of this Note
 the unpaid and unconverted
principal amount of this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.



    
    


Conversion
Price
equal to the lesser of (i) $0.0025
 or (ii) fifty percent (50%) of the lowest Closing Price of the Common Stock for the thirty
(30) Trading Days preceding the Conversion Date
 subject to adjustment herein (the &ldquo;

Mechanics
of Conversion


. The number of Conversion Shares issuable upon
a conversion hereunder shall be determined by the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the outstanding principal amount of this Note
to be converted plus interest elected by the Holder to be converted by (y) the Conversion Price.

Delivery
Share Delivery
Date
 Borrower shall deliver
 or cause to be delivered
 to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing the
Conversion Shares which
 on or after the earlier of (i) the six month anniversary of the Original Issue Date or (ii) after the
effective date or a current registration statement
 shall be free of restrictive legends and trading restrictions (other than those
which may then be required by the Purchase Agreement) representing the number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon the conversion
of this Note. On or after the earlier of (i) the six month anniversary of the Original Issue Date or (ii) the effective date
 Borrower
shall use its best efforts to deliver any certificate or certificates required to be delivered by Borrower under this Section 4(c)
electronically through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions.

Failure
to Deliver Certificates
 in the case of any Notice of Conversion
 such certificate or certificates are not delivered to
or as directed by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date
 the Holder shall be entitled to elect by written notice to
Borrower at any time on or before its receipt of such certificate or certificates
 to rescind such Conversion
 in which event Borrower
shall promptly return to the Holder any original Note delivered to Borrower and the Holder shall promptly return to Borrower the
Common Stock certificates issued to such Holder pursuant to the rescinded Conversion Notice.



    
    


Obligation
Absolute; Partial Liquidated Damages
of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional
 irrespective of any action or inaction by the
Holder to enforce the same
 any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof
 the recovery of any judgment against any
Person or any action to enforce the same
 or any setoff
 counterclaim
 recoupment
 limitation or termination
 or any breach or
alleged breach by the Holder or any other Person of any obligation to Borrower or any violation or alleged violation of law by
the Holder or any other Person
 and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of Borrower
to the Holder in connection with the issuance of such Conversion Shares; 
 
 that such delivery shall
not operate as a waiver by Borrower of any such action Borrower may have against the Holder. In the event the Holder of this Note
shall elect to convert any or all of the outstanding principal amount hereof
 Borrower may not refuse conversion based on any claim
that the Holder or anyone associated or affiliated with the Holder has been engaged in any violation of law
 agreement or for any
other reason
 unless an injunction from a court
 on notice to Holder
 restraining and or enjoining conversion of all or part of
this Note shall have been sought and obtained
 and Borrower posts a surety bond for the benefit of the Holder in the amount of
150% of the outstanding principal amount of this Note
 which is subject to the injunction
 which bond shall remain in effect until
the completion of arbitration/litigation of the underlying dispute and the proceeds of which shall be payable to the Holder to
the extent it obtains judgment. In the absence of such injunction
 Borrower shall issue Conversion Shares or
 if applicable
 cash
upon a properly noticed conversion. If Borrower fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder such certificate or certificates
pursuant to Section 4(c)(ii) by the Share Delivery Date
 Borrower shall pay to the Holder
 in cash
 as liquidated damages and not
as a penalty
 for each $1
000 of principal amount being converted
 $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the
) Trading Day after such liquidated damages being to accrue) for each Trading Day after such Share Delivery
Date until such certificates are delivered or Holder rescinds such conversion. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder&rsquo;s right
to pursue actual damages or declare an Event of Default pursuant to Section 8 hereof for Borrower&rsquo;s failure to deliver Conversion
Shares within the period specified herein and the Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it hereunder
at law or in equity including
 without limitation
 a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any
such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable
law.

Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Certificates Upon Conversion
if Borrower fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder such certificate or certificates by the Share Delivery Date pursuant
to Section 4(c)(ii)
 and if after such Share Delivery Date the Holder is required by its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open
market transaction or otherwise)
 or the Holder or Holder&rsquo;s brokerage firm otherwise purchases
 shares of Common Stock to
deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Conversion Shares which the Holder was entitled to receive upon the conversion
&rdquo;)
 then Borrower shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder (in addition
to any other remedies available to or elected by the Holder) the amount
 if any
 by which (x) the Holder&rsquo;s total purchase
price (including any brokerage commissions) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number
of shares of Common Stock that the Holder was entitled to receive from the conversion at issue multiplied by (2) the actual sale
price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (including any brokerage commissions) and (B)
at the option of the Holder
 either reissue (if surrendered) this Note in a principal amount equal to the principal amount of the
attempted conversion (in which case such conversion shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of
Common Stock that would have been issued if Borrower had timely complied with its delivery requirements under Section 4(c)(ii).
For example
 if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11
000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an
attempted conversion of this Note with respect to which the actual sale price of the Conversion Shares (including any brokerage
commissions) giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of $10
000 under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence
Borrower shall be required to pay the Holder $1
000. The Holder shall provide Borrower written notice indicating the amounts payable
to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and
 upon request of Borrower
 evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall
limit a Holder&rsquo;s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder
 at law or in equity including
 without limitation
a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to Borrower&rsquo;s failure to timely deliver certificates
representing shares of Common Stock upon conversion of this Note as required pursuant to the terms hereof.



    
    


Reservation
of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion
 and at all times
thereafter reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock for the sole purpose of issuance
upon conversion of this Note as herein provided
 free from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of
Persons other than the Holder (and the other holders of the Notes)
 not less than such aggregate number of shares of the Common
Stock as shall be issuable upon the conversion of the then outstanding principal amount of this Note and interest which has accrued
and would accrue on such principal amount
 assuming such principal amount was not converted through the Maturity Date. Borrower
covenants that all shares of Common Stock that shall be so issuable shall
 upon issue
 be duly authorized
 validly issued
 fully
paid and non-assessable.

Fractional
Shares
any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion
 Borrower shall at its election
either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Conversion
Price or round up to the next whole share.

Transfer
Taxes and Expenses
charge to the Holder hereof for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery
of such certificates
 provided that
 Borrower shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer
involved in the issuance and delivery of any such certificate upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holder of this Note
so converted and Borrower shall not be required to issue or deliver such certificates unless or until the Person or Persons requesting
the issuance thereof shall have paid to Borrower the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of Borrower
that such tax has been paid. Borrower shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Conversion.



    
    


Holder&rsquo;s
Conversion Limitations
 and a Holder shall not have the right to convert
any portion of this Note
 to the extent that after giving effect to the conversion set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion
the Holder (together with the Holder&rsquo;s Affiliates
 and any Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the
Holder&rsquo;s Affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below).&nbsp; For
purposes of the foregoing sentence
 the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates shall
include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note with respect to which such determination is
being made
 but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which are issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining
 unconverted
principal amount of this Note beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates and (ii) exercise or conversion of the
unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of Borrower subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous
to the limitation contained herein (including
 without limitation
 any other Notes or the Warrants) beneficially owned by the Holder
or any of its Affiliates.&nbsp; Except as set forth in the preceding sentence
 for purposes of this Section 4(d)
 beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 4(d) applies
 the determination of whether this Note is convertible
(in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which principal amount of this Note is
convertible shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder
 and the submission of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to be the
Holder&rsquo;s determination of whether this Note may be converted (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together
with any Affiliates) and which principal amount of this Note is convertible
 in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation.
To ensure compliance with this restriction
 the Holder will be deemed to represent to Borrower each time it delivers a Notice of
Conversion that such Notice of Conversion has not violated the restrictions set forth in this paragraph and Borrower shall have
no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition
 a determination as to any group status as contemplated
above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
For purposes of this Section 4(d)
 in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock
 the Holder may rely on the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as stated in the most recent of the following: (i) Borrower&rsquo;s most recent periodic
or annual report filed with the Commission
 as the case may be
 (ii) a more recent public announcement by Borrower
 or (iii) a
more recent written notice by Borrower or Borrower&rsquo;s transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding.&nbsp;
Upon the written or oral request of a Holder
 Borrower shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder
the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding.&nbsp; In any case
 the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall
be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of Borrower
 including this Note
 by the Holder or

Ownership Limitation
effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note held by the Holder. The Holder may decrease
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation at any time and the Holder
 upon not less than 61 days&rsquo; prior notice to Borrower
 may
increase the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 4(d)
 provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of this Note held by the Holder and the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of
 day after such notice
is delivered to Borrower. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in
a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 4(d) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof)
which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation contained herein or to make changes or
supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall
apply to a successor holder of this Note.



    
    


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

Stock
Dividends and Stock Splits
 at any time while this Note is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any Common Stock Equivalents
(which
 for avoidance of doubt
 shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by Borrower upon conversion of the Notes)
(ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares
 (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues
 in the event of a reclassification
of shares of the Common Stock
 any shares of capital stock of Borrower
 then the Conversion Price shall be multiplied by a fraction
of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of Borrower) outstanding immediately
before such event
 and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such
event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination
of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date
in the case of a subdivision
 combination or re-classification.

Subsequent
Rights Offerings
 if at any time Borrower grants
 issues or
sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock
 warrants
 securities or other property pro rata to the record holders
&rdquo;)
 then the Holder will be entitled to acquire
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights
 the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder
had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations
on exercise hereof
 including without limitation
 the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record
is taken for the grant
 issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights
 or
 if no such record is taken
 the date as of which the record
holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant
 issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided
 however
to the extent that the Holder&rsquo;s right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation
 then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or
beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right
to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time
 if ever
 as its right thereto would not result in the
Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

Pro
Rata Distributions
 if Borrower shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock
 by way of return of capital or otherwise
(including
 without limitation
 any distribution of cash
 stock or other securities
 property or options by way of a dividend
spin off
 reclassification
 corporate rearrangement
&rdquo;)
at any time after the issuance of this Note
 then
 in each such case
 the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock
acquirable upon complete exercise of this Note (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof
 including without limitation
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution
 or
 if no such
record is taken
 the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in
such Distribution (
 
 to the extent that the Holder&rsquo;s right to participate in any such Distribution
would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
 then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate
in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution
to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time
 if
ever
 as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).



    
    


Fundamental
Transaction
 at any time while this Note is outstanding
 (i) Borrower
 directly or indirectly
 in one or more related transactions
effects any merger or consolidation of Borrower with or into another Person
 (ii) Borrower
 directly or indirectly
 effects any
sale
 lease
 license
 assignment
 transfer
 conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or
a series of related transactions
 (iii) any
 direct or indirect
 purchase offer
 tender offer or exchange offer (whether by Borrower
or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell
 tender or exchange their shares
for other securities
 cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock
 (iv)
Borrower
 directly or indirectly
 in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification
 reorganization or recapitalization
of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged
for other securities
 cash or property
 (v) Borrower
 directly or indirectly
 in one or more related transactions consummates a
stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including
 without limitation
 a reorganization
 recapitalization
spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares
of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to
 or associated
or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to
 such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination)
&rdquo;)
 then
 upon any subsequent conversion of this Note
 the Holder shall have
the right to receive
 for each Conversion Share that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence
of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 4(d) and Section 4(e) on the conversion of this Note)
the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of Borrower
 if it is the surviving corporation
&rdquo;) receivable as a result of such Fundamental
Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Note is convertible immediately prior to such Fundamental
Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 4(d) and Section 4(e) on the conversion of this Note). For purposes of
any such conversion
 the determination of the Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration
based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one (1) share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction
and Borrower shall apportion the Conversion Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative
value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities
cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction
 then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate
Consideration it receives upon any conversion of this Note following such Fundamental Transaction. Borrower shall cause any successor
&rdquo;) to assume
in writing all of the obligations of Borrower under this Note and the other Transaction Documents (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)
in accordance with the provisions of this Section 5(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall
 at the option
of the holder of this Note
 deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Note a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written
instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Note which is convertible for a corresponding number of shares of
capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable
upon conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Note) prior to such Fundamental Transaction
and with a conversion price which applies the conversion price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account
the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital
stock
 such number of shares of capital stock and such conversion price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value
of this Note immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction)
 and which is reasonably satisfactory in form
and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction
 the Successor Entity shall succeed to
 and
be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction
 the provisions of this Note and the other
Transaction Documents referring to the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; shall refer instead to the Successor Entity)
 and may exercise every
right and power of Borrower and shall assume all of the obligations of Borrower under this Note and the other Transaction Documents
with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as Borrower herein.



    
    


Subsequent
Equity Sales
 at any time while this Note is outstanding
 Borrower or any Subsidiary
 as applicable
 sells or grants any
option to purchase or sells or grants any right to reprice
 or otherwise disposes of or issues (or announces any sale
 grant or
any option to purchase or other disposition)
 any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents entitling any Person to acquire shares
of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the then Conversion Price (such lower price
 the &ldquo;Base
Conversion Price&rdquo; and such issuances
 collectively
 a &ldquo;Dilutive Issuance&rdquo;) (if the holder of the Common Stock
or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time
 whether by operation of purchase price adjustments
 reset provisions
floating conversion
 exercise or exchange prices or otherwise
 or due to warrants
 options or rights per share which are issued
in connection with such issuance
 be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than
the Conversion Price
 such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Conversion Price on such date of the Dilutive
Issuance)
 then the Conversion Price shall be reduced to equal the Base Conversion Price. Such adjustment shall be made whenever
such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 no adjustment will be made under this
Section 6(b) in respect of an Exempt Issuance. If Borrower enters into a Variable Rate Transaction
 despite the prohibition set
forth in the Purchase Agreement
 Borrower shall be deemed to have issued Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents at the lowest
possible conversion price at which such securities may be converted or exercised. Borrower shall notify the Holder in writing
no later than the Trading Day following the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section 6(b)
indicating therein the applicable issuance price
 or applicable reset price
 exchange price
 conversion price and other pricing
terms (such notice
 the &ldquo;Dilutive Issuance Notice&rdquo;). For purposes of clarification
 whether or not Borrower provides
a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 6(b)
 upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance
 the Holder is entitled
to receive a number of Conversion Shares based upon the Base Conversion Price on or after the date of such Dilutive Issuance
 regardless
of whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base Conversion Price in the Notice of Conversion.

.
All calculations under this Section 5 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share
 as the case may be.
For purposes of this Section 5
 the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall
be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of Borrower) issued and outstanding.

Notice
to the Holder

Adjustment
to Conversion Price
 Borrower shall
promptly deliver to each Holder a notice setting forth the Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement
of the facts requiring such adjustment.



    
    



. If (A) Borrower shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in
whatever form) on the Common Stock
 (B) Borrower shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common
Stock
 (C) Borrower shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase
any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights
 (D) the approval of any stockholders of Borrower shall be required in
connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock
 any consolidation or merger to which Borrower is a party
 any sale or
transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of Borrower
 or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted
into other securities
 cash or property or (E) Borrower shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution
 liquidation or
winding up of the affairs of Borrower
 then
 in each case
 Borrower shall cause to be filed at each office or agency maintained
for the purpose of conversion of this Note
 and shall cause to be delivered to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear
upon the Note Register
 at least twenty (20) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified
a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend
 distribution
 redemption
 rights
or warrants
 or if a record is not to be taken
 the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to
such dividend
 distributions
 redemption
 rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification
consolidation
 merger
 sale
 transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close
 and the date as of which it is
expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities
cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification
 consolidation
 merger
 sale
 transfer or share exchange
 provided
that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate
action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes
 or contains
 material
non-public information regarding Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries
 Borrower shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission
pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to convert this Note during the 20-day period commencing
on the date of such notice through the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly
set forth herein.

Redemption
and Mandatory Conversion
 nor convert
any part or all of this Note without the consent of the Holder.

Negative
Covenants
 unless the holders of at least 51% in principal amount
of the then outstanding Notes which must include the Lead Investor shall have otherwise given prior written consent
 Borrower shall
not
 and shall not permit any of the Subsidiaries to
 directly or indirectly:


than Permitted Indebtedness
 enter into
 create
 incur
 assume
 guarantee or suffer to exist any indebtedness for borrowed money
of any kind
 including
 but not limited to
 a guarantee
 on or with respect to any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter
acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom;


than Permitted Liens
 enter into
 create
 incur
 assume or suffer to exist any Liens of any kind
 on or with respect to any of
its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom;



    
    



its charter documents
 including
 without limitation
 its certificate of incorporation and bylaws
 in any manner that materially
and adversely affects any rights of the Holder;


repurchase or offer to repay
 number of shares of its Common
Stock or Common Stock Equivalents other than as to the Conversion Shares as permitted or required under the Transaction Documents;


 defease
 repurchase
 repay or make any payments in respect of
 by the payment of cash or
cash equivalents (in whole or in part
 whether by way of open market purchases
 tender offers
 private transactions or otherwise)
all or any portion of any Indebtedness (other than the Notes if on a pro-rata basis)
 whether by way of payment in respect of principal
of (or premium
 if any) or interest on
 such Indebtedness;




into any transaction with any Affiliate of Borrower which would be required to be disclosed in any public filing with the Commission
unless such transaction is made on an arm&rsquo;s-length basis and expressly approved by a majority of the disinterested directors
of Borrower (even if less than a quorum otherwise required for board approval);


 or loss
theft or destruction of
 any Collateral
 whether or not insured
 or any strike
 lockout
 labor dispute
 embargo
 condemnation
or other casualty which causes
 for more than fifteen (15) consecutive days
 the cessation or substantial curtailment of revenue
producing activities at any facility of Borrower or any Subsidiary
 if any such event or circumstance could have a Material Adverse
Effect; or


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing.

.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;


&rdquo; means
 wherever used herein
 any of the following events (whatever the reason for such event
and whether such event shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment
 decree or
order of any court
 or any order
 rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body):


default in the payment of (A) the principal amount of any Note or (B) liquidated damages and other amounts owing to a Holder on
any Note
 as and when the same shall become due and payable (whether on a Conversion Date or the Maturity Date or by acceleration
or otherwise) which default
 solely in the case of a default under clause (B) above
 is not cured within 7 Trading Days after Borrower
has become or should have become aware of such default;


shall fail to observe or perform any other covenant or agreement contained in the Notes (other than a breach by Borrower of its
obligations to deliver shares of Common Stock to the Holder upon conversion
 which breach is addressed in clause (x) below) which
failure is not cured
 if possible to cure
 within the earlier to occur of (A) 7 Trading Days after notice of such failure sent
by the Holder or by any Other Holder to Borrower and (B) 15 Trading Days after Borrower has become or should have become aware
of such failure;


    
    




default or event of default (subject to any grace or cure period provided in the applicable agreement
 document or instrument)
shall occur under (A) any of the Transaction Documents
 or (B) any other material agreement
 lease
 document or instrument to which
Borrower or any Subsidiary is obligated (and not covered by clause (vi) below);


representation or warranty made in this Note
 any other Transaction Documents
 any written statement pursuant hereto or thereto
or any other report
 financial statement or certificate made or delivered to the Holder or any Other Holder shall be untrue or
incorrect in any material respect as of the date when made or deemed made;


or any Subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X) shall be subject to a Bankruptcy Event;


or any Subsidiary shall default on any of its obligations under any mortgage
 credit agreement or other facility
 indenture agreement
factoring agreement or other instrument under which there may be issued
 or by which there may be secured or evidenced
 any indebtedness
for borrowed money or money due under any long term leasing or factoring arrangement that (a) involves an obligation greater than
$200
000
 whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created
 and (b) results in such indebtedness becoming or
being declared due and payable prior to the date on which it would otherwise become due and payable;


shall be a party to any Change of Control Transaction or Fundamental Transaction or shall agree to sell or dispose of all or in
excess of 30% of its assets in one transaction or a series of related transactions (whether or not such sale would constitute a
Change of Control Transaction);


does not meet the current public information requirements under Rule 144;


&nbsp;Borrower shall fail for any reason to deliver certificates to a Holder prior to the seventh Trading Day after a Conversion
Date pursuant to Section 4(c) or Borrower shall provide at any time notice to the Holder
 including by way of public announcement
of Borrower&rsquo;s intention to not honor requests for conversions of any Notes in accordance with the terms hereof;


&nbsp;any Person shall breach any agreement delivered to the initial Holders pursuant to Section 2.2 of the Purchase Agreement;


&nbsp;any monetary judgment
 writ or similar final process shall be entered or filed against Borrower
 any subsidiary or any of
their respective property or other assets for more than $50
000
 and such judgment
 writ or similar final process shall remain
unvacated
 unbonded or unstayed for a period of 90 calendar days;


dissolution
 liquidation or winding up by Borrower or a material Subsidiary of a substantial portion of their business;


of operations by Borrower or a material Subsidiary;



    
    



failure by Borrower or any material Subsidiary to maintain any material intellectual property rights
 personal
 real property
equipment
 leases or other assets which are necessary to conduct its business (whether now or in the future) and such breach is
not cured with twenty (20) days after written notice to the Borrower from the Holder;


event resulting in the Common Stock no longer being listed or quoted on a Trading Market
 or notification from a Trading Market
that the Borrower is not in compliance with the conditions for such continued quotation and such non-compliance continues for twenty
(20) days following such notification;


Commission or judicial stop trade order or suspension from its Principal Trading Market;


as disclosed in the SEC Reports
 the restatement after the date hereof of any financial statements filed by the Borrower with the
Commission for any date or period from two years prior to the Original Issue Date and until this Note is no longer outstanding
if the result of such restatement would
 by comparison to the unrestated financial statements
 have constituted a Material Adverse
Effect. For the avoidance of doubt
 any restatement related to new accounting pronouncements shall not constitute a default under
this Section;


Borrower effectuates a reverse split of its Common Stock without ten (10) days prior written notice to the Holder;


Borrower fails to have authorized and reserved 150% of the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of the Notes including Conversion
Shares issuable upon conversion of interest through the Maturity Date;


failure by Borrower to notify Holder of any material event of which Borrower is obligated to notify Holder pursuant to the terms
of this Note or any other Transaction Document;


default by the Borrower of a material term
 covenant
 warranty or undertaking of any other agreement to which the Borrower and
Holder are parties
 or the occurrence of an event of default under any such other agreement to which Borrower and Holder are parties
which is not cured after any required notice and/or cure period;


occurrence of an Event of Default under any Other Note; or


provision of any Transaction Document shall at any time for any reason (other than pursuant to the express terms thereof) cease
to be valid and binding on or enforceable against the parties thereto
 or the validity or enforceability thereof shall be contested
by any party thereto
 or a proceeding shall be commenced by Borrower or any Subsidiary or any governmental authority having jurisdiction
seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof
 or Borrower or any Subsidiary shall deny in writing that it has
any liability or obligation purported to be created under any Transaction Document.



    
    


Remedies
Upon Event of Default
 Fundamental Transaction and Change of Control Transaction
Transaction or a Change of Control Transaction occurs
 the outstanding principal amount of this Note
 liquidated damages and other
amounts owing in respect thereof through the date of acceleration
 shall become
 at the Holder&rsquo;s election
 immediately due
and payable in cash at the Mandatory Default Amount. Commencing on the Maturity Date and also five (5) days after the occurrence
of any Event of Default interest on this Note shall accrue at an interest rate equal to the lesser of 15% per annum or the maximum
rate permitted under applicable law. Upon the payment in full of the Mandatory Default Amount
 the Holder shall promptly surrender
this Note to or as directed by Borrower. In connection with such acceleration described herein
 the Holder need not provide
 and
Borrower hereby waives
 any presentment
 demand
 protest or other notice of any kind
 and the Holder may immediately and without
expiration of any grace period enforce any and all of its rights and remedies hereunder and all other remedies available to it
under applicable law. Such acceleration may be rescinded and annulled by Holder at any time prior to payment hereunder and the
Holder shall have all rights as a holder of the Note until such time
 if any
 as the Holder receives full payment pursuant to this
Section 8(b). No such rescission or annulment shall affect any subsequent Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon.

Security
Interest/Waiver of Automatic Stay
Agreement
 as delivered by Borrower to Holder. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that should a proceeding under any bankruptcy
or insolvency law be commenced by or against the Borrower or a Subsidiary
 or if any of the Collateral (as defined in the Security
Agreement) should become the subject of any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding
 then the Holder should be entitled to
 among other
relief to which the Holder may be entitled under the Transaction Documents and any other agreement to which the Borrower or a Subsidiary
and Holder are parties (collectively
&rdquo;) and/or applicable law
 an order from the court granting
immediate relief from the automatic stay pursuant to 11 U.S.C. Section 362 to permit the Holder to exercise all of its rights and
remedies pursuant to the Loan Documents and/or applicable law. THE BORROWER EXPRESSLY WAIVES THE BENEFIT OF THE AUTOMATIC STAY
IMPOSED BY 11 U.S.C. SECTION 362. FURTHERMORE
 THE BORROWER EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT NEITHER 11 U.S.C. SECTION 362
NOR ANY OTHER SECTION OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE OR OTHER STATUTE OR RULE (INCLUDING
 WITHOUT LIMITATION
 11 U.S.C. SECTION 105) SHALL
STAY
 INTERDICT
 CONDITION
 REDUCE OR INHIBIT IN ANY WAY THE ABILITY OF THE HOLDER TO ENFORCE ANY OF ITS RIGHTS AND REMEDIES UNDER
THE LOAN DOCUMENTS AND/OR APPLICABLE LAW. The Borrower hereby consents to any motion for relief from stay that may be filed by
the Holder in any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding initiated by or against the Borrower and
 further
 agrees not to file any
opposition to any motion for relief from stay filed by the Holder. The Borrower represents
 acknowledges and agrees that this provision
is a specific and material aspect of the Loan Documents
 and that the Holder would not agree to the terms of the Loan Documents
if this waiver were not a part of this Note. The Borrower further represents
 acknowledges and agrees that this waiver is knowingly
intelligently and voluntarily made
 that neither the Holder nor any person acting on behalf of the Holder has made any representations
to induce this waiver
 that the Borrower has been represented (or has had the opportunity to he represented) in the signing of
this Note and the Loan Documents and in the making of this waiver by independent legal counsel selected by the Borrower and that
the Borrower has discussed this waiver with counsel.&#9;



    
    




.
All notices
 demands
 requests
 consents
 approvals
 and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing
and
 unless otherwise specified herein
 shall be (i) personally served
 (ii) deposited in the mail
 registered or certified
 return
receipt requested
 postage prepaid
 (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid
 or (iv) transmitted
by hand delivery
 telegram
 or facsimile
 addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified
most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed
effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by facsimile
 with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine
at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to
be received)
 or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business
hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service
fully prepaid
 addressed to such address
 or upon actual receipt of such mailing
 whichever shall first occur. The addresses for
such communications shall be: (i) if to Borrower
 to: Harrison Vickers and Waterman Inc.
 4224 White Plains Road
 3
Floor
 Bronx
 New York 10466
 Attn: Roy Warren
 and (ii) if to the Holder
 to: the address and fax number indicated on the front
page of this Note
 with an additional copy by fax only to (which shall not constitute notice): Grushko &amp; Mittman
 P.C.
 515
Rockaway Avenue
 Valley Stream
 New York 11581
 facsimile: (212) 697-3575.

Absolute
Obligation
 no provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of Borrower
which is absolute and unconditional
 to pay the principal of
 liquidated damages and accrued interest
 as applicable
 on this Note
at the time
 place
 and rate
 and in the coin or currency
 herein prescribed. This Note is a direct debt obligation of Borrower.
This Note ranks 

Lost
or Mutilated Note
 lost
 stolen or destroyed
 Borrower shall execute and deliver
 in exchange
and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated Note
 or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost
 stolen or destroyed
Note
 a new Note for the principal amount of this Note so mutilated
 lost
 stolen or destroyed
 but only upon receipt of evidence
of such loss
 theft or destruction of such Note
 and of the ownership hereof
 reasonably satisfactory to Borrower.

Governing
Law
 validity
 enforcement and interpretation of this Note shall be governed by
and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York
 without regard to the principles of conflict
of laws thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation
 enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by any of the Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates
 directors
officers
 shareholders
 employees or agents) shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York
&rdquo;). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the New York Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents)
 and hereby
irrevocably waives
 and agrees not to assert in any suit
 action or proceeding
 any claim that it is not personally subject to
the jurisdiction of such New York Courts
 or such New York Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each
party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit
 action or proceeding
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the
address in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of
process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other
manner permitted by applicable law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives
 to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law
 any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Note or the transactions contemplated
hereby. If any party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Note
 then the prevailing party in
such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in
the investigation

of Borrower for the payment of money and
 without limitation to any other remedies of Holder
 may be enforced against Borrower
by summary proceeding pursuant to New York Civil Procedure Law and Rules Section 3213 or any similar rule or statute in the jurisdiction
where enforcement is sought. For purposes of such rule or statute
 any other document or agreement to which Holder and Borrower
are parties or which Borrower delivered to Holder
 which may be convenient or necessary to determine Holder&rsquo;s rights hereunder
or Borrower&rsquo;s obligations to Holder are deemed a part of this Note
 whether or not such other document or agreement was delivered
together herewith or was executed apart from this Note.


    
    



.
Any waiver by Borrower or the Holder of a breach of any provision of this Note shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver
of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Note. The failure of Borrower or the Holder
to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Note on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that
party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Note on any other occasion.
Any waiver by Borrower or the Holder must be in writing.

.
If any provision of this Note is invalid
 illegal or unenforceable
 the balance of this Note shall remain in effect
 and if any
provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance
 it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other Persons and circumstances.

.
If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable law governing usury
the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum rate of interest permitted under
applicable law. Borrower covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at any time insist upon
 plead
or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of
 any stay
 extension or usury law or other law which would
prohibit or forgive Borrower from paying all or any portion of the principal of or interest on this Note as contemplated herein
wherever enacted
 now or at any time hereafter in force
 or which may affect the covenants or the performance of this Note
 and
Borrower (to the extent it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefits or advantage of any such law
 and covenants
that it will not
 by resort to any such law
 hinder
 delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Holder
 but
will suffer and permit the execution of every such as though no such law has been enacted.

Next
Business Day
 such payment
shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

.
The headings contained herein are for convenience only
 do not constitute a part of this Note and shall not be deemed to limit
or affect any of the provisions hereof.



    
    


.
Unless otherwise provided for hereunder
 this Note may not be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived without the written
consent of Borrower and the Holder.

Facsimile
Signature
 PDF
 electronic signature
or other similar electronic means
 such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the Borrower with the same force
and effect as if such signature page were an original thereof.







    
    



 Borrower has
 day of July
 2015.


    
    
    
    
    

    
HARRISON VICKERS AND WATERMAN
 INC.

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    




    
    







elects to convert principal under the Convertible Note due July 29
 2017 of Harrison Vickers and Waterman
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation
&rdquo;)
&rdquo;)
 of Borrower according
to the conditions hereof
 as of the date written below. If shares of Common Stock are to be issued in the name of a person other
than the undersigned
 the undersigned will pay all transfer taxes payable with respect thereto and is delivering herewith such
certificates and opinions as reasonably requested by Borrower in accordance therewith. No fee will be charged to the holder for
any conversion
 except for such transfer taxes
 if any.


this Notice of Conversion the undersigned represents and warrants to Borrower that its ownership of the Common Stock does not exceed
the amounts specified under Section 4 of this Note
 as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act.


to comply with the prospectus delivery requirements under the applicable securities laws in connection with any transfer of the
aforesaid shares of Common Stock.





    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



______________ through ________________.


    













     



EXHIBIT
(10)(127)

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT
OF 1933
 AS AMENDED (THE &ldquo;SECURITIES ACT&rdquo;)
 AND
 ACCORDINGLY
 MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM
 OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO
THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A
LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT
 THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY.
THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN
ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE CLASS A WARRANT

HARRISON
VICKERS AND WATERMAN INC.




64
000
Initial Exercise Date: July
    29
 2015



Warrant
No: 

THIS
&rdquo;) certifies that
 for value received


 9490 Vaduz
&rdquo;)
is entitled
 upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth
 at any time on
&rdquo;) and on or prior to the close of business on the seven
&rdquo;) but not thereafter
 to subscribe
for and purchase from HARRISON VICKERS AND WATERMAN INC.
&rdquo;)

000

&rdquo;) of Common Stock. The purchase price of
one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price
 as defined in Section 2(b).

Section
. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that
&rdquo;)
 dated April 21
 2015
 among the Company and the
purchasers signatory thereto.



    
    


Section
2

a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made
 in whole or in part
 at any time or times on or after the Initial
Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office or agency of the Company
as it may designate by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company)
of a duly executed facsimile copy of the Notice of Exercise Form annexed hereto. Within two (2) Trading Days following the date
of exercise as aforesaid
 the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice
of Exercise by wire transfer or cashier&rsquo;s check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified
in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary (although
the Holder may surrender the Warrant to
 and receive a replacement Warrant from
 the Company)
 the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder
and the Warrant has been exercised in full
 in which case
 the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation
within three (3) Trading Days of the date the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this
Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of
lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant
Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date
of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise Form within one (1) Trading Day of delivery

 by acceptance of this Warrant
 acknowledge and agree that
 by reason of the provisions
of this paragraph
 following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder
 the number of Warrant Shares available
for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

Exercise
Price
 subject to adjustment
hereunder (the &ldquo;

Cashless
Exercise
 there is no effective registration statement registering
 or no
current prospectus available for the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder
 then this Warrant may also be exercised at the
Holder&rsquo;s election
 in whole or in part
 at such time by means of a &ldquo;cashless exercise&rdquo; in which the Holder shall
be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A)
 where:

(A)&nbsp;
=&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date on which Holder elects to exercise this Warrant by means of a &ldquo;cashless
exercise
&rdquo; as set forth in the applicable Notice of Exercise;

(B)
&nbsp;=&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;the Exercise Price of this Warrant
 as adjusted hereunder; and

(X)&nbsp;
=&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant
if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary
 on the Termination Date
 unless the Holder notifies the Company otherwise
 if there is no effective
Registration Statement registering
 or no current prospectus available for
 the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder
 then
this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant to this Section 2(c).



    
    


Mechanics
of Exercise


Delivery
                                         of Certificates Upon Exercise
                                         be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holder&rsquo;s
                                         prime broker with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian
&rdquo;) if the Company is then a participant in such system
                                         and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of
                                         the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) this Warrant
                                         is being exercised via cashless exercise and Rule 144 is available
 and otherwise by
                                         physical delivery to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by
                                         the date that is three (3) Trading Days after the latest of (A) the delivery to the Company
                                         of the Notice of Exercise
 (B) surrender of this Warrant (if required) and (C) payment
                                         of the aggregate Exercise Price as set forth above (including by cashless exercise
 if
                                         permitted) (such date
&rdquo;). The Warrant
                                         Shares shall be deemed to have been issued
 and Holder or any other person so designated
                                         to be named therein shall be deemed to have become a holder of record of such shares
                                         for all purposes
 as of the date the Warrant has been exercised
 with payment to the
                                         Company of the Exercise Price (or by cashless exercise
 if permitted) and all taxes required
                                         to be paid by the Holder
 if any
 pursuant to Section 2(d)(vi) prior to the issuance
                                         of such shares
 having been paid. The Company understands that a delay in the delivery
                                         of the Warrant Shares after the Warrant Share Delivery Date could result in economic
                                         loss to the Holder. As compensation to the Holder for such loss
 the Company agrees to
                                         pay (as liquidated damages and not as a penalty) to the Holder for late issuance of Warrant
                                         Shares upon exercise of this Warrant the proportionate amount of $10 per Trading Day
) Trading Day) after
                                         the Warrant Share Delivery Date for each $1
000 of Exercise Price of Warrant Shares for
                                         which this Warrant is exercised which are not timely delivered. The Company shall pay
                                         any payments incurred under this Section in immediately available funds upon demand.
                                         Furthermore
 in addition to any other remedies which may be available to the Holder
                                         in the event that the Company fails for any reason to effect delivery of the Warrant
                                         Shares by the Warrant Share Delivery Date
 the Holder may revoke all or part of the relevant
                                         Warrant exercise by delivery of a notice to such effect to the Company
 whereupon the
                                         Company and the Holder shall each be restored to their respective positions immediately
                                         prior to the exercise of the relevant portion of this Warrant
 except that the liquidated
                                         damages described above shall be payable through the date notice of revocation or rescission
                                         is given to the Company.

Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise
 the Company shall
 at the request of a Holder
and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate
 at the time of delivery of the certificate or certificates representing Warrant
Shares
 deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called
for by this Warrant
 which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

Rescission
Rights
the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date
 then the Holder will have the right
 at any
time prior to issuance of such Warrant Shares
 to rescind such exercise.



    
    


Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Certificates Upon Exercise
if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder a certificate or the certificates representing the
Warrant Shares pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date
 and if after such date the Holder is required
by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holder&rsquo;s brokerage firm otherwise purchases
shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving
&rdquo;)
 then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount
 if any
 by
which (x) the Holder&rsquo;s total purchase price (including brokerage commissions
 if any) for the shares of Common Stock so
purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver
to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase
obligation was executed
 and (B) at the option of the Holder
 either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number
of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to
the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise
and delivery obligations hereunder. For example
 if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11
000
to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to
such purchase obligation of $10
000
 under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay
the Holder $1
000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect
of the Buy-In and
 upon request of the Company
 evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder&rsquo;s
right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder
 at law or in equity including
 without limitation
 a decree of specific
performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company&rsquo;s failure to timely deliver certificates representing shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

No
Fractional Shares or Scrip
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise
 the
Company shall
 at its election
 either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction
multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

Charges
Taxes and Expenses
transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such certificate
 all of which taxes and expenses shall
be paid by the Company
 and such certificates shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed
by the Holder; 
 
 that in the event certificates for Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other
than the name of the Holder
 this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto
duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require
 as a condition thereto
 the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse
it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of
any Notice of Exercise.



    
    


Closing
of Books
this Warrant
 pursuant to the terms hereof.

Holder&rsquo;s
Exercise Limitations
 and a Holder shall not have the right to
exercise any portion of this Warrant
 pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise
 to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise
 the Holder (together with the Holder&rsquo;s Affiliates
 and
any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holder&rsquo;s Affiliates)
 would beneficially own
in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below).&nbsp; For purposes of the foregoing sentence
 the number
of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates shall include the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made
 but shall exclude the number of
shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining
 nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially
owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any
other securities of the Company (including
 without limitation
 any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on
conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates.&nbsp;
Except as set forth in the preceding sentence
 for purposes of this Section 2(e)
 beneficial ownership shall be calculated in
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder
 it being acknowledged
by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of
the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent
that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies
 the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation
to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall
be in the sole discretion of the Holder
 and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holder&rsquo;s determination
of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and
of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable
 in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
 and the Company
shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition
 a determination as to any group
status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e)
 in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock
 a
Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company&rsquo;s most recent periodic
or annual report filed with the Commission
 as the case may be
 (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a
more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding.&nbsp;
Upon the written or oral request of a Holder
 the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder
the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding.&nbsp; In any case
 the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall
be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company
 including this Warrant
 by the Holder

Ownership Limitation
effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder
 upon not less than 61 days&rsquo;
prior notice to the Company
 may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e)
 provided
that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions
 day
after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner
otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which
may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements
necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to
a successor holder of this Warrant.



    
    


Section
3

Stock
Dividends and Splits
 at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable
in shares of Common Stock (which
 for avoidance of doubt
 shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon
exercise of this Warrant or pursuant to any of the other Transaction Documents)
 (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common
Stock into a larger number of shares
 (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock
into a smaller number of shares
 or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock
of the Company
 then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number
of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares
 if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator
shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event
 and the number of shares issuable upon
exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain
unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the
determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision
 combination or re-classification.

Subsequent
Rights Offerings
 if at any time the Company grants
 issues
or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock
 warrants
 securities or other property pro rata to the record
&rdquo;)
 then the Holder will be entitled to
acquire
 upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights
 the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired
if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard
to any limitations on exercise hereof
 including without limitation
 the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the
date on which a record is taken for the grant
 issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights
 or
 if no such record is taken
 the date
as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant
 issue or sale of such Purchase Rights
(provided
 however
 to the extent that the Holder&rsquo;s right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the
Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
 then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right
to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and
such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time
 if ever
 as its right thereto would
not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

Pro
Rata Distributions
 at any time while this Warrant is outstanding
 shall distribute to all holders of Common
Stock (and not to the Holder) evidences of its indebtedness or assets (including cash and cash dividends) or rights or warrants
to subscribe for or purchase any security other than the Common Stock (which shall be subject to Section 3(b))
 then in each such
case the Exercise Price shall be adjusted by multiplying the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the record date fixed
for determination of stockholders entitled to receive such distribution by a fraction of which the denominator shall be the VWAP
determined as of the record date mentioned above
 and of which the numerator shall be such VWAP on such record date less the then
per share fair market value at such record date of the portion of such assets or evidence of indebtedness so distributed applicable
to one outstanding share of the Common Stock as determined by the Board of Directors in good faith. In either case the adjustments
shall be described in a statement provided to the Holder of the portion of assets or evidences of indebtedness so distributed
or such subscription rights applicable to one share of Common Stock. Such adjustment shall be made whenever any such distribution
is made and shall become effective immediately after the record date mentioned above.



    
    


Fundamental
Transaction
 at any time while this Warrant is outstanding
 (i) the Company
 directly or indirectly
 in one or more related
transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person
 (ii) the Company
 directly or indirectly
effects any sale
 lease
 license
 assignment
 transfer
 conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets
in one or a series of related transactions
 (iii) any
 direct or indirect
 purchase offer
 tender offer or exchange offer (whether
by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell
 tender or exchange
their shares for other securities
 cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common
Stock
 (iv) the Company
 directly or indirectly
 in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification
 reorganization
or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted
into or exchanged for other securities
 cash or property
 or (v) the Company
 directly or indirectly
 in one or more related transactions
consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including
 without limitation
 a reorganization
recapitalization
 spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group
acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person
or other Persons making or party to
 or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to
 such stock or share
&rdquo;)
 then
 upon any subsequent
exercise of this Warrant
 the Holder shall have the right to receive
 for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon
such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction
 at the option of the Holder (without regard
to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant) the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring
corporation or of the Company
 if it is the surviving corporation
&rdquo;)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant
is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise
of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise
 the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to
apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common
Stock in such Fundamental Transaction
 and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in
a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common
Stock are given any choice as to the securities
 cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction
 then the Holder
shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such
Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
 in the event of a Fundamental Transaction that is (1) an all
cash transaction
 (2) a &ldquo;Rule 13e-3 transaction&rdquo; as defined in Rule 13e-3 under the Exchange Act
 or (3) a Fundamental
Transaction involving a person or entity not traded on a national securities exchange or trading market (with such exchange or
market including
 without limitation
 the Nasdaq Global Select Market
 the Nasdaq Global Market
 or the Nasdaq Capital Market
The New York Stock Exchange
 Inc.
 the NYSE or Amex)
 the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall
 at the Holder&rsquo;s
option
 exercisable concurrently with the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction
 purchase this Warrant from the Holder by
paying to the Holder the higher of (i) an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value of the remaining unexercised portion
of this Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction
 or (ii) the positive difference between the cash
&rdquo;
means the value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant based on the Black and Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the
&ldquo;OV&rdquo; function on Bloomberg
&rdquo;) determined as of the day of consummation of the
applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S.
Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction
and the Termination Date
 (B) an expected volatility equal to the greater of 100% and the 100 day volatility obtained from the
&ldquo;HVT&rdquo; function on Bloomberg as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable
Fundamental Transaction
 (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the sum of the price per share being
offered in cash
 if any
 plus the value of any non-cash consideration
 if any
 being offered in such Fundamental Transaction and
(D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction
and the Termination Date. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not
&rdquo;) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this
Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such
Fundamental Transaction and shall
 at the option of the Holder
 deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security
of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is
exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to
the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise
of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction
 and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder
to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental
Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock
 such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being
for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction)
and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction
the Successor Entity shall succeed to
 and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction
the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; shall refer instead
to the Successor Entity)
 and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the
Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named
as the Company herein.



    
    


e)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Subsequent Equity Sales. If the Company or any Subsidiary thereof
 as applicable
 at any time while this Warrant is outstanding
shall sell or grant any option to purchase
 or sell or grant any right to reprice
 or otherwise issue (or announce any offer
sale
 grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
 at an effective price
per share less than the Exercise Price then in effect
 excluding Exempt Issuances as defined in the Purchase Agreement (such lower
price
 the &ldquo;Base Share Price&rdquo; and such issuances collectively
 a &ldquo;Dilutive Issuance&rdquo;) (it being understood
and agreed that if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time
 whether by operation
of purchase price adjustments
 reset provisions
 floating conversion
 exercise or exchange prices or otherwise
 or due to warrants
options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance
 be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at
an effective price per share that is less than the Exercise Price
 such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than
the Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance at such effective price)
 then simultaneously with the consummation of
each Dilutive Issuance the Exercise Price shall be reduced and only reduced to equal the Base Share Price and the number of Warrant
Shares issuable hereunder shall be increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder
 after taking into account
the decrease in the Exercise Price
 shall be equal to the aggregate Exercise Price prior to such adjustment. Such adjustment shall
be made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 no adjustments shall
be made
 paid or issued under this Section 3(e) in respect of an Exempt Issuance. The Company shall notify the Holder
 in writing
no later than the Trading Day following the issuance or deemed issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject
to this Section 3(e)
 indicating therein the applicable issuance price
 or applicable reset price
 exchange price
 conversion
price and other pricing terms (such notice
 the &ldquo;Dilutive Issuance Notice&rdquo;). For purposes of clarification
 whether
or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 3(e)
 upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance
the Holder is entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares based upon the Base Share Price regardless of whether the Holder
accurately refers to the Base Share Price in the Notice of Exercise. If the Company enters into a Variable Rate Transaction
 despite
the prohibition thereon in the Purchase Agreement
 the Company shall be deemed to have issued Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
at the lowest possible conversion or exercise price at which such securities may be converted or exercised. Notwithstanding the
foregoing
 the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents pursuant to the Purchase Agreement shall not be deemed
a Dilutive Issuance.



    
    


.
All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share
 as the case may be.
For purposes of this Section 3
 the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall
be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares
 if any) issued and outstanding.

Notice
to Holder

Adjustment
to Exercise Price
 the Company shall
promptly mail to the Holder a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the
number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder
Common Stock
 (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock
 (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares
of capital stock of any class or of any rights
 (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection
with any reclassification of the Common Stock
 any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party
 any sale or transfer
of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company
 or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted
into other securities
 or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution
 liquidation or winding up
of the affairs of the Company
 then
 in each case
 to the extent that such information constitutes material non-public information
(as determined in good faith by the Company) the Company shall follow the procedure described in Section 13 of the Subscription
Agreement and shall deliver to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company
 at
least fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified
 a notice stating (x)
the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend
 distribution
 redemption
 rights or warrants
 or if
a record is not to be taken
 the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend
 distributions
redemption
 rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification
 consolidation
 merger
 sale
transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close
 and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the
Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities
 cash or other property deliverable
upon such reclassification
 consolidation
 merger
 sale
 transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to mail such notice
or any defect therein or in the mailing thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified
in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes
 or contains
 material
 non-public information regarding
the Company or any of the Subsidiaries
 the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current
Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such
notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.



    
    


Section
4

.
Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the provisions of the Purchase Agreement
 this Warrant and all rights
hereunder (including
 without limitation
 any registration rights) are transferable
 in whole or in part
 upon surrender of this
Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent
 together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially
in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes
payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and
 if required
 such payment
 the Company shall execute and deliver
a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees
 as applicable
 and in the denomination or denominations specified
in such instrument of assignment
 and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so
assigned
 and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. The Warrant
 if properly assigned in accordance herewith
 may be exercised
by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

New
Warrants
the Company
 together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued
 signed
by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a)
 as to any transfer which may be involved in such
division or combination
 the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants
to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial
issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant
thereto.



    
    


Warrant
Register

Register
 in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered
Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder
and for all other purposes
 absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section
5

No
Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise
 dividends or other rights
as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(a).

Loss
Theft
 Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant
satisfactory to it of the loss
 theft
 destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant
Shares
 and in case of loss
 theft or destruction
 of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which
 in the case
of the Warrant
 shall not include the posting of any bond)
 and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate
if mutilated
 the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation
in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

Saturdays
Sundays
 Holidays
 etc
or granted herein shall not be a Trading Day
 then
 such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding
Trading Day.

Authorized
Shares

The
Company covenants that
 during the period the Warrant is outstanding
 it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common
Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights
under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers
who are charged with the duty of executing stock certificates to execute and issue the necessary certificates for the Warrant
Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be
necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation
or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant
Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will
 upon exercise of the purchase
rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith
 be duly authorized
 validly issued
fully paid and non-assessable and free from all taxes
 liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).



    
    


Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder
 the Company shall not by any action
 including
 without limitation
amending its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization
 transfer of assets
 consolidation
 merger
 dissolution
issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action
 avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the
terms of this Warrant
 but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all
such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing
 the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above
the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value
 (ii) take all such action as may
be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares
upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations
 exemptions
or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof
 as may be
 necessary to enable the Company to perform
its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or
in the Exercise Price
 the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof
 or consents thereto
 as may be
necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

.
All questions concerning the construction
 validity
 enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

.
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant
 if not registered
 or unless exercised
in a cashless exercise when Rule 144 is available
 and the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise
 will have restrictions upon
resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

Non-waiver
and Expenses
as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holder&rsquo;s rights
 powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement
 if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant
which results in any material damages to the Holder
 the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to
cover any costs and expenses including
 but not limited to
 reasonable attorneys&rsquo; fees
 including those of appellate proceedings
incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights
 powers or remedies
hereunder.

.
Any notice
 request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered
in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

Limitation
of Liability
 in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase
Warrant Shares
 and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder
 shall give rise to any liability of the Holder
for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company
 whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.


    
    


.
The Holder
 in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law
 including recovery of damages
 will be entitled
to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation
for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert
the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

Successors
and Assigns
 this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure
to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and
shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

.
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holders
of not less than a majority of the outstanding Warrants issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

.
Wherever possible
 each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable
law
 but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law
 such provision shall be ineffective
to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity
 without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions
of this Warrant.

.
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not
 for any purpose
 be deemed a part of
this Warrant.



(Signature
Page Follows)



    
    


IN
WITNESS WHEREOF
 the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first
above indicated.&nbsp;


    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

        Roy G. Warren

    
    

        President and CEO





    
    



NOTICE
OF EXERCISE&nbsp;

To:&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;HARRISON
VICKERS AND WATERMAN INC.

(1)&nbsp;The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only
if exercised in full)
 and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full
 together with all applicable transfer taxes
if any.

(2)&nbsp;Payment
shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in
lawful money of the United States; or

[if
permitted] the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary
 in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c)
 to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise
procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)&nbsp;Please
issue a certificate or certificates representing said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is
specified below:&nbsp;


(4)&nbsp;After
giving effect to this Notice of Exercise
 the undersigned will not have exceeded the Beneficial Ownership Limitation.&nbsp;

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number or by physical delivery of a certificate to:







[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]






    



Signature of Authorized Signatory
    of Investing Entity
    



    
    



    
    




    
    




    
    


ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing warrant
 execute



HARRISON
VICKERS AND WATERMAN INC.

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED
 [____] all of or [_______] shares of the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned
to&nbsp;

_______________________________________________
whose address is





Dated:
______________
 _______&nbsp;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Holder&rsquo;s
Signature:&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;_____________________________&nbsp;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Holder&rsquo;s
Address:&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;_____________________________&nbsp;



Signature
Guaranteed: ___________________________________________&nbsp;

NOTE:
The signature to this Assignment Form must correspond with the name as it appears on the face of the Warrant
 without alteration
or enlargement or any change whatsoever
 and must be guaranteed by a bank or trust company. Officers of corporations and those
acting in a fiduciary or other representative capacity should file proper evidence of authority to assign the foregoing Warrant.


    













     






NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON
CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION
OF ANY STATE OR UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED. THE SECURITIES ARE RESTRICTED AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED
 RESOLD
 PLEDGED
OR TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE ACT PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION OR SAFE HARBOR THEREFROM.





    
    
US $25
000.00






PROMISSORY NOTE DUE DECEMBER 31
 2016


issuance of up to $25
000.00 of ATTITUDE DRINKS INCORPORATED
 a Delaware corporation and located at 712 U.S. Highway 1
 Suite #200
North Palm Beach
 Florida 33408 (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) designated as its Note
 pursuant to the Consulting Agreement entered
into by the Company and the Holder as of July 19
 2012.


RECEIVED
 the Company promises to pay to SOUTHRIDGE PARTNERS II
 LP
 the registered holder hereof (the &ldquo;Holder&rdquo;)
 the
principal sum of twenty five thousand and 00/100 Dollars (US $25
000.00) on December 31
 2016 (the &ldquo;Maturity Date&rdquo;).
The principal of this Note is payable at the option of the Holder at any time after the Maturity Date
 in shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock
 $.00001 par value per share (&ldquo;Common Stock&rdquo;) as set forth below
 or in United States dollars
 at the address
last appearing on the Note Register of the Company as designated in writing by the Holder. The Company will pay the outstanding
principal amount of this Note in cash on the Maturity Date to the registered holder of this Note. The forwarding of such wire transfer
shall constitute a payment hereunder and shall satisfy and discharge the liability for principal on this Note to the extent of
the sum represented by such check or wire transfer plus any amounts so deducted.




Thousand Dollars (US$10
000) and integral multiples thereof
provided that the number of shares to be issued upon conversion is a minimum of 3
000 (unless if at the time of election to convert
the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion is less than 3
000). The Note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate
principal amount of Note of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service charge
will be made for such registration or transfer or exchange.


    
    


2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Holder of this Note is entitled any time after the Maturity Date
 subject to the following provisions
 to convert all or a
portion of the principal amount of this Note into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price for each share of Common Stock
equal to the Current Market Price multiplied by eighty percent (80%) (the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo;). &ldquo;Current Market
Price&rdquo; means the average of the closing bid prices for the Common Stock as reported by Bloomberg
 LP or
 if not so
reported
 as reported on the over-the-counter market
 for the five (5) trading days ending on the trading day immediately
before the relevant Conversion Date (as defined below). The amount of shares issuable pursuant to a conversion shall equal
the principal amount (or portion thereof) of the Note to be converted
 divided by the Conversion Price.


effectuated by surrendering the Note to the Company
 accompanied by or preceded by facsimile or other delivery to the Company
of the form of conversion notice attached hereto as Exhibit A
 executed by the Holder evidencing such Holder&rsquo;s intention
to convert a specified portion hereof No fractional shares of Common Stock or scrip representing fractions of shares will be issued
on conversion
 but the number of shares issuable shall be rounded to the nearest whole share. The date on which notice of conversion
is given (the &ldquo;Conversion Date&rdquo;) shall be deemed to be the date on which the Holder faxes or otherwise delivers the
conversion notice (&ldquo;Notice of Conversion&rdquo;)
 substantially in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A
 duly executed
to the Company. Facsimile delivery of the Notice of Conversion shall be accepted by the Company at facsimile number ________&#9;)



that a delay in the issuance of the Shares of Common Stock beyond the Delivery Date (as defined in this Section) could result in
economic loss to the Holder. As compensation to the Holder for such loss
 the Company agrees to pay late payments to the Holder
for late issuance of Shares upon Conversion
 unless the delay is due to causes beyond the reasonable control of the Company or
the Transfer Agent
 in accordance with the following schedule (where &ldquo;No. Business Days Late&rdquo; refers to the number of
business days which is beyond three (3)) business days after the Delivery Date):&rsquo;



    
    

    
    

000
of Note Principal or Interest


    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    

000

    

000+$200 for each Business Day Late beyond 10 days



    
    



any payments incurred under this Section in immediately available funds upon demand as the Holder&rsquo;s remedy for such delay. Furthermore
in addition to any other remedies which may be available to the Holder
 in the event that the Company fails for any reason to effect
delivery of such shares of Common Stock by close of business on the Delivery Date
 unless such failure is due to causes beyond
the Company&rsquo;s reasonable control or that of its Transfer Agent
 the Holder will be entitled to revoke the relevant Notice of Conversion
by delivering a notice to such effect to the Company
 whereupon the Company and the Holder shall each be restored to their respective
positions immediately prior to delivery of such Notice of Conversion; provided
 however
 that an amount equal to any payments contemplated
by this Section which have accrued through the date of such revocation notice shall remain due and owing to the Converting Holder
notwithstanding such revocation.


 by the relevant
Delivery Date
 the Company fails
 unless such failure is due to causes beyond the Company&rsquo;s reasonable control or that of its Transfer
Agent
 for any reason to deliver the Shares to be issued upon conversion of the Note and after such Delivery Date
 the Holder of
the Note being converted (a &ldquo;Converting Holder&rdquo;) purchases
 in an arm&rsquo;s-length open market transaction or otherwise
shares of Common Stock (the &ldquo;Covering Shares&rdquo;) in order to make delivery in satisfaction of a sale of Common Stock by
the Converting Holder (the &ldquo;Sold Shares&rdquo;)
 which delivery such Converting Holder anticipated to make using the Shares
to be issued upon such conversion (a &ldquo;Buy-In&rdquo;)
 the Converting Holder shall have the right
 to require the Company to
pay to the Converting Holder
 in addition to and not in lieu of the amounts due hereunder (but in addition to all other amounts
contemplated in other provisions of the Transaction Agreements
 and not in lieu of any such other amounts)
 the Buy-In Adjustment
Amount (as defined below). The &ldquo;Buy-hi Adjustment Amount&rdquo; is the amount equal to the excess
 if any
 of (x) the Converting
Holder&rsquo;s total purchase price (including brokerage commissions
 if any) for the Covering Shares over (y) the net proceeds (after
brokerage commissions
 if any) received by the Converting Holder from the sale of the Sold Shares. The Company shall pay the Buy-In
Adjustment Amount to the Company in immediately available funds immediately upon demand by the Converting Holder. By way of illustration
and not in limitation of the foregoing
 if the Converting Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price
(including brokerage commissions) of $11
000 to cover a Buy-1n with respect to shares of Common Stock it sold for net proceeds
of $10
000
 the Buy-In Adjustment Amount which Company will be required to pay to the Converting Holder will be $1
000.


    
    



certificates representing the Common Stock issuable upon conversion
 provided the Company&rsquo;s Transfer Agent is participating in the Depository
Trust Company (&ldquo;DTC&rdquo;) Fast Automated Securities Transfer program
 upon request of the Holder and its compliance with
the provisions contained in this paragraph
 so long as the certificates therefore do not bear a legend and the Holder thereof is
not obligated to return such certificate for the placement of a legend thereon
 the Company shall use its best efforts to cause
its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable upon conversion to the Holder by crediting the account
of Holder&rsquo;s Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system.

The
Holder of the Note shall be entitled to exercise its conversion privilege with respect to the Note notwithstanding the commencement
 (the &ldquo;Bankruptcy Code&rdquo;). In
the event the Company is a debtor under the Bankruptcy Code
 the Company hereby waives
 to the fullest extent permitted
 any rights
to relief it may have under 11 U. S .C. &sect;362 in respect of such holder&rsquo;s conversion privilege. The Company hereby waives
to the fullest extent permitted
 any rights to relief it may have under 11 U.S.C. &sect;362 in respect of the conversion of the
Note.


has been issued subject to investment representations of the original purchaser hereof and may be transferred or exchanged only
in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Act&rdquo;)
 and other applicable state and foreign securities
laws. In the event of any proposed transfer of this Note
 the Company may require
 prior to issuance of a new Note in the name
of such other person
 that it receive reasonable transfer documentation including legal opinions that the issuance of the Note
in such other name does not and will not cause a violation of the Act or any applicable state or foreign securities laws. Prior
to due presentment for transfer of this Note
 the Company and any agent of the Company may treat the person in whose name this
Note is duly registered on the Company&rsquo;s Note Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided
and for all other purposes
 whether or not this Note be overdue
 and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected by
notice to the contrary.


of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company
 which is absolute and unconditional
 to pay the principal of
this Note at the time
 place
 and rate
 and in the coin or currency
 herein prescribed. This Note is a direct obligation of the
Company.


of the Note
 by acceptance hereof
 agrees that this Note is being acquired for investment and that such Holder will not offer
sell or otherwise dispose of this Note or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof except under circumstances
which will not result in a violation of the Act or any applicable state Blue Sky or foreign laws or similar laws relating to the
sale of securities.


shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut. Each of the parties consents to the
jurisdiction of the federal or state courts whose districts encompass any part of the State of Connecticut in connection with any
dispute arising under this Note and hereby waives
 to the maximum extent permitted by law
 any objection
 including any objection

 


    
    





following shall constitute an &ldquo;Event of Default&rdquo;:


The Company shall default in the payment of principal and interest on this
Note and same shall continue for a period of five (5) days; or


Any of the representations or warranties made by the Company herein
 in
any certificate or financial or other written statements heretofore or hereafter furnished by the Company in connection with the
execution and delivery of this Note shall be false or misleading in any material respect at the time made; or


The Company shall fail to perform or observe
 in any material respect
 any
other covenant
 term
 provision
 condition
 agreement or obligation of any Note and such failure shall continue uncured for a period
of thirty (30) days after written notice from the Holder of such failure; or


The Company fails to authorize or to cause its Transfer Agent to issue shares
of Common Stock upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note
 fails
to transfer or to cause its Transfer Agent to transfer any certificate for shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion
of this Note and when required by this Note
 and such transfer is otherwise lawful
 or fails to remove any restrictive legend on
any certificate or fails to cause its Transfer Agent to remove such restricted legend
 in each case where such removal is lawful
as and when required by this Note
 the Agreement
 and any such failure shall continue uncured for ten (10) business days; or


The Company shall (1) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally
as they mature; (2) make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or commence proceedings for its dissolution; or (3) apply for
or consent to the appointment of a trustee
 liquidator or receiver for its or for a substantial part of its property or business;
or


A trustee
 liquidator or receiver shall be appointed for the Company or
for a substantial part of its property or business without its consent and shall not be discharged within sixty (60) days after
such appointment; or


Any governmental agency or any court of competent jurisdiction at the instance
of any governmental agency shall assume custody or control of the whole or any substantial portion of the properties or assets of the Company and
shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days thereafter; or


    
    



Any money judgment
 writ or warrant of attachment
 or similar process in excess
                                                                           of Two Hundred Thousand ($200
000) Dollars in the aggregate shall be entered or filed against the Company or any of its
                                                                           properties or other assets and shall remain unpaid
 unvacated
 unbonded or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days or in any




Bankruptcy
 reorganization
 insolvency or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall
be instituted by or against the Company and
 if instituted against the Company
 shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days after
such institution or the Company shall by any action or answer approve of; consent to
 or acquiesce in any such proceedings or admit
the material allegations of
 or default in answering a petition filed in any such proceeding; or



The Company shall have its Common
Stock suspended or delisted from an exchange or over-the-counter market from trading for in excess of five trading days.



 or at any time
thereafter
 and in each and every such case
 unless such Event of Default shall have been waived in writing by the Holder (which
waiver shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent default) at the option of the Holder and in the Holders sole discretion
the Holder may consider all obligations under this Note immediately due and payable within five (5) days of notice
 without presentment
demand
 protest or notice of any kinds
 all of which are hereby expressly waived
 anything herein or in any note or other instruments
contained to the contrary notwithstanding
 and the Holder may immediately enforce any and all of the Holders rights and remedies
provided herein or any other rights or remedies afforded by law.


Holder may not convert this Note to the extent such conversion would result in the Holder
 together with any affiliate thereof
beneficially owning (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder)
in excess of 9.999% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock held by such Holder after application of this Section.
Since the Holder will not be obligated to report to the Company the number of shares of Common Stock it may hold at the time of
a conversion hereunder
 unless the conversion at issue would result in the issuance of shares of Common Stock in excess of 9.999%
of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock without regard to any other shares which may be beneficially owned by the Holder
or an affiliate thereof; the Holder shall have the authority and obligation to determine whether the restriction contained in
this Section will limit any particular conversion hereunder and to the extent that the Holder determines that the limitation contained
in this Section applies
 the determination of which portion of the principal amount of Note are convertible shall be the responsibility
and obligation of the Holder. If the Holder has delivered a Conversion Notice for a principal amount of Note that would result
in the issuance of in excess of the permitted amount hereunder
 without regard to any other shares that the Holder or its affiliates
may beneficially own
 the Company shall notify the Holder of this fact and shall honor the conversion for the maximum principal
amount permitted to be converted on such Conversion Date and
 at the option of the Holder
 either retain any principal amount
tendered for conversion in excess of the permitted amount hereunder for future conversions or return such excess principal amount
to the Holder. The provisions of this Section may be waived by a Holder (but only as to itself and not to any other Holder) upon
not less than 65 days prior notice to the Company. Other Holders shall be unaffected by any such waiver.


    
    



contained in this Note shall be construed as conferring upon the Holder the right to vote or to receive dividends or to consent
or receive notice as a shareholder in respect of any meeting of shareholders or any rights whatsoever as a shareholder of the
Company
 unless and to the extent converted in accordance with the terms hereof.


 the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized.


August 1
 2015


    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    



    













     





NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION HEREOF HAVE BEEN
REGISTERED WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE OR UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933
 AS AMENDED. THE SECURITIES ARE RESTRICTED AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED
 RESOLD
 PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED
UNDER THE ACT PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION OR SAFE HARBOR THEREFROM.


    

    

    


000.00




DRINKS INCORPORATED 


PROMISSORY NOTE DUE JANUARY1
 2017


issuance of up to $25
000.00 of ATTITUDE DRINKS INCORPORATED
 a Delaware corporation and located at 712 U.S. Highway 1
 Suite #200
North Palm Beach
 Florida 33408 (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) designated as its Note
 pursuant to the Consulting Agreement entered
into by the Company and the Holder as of July 19
 2012.


RECEIVED
 the Company promises to pay to SOUTHRIDGE PARTNERS II
 LP
 the registered holder hereof (the &ldquo;Holder&rdquo;)
 the
principal sum of twenty five thousand and 00/100 Dollars (US $25
000.00) on January 1
 2017 (the &ldquo;Maturity Date&rdquo;). The
principal of this Note is payable at the option of the Holder at any time after the Maturity Date
 in shares of the Company&rsquo;s common
stock
 $.00001 par value per share (&ldquo;Common Stock&rdquo;) as set forth below
 or in United States dollars
 at the address last
appearing on the Note Register of the Company as designated in writing by the Holder. The Company will pay the outstanding principal
amount of this Note in cash on the Maturity Date to the registered holder of this Note. The forwarding of such wire transfer shall
constitute a payment hereunder and shall satisfy and discharge the liability for principal on this Note to the extent of the sum
represented by such check or wire transfer plus any amounts so deducted.




Note is issuable in denominations of Ten Thousand Dollars (US$10
000) and integral multiples thereof
 provided that the
number of shares to be issued upon conversion is a minimum of 3
000 (unless if at the time of election to convert the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion is less than 3
000). The Note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate
principal amount of Note of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service
charge will be made for such registration or transfer or exchange.



    
    


2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Holder of this Note is entitled any time after the Maturity Date
 subject to the following provisions
 to convert all or a
portion of the principal amount of this Note into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price for each share of Common Stock
equal to the Current Market Price multiplied by eighty percent (80%) (the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo;). &ldquo;Current Market
Price&rdquo; means the average of the closing bid prices for the Common Stock as reported by Bloomberg
 LP or
 if not so
reported
 as reported on the over-the-counter market
 for the five (5) trading days ending on the trading day immediately
before the relevant Conversion Date (as defined below). The amount of shares issuable pursuant to a conversion shall equal
the principal amount (or portion thereof) of the Note to be converted
 divided by the Conversion Price.


be effectuated by surrendering the Note to the Company
 accompanied by or preceded by facsimile or other delivery to the
Company of the form of conversion notice attached hereto as Exhibit A
 executed by the Holder evidencing such Holder&rsquo;s
intention to convert a specified portion hereof No fractional shares of Common Stock or scrip representing fractions of
shares will be issued on conversion
 but the number of shares issuable shall be rounded to the nearest whole share. The date
on which notice of conversion is given (the &ldquo;Conversion Date&rdquo;) shall be deemed to be the date on which the Holder
faxes or otherwise delivers the conversion notice (&ldquo;Notice of Conversion&rdquo;)
 substantially in the form annexed
hereto as Exhibit A
 duly executed
 to the Company. Facsimile delivery of the Notice of Conversion shall be accepted by the
 Certificates representing Common Stock
upon conversion will be delivered within three (3) business days from the Conversion Date. (&ldquo;Delivery
Date&rdquo;)


that a delay in the issuance of the Shares of Common Stock beyond the Delivery Date (as defined in this Section) could result in
economic loss to the Holder. As compensation to the Holder for such loss
 the Company agrees to pay late payments to the Holder
for late issuance of Shares upon Conversion
 unless the delay is due to causes beyond the reasonable control of the Company or
the Transfer Agent
 in accordance with the following schedule (where &ldquo;No. Business Days Late&rdquo; refers to the number of
business days which is beyond three (3)) business days after the Delivery Date):&rsquo;

    

No.
Business Days Late
Late
Payment For Each $10
000

Amount Being Converted


    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    

000

    

000+$200
for each Business Day Late beyond 10 days



    
    



any payments incurred under this Section in immediately available funds upon demand as the Holder&rsquo;s remedy for such delay. Furthermore
in addition to any other remedies which may be available to the Holder
 in the event that the Company fails for any reason to effect
delivery of such shares of Common Stock by close of business on the Delivery Date
 unless such failure is due to causes beyond
the Company&rsquo;s reasonable control or that of its Transfer Agent
 the Holder will be entitled to revoke the relevant Notice of Conversion
by delivering a notice to such effect to the Company
 whereupon the Company and the Holder shall each be restored to their respective
positions immediately prior to delivery of such Notice of Conversion; provided
 however
 that an amount equal to any payments contemplated
by this Section which have accrued through the date of such revocation notice shall remain due and owing to the Converting Holder
notwithstanding such revocation.


 by the relevant
Delivery Date
 the Company fails
 unless such failure is due to causes beyond the Company&rsquo;s reasonable control or that of its Transfer
Agent
 for any reason to deliver the Shares to be issued upon conversion of the Note and after such Delivery Date
 the Holder of
the Note being converted (a &ldquo;Converting Holder&rdquo;) purchases
 in an arm&rsquo;s-length open market transaction or otherwise
shares of Common Stock (the &ldquo;Covering Shares&rdquo;) in order to make delivery in satisfaction of a sale of Common Stock by
the Converting Holder (the &ldquo;Sold Shares&rdquo;)
 which delivery such Converting Holder anticipated to make using the Shares
to be issued upon such conversion (a &ldquo;Buy-In&rdquo;)
 the Converting Holder shall have the right
 to require the Company to
pay to the Converting Holder
 in addition to and not in lieu of the amounts due hereunder (but in addition to all other amounts
contemplated in other provisions of the Transaction Agreements
 and not in lieu of any such other amounts)
 the Buy-In Adjustment
Amount (as defined below). The &ldquo;Buy-hi Adjustment Amount&rdquo; is the amount equal to the excess
 if any
 of (x) the Converting
Holder&rsquo;s total purchase price (including brokerage commissions
 if any) for the Covering Shares over (y) the net proceeds (after
brokerage commissions
 if any) received by the Converting Holder from the sale of the Sold Shares. The Company shall pay the Buy-In
Adjustment Amount to the Company in immediately available funds immediately upon demand by the Converting Holder. By way of illustration
and not in limitation of the foregoing
 if the Converting Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price
(including brokerage commissions) of $11
000 to cover a Buy-1n with respect to shares of Common Stock it sold for net proceeds
of $10
000
 the Buy-In Adjustment Amount which Company will be required to pay to the Converting Holder will be $1
000.



    
    




 provided the Company&rsquo;s
Transfer Agent is participating in the Depository Trust Company (&ldquo;DTC&rdquo;) Fast Automated Securities Transfer program
upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions contained in this paragraph
 so long as the certificates
therefore do not bear a legend and the Holder thereof is not obligated to return such certificate for the placement of a
legend thereon
 the Company shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common
Stock issuable upon conversion to the Holder by crediting the account of Holder&rsquo;s Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit
Withdrawal Agent Commission system.

The
Holder of the Note shall be entitled to exercise its conversion privilege with respect to the Note notwithstanding the commencement
 (the &ldquo;Bankruptcy Code&rdquo;). In
the event the Company is a debtor under the Bankruptcy Code
 the Company hereby waives
 to the fullest extent permitted
 any rights
to relief it may have under 11 U. S .C. &sect;362 in respect of such holder&rsquo;s conversion privilege. The Company hereby waives
to the fullest extent permitted
 any rights to relief it may have under 11 U.S.C. &sect;362 in respect of the conversion of the
Note.


has been issued subject to investment representations of the original purchaser hereof and may be transferred or exchanged only
in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Act&rdquo;)
 and other applicable state and foreign securities
laws. In the event of any proposed transfer of this Note
 the Company may require
 prior to issuance of a new Note in the name
of such other person
 that it receive reasonable transfer documentation including legal opinions that the issuance of the Note
in such other name does not and will not cause a violation of the Act or any applicable state or foreign securities laws. Prior
to due presentment for transfer of this Note
 the Company and any agent of the Company may treat the person in whose name this
Note is duly registered on the Company&rsquo;s Note Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided
and for all other purposes
 whether or not this Note be overdue
 and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected by
notice to the contrary.


of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company
 which is absolute and unconditional
 to pay the principal of
this Note at the time
 place
 and rate
 and in the coin or currency
 herein prescribed. This Note is a direct obligation of the
Company.


of the Note
 by acceptance hereof
 agrees that this Note is being acquired for investment and that such Holder will not offer
sell or otherwise dispose of this Note or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof except under circumstances
which will not result in a violation of the Act or any applicable state Blue Sky or foreign laws or similar laws relating to the
sale of securities.


shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut. Each of the parties consents to the
jurisdiction of the federal or state courts whose districts encompass any part of the State of Connecticut in connection with any
dispute arising under this Note and hereby waives
 to the maximum extent permitted by law
 any objection
 including any objection

 



    
    



of the parties hereby waives the right to a trial by jury in connection with any dispute arising under this Note.


of Default&rdquo;:


The Company shall default in the payment of principal and interest on this
Note and same shall continue for a period of five (5) days; or


Any of the representations or warranties made by the Company herein
 in
any certificate or financial or other written statements heretofore or hereafter furnished by the Company in connection with the
execution and delivery of this Note shall be false or misleading in any material respect at the time made; or


The Company shall fail to perform or observe
 in any material respect
 any
other covenant
 term
 provision
 condition
 agreement or obligation of any Note and such failure shall continue uncured for a period
of thirty (30) days after written notice from the Holder of such failure; or


The Company fails to authorize or to cause its Transfer Agent to issue shares
of Common Stock upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note
 fails
to transfer or to cause its Transfer Agent to transfer any certificate for shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion
of this Note and when required by this Note
 and such transfer is otherwise lawful
 or fails to remove any restrictive legend on
any certificate or fails to cause its Transfer Agent to remove such restricted legend
 in each case where such removal is lawful
as and when required by this Note
 the Agreement
 and any such failure shall continue uncured for ten (10) business days; or


The Company shall (1) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally
as they mature; (2) make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or commence proceedings for its dissolution; or (3) apply for
or consent to the appointment of a trustee
 liquidator or receiver for its or for a substantial part of its property or business;
or


A trustee
 liquidator or receiver shall be appointed for the Company or
for a substantial part of its property or business without its consent and shall not be discharged within sixty (60) days after
such appointment; or


Any governmental agency or any court of competent jurisdiction at the instance
of any governmental agency shall assume custody or control of the whole or any substantial portion
of the properties or assets of the Company and shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days thereafter; or



    
    



Any money judgment
 writ or warrant of attachment
 or
similar process in excess of Two Hundred Thousand
($200
000) Dollars in the aggregate shall be entered or filed against the Company or any of its properties or other assets and
shall remain unpaid
 unvacated
 unbonded or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days or in any event later than five (5) days prior




 reorganization
 insolvency
or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall
be instituted by or against the Company and
 if instituted against the Company
 shall not be dismissed within sixty (60) days after
such institution or the Company shall by any action or answer approve of; consent to
 or acquiesce in any such proceedings or admit
the material allegations of
 or default in answering a petition filed in any such proceeding; or


Stock suspended or delisted from an exchange or over-the-counter market from trading for in excess of five trading days.


 or at any time
thereafter
 and in each and every such case
 unless such Event of Default shall have been waived in writing by the Holder (which
waiver shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent default) at the option of the Holder and in the Holders sole discretion
the Holder may consider all obligations under this Note immediately due and payable within five (5) days of notice
 without presentment
demand
 protest or notice of any kinds
 all of which are hereby expressly waived
 anything herein or in any note or other instruments
contained to the contrary notwithstanding
 and the Holder may immediately enforce any and all of the Holders rights and remedies
provided herein or any other rights or remedies afforded by law.


Holder may not convert this Note to the extent such conversion would result in the Holder
 together with any affiliate
thereof
 beneficially owning (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated
thereunder) in excess of 9.999% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock held by such Holder after
application of this Section. Since the Holder will not be obligated to report to the Company the number of shares of Common
Stock it may hold at the time of a conversion hereunder
 unless the conversion at issue would result in the issuance of
shares of Common Stock in excess of 9.999% of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock without regard to any other shares
which may be beneficially owned by the Holder or an affiliate thereof; the Holder shall have the authority and obligation to
determine whether the restriction contained in this Section will limit any particular conversion hereunder and to the extent
that the Holder determines that the limitation contained in this Section applies
 the determination of which portion of the
principal amount of Note are convertible shall be the responsibility and obligation of the Holder. If the Holder has
delivered a Conversion Notice for a principal amount of Note that would result in the issuance of in excess of the permitted
amount hereunder
 without regard to any other shares that the Holder or its affiliates may beneficially own
 the Company
shall notify the Holder of this fact and shall honor the conversion for the maximum principal amount permitted to be
converted on such Conversion Date and
 at the option of the Holder
 either retain any principal amount tendered for
conversion in excess of the permitted amount hereunder for future conversions or return such excess principal amount to the
Holder. The provisions of this Section may be waived by a Holder (but only as to itself and not to any other Holder) upon not
less than 65 days prior notice to the Company. Other Holders shall be unaffected by any such waiver.



    
    



contained in this Note shall be construed as conferring upon the Holder the right to vote or to receive dividends or to
consent or receive notice as a shareholder in respect of any meeting of shareholders or any rights whatsoever as a
shareholder of the Company
 unless and to the extent converted in accordance with the terms hereof.


WITNES S WHEREOF
 the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized.

    
    
    
    

Dated: September 1
 2015
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    













     




EXHIBIT
21

Subsidiaries
of Registrant



    
    

Attitude Drink Company
 Inc.
    

    
    

    
    



    













     



Exhibit
31(i)

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO

SECTION
302 OF&nbsp;
THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Roy G. Warren
 certify that:

(1)
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Attitude Drinks Incorporated.

(2)
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;&nbsp;

(3)
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this report;&nbsp;

(4)
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have:&nbsp;

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting; and&nbsp;


The
                                         registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most
                                         recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s
                                         auditors and the audit committee of registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons
                                         performing the equivalent functions):

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and&nbsp;

(b)
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.



    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    

 2015






    















     




Exhibit
31(ii)

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO

SECTION
302 OF&nbsp;
THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Tommy E. Kee
 certify that:

(1)
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Attitude Drinks Incorporated.

(2)
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;&nbsp;

(3)
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this report;&nbsp;

(4)
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have:

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting; and


The
                                         registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most
                                         recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s
                                         auditors and the audit committee of registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons
                                         performing the equivalent functions):

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and&nbsp;

(b)
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.&nbsp;



    
    
    

    
    

    

Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer

    

September 28
 2015





    















     



Exhibit
32.1

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO&nbsp;
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350
&nbsp;
AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO&nbsp;
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the Report of Attitude Drinks Incorporated (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ending March
31
 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Roy G. Warren
President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:

The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

The
information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.



    
    
    

    
    

    

and Chief Executive Officer

    

Executive Officer



September
28
 2015


CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO&nbsp;
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350
&nbsp;
AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO&nbsp;
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the Report of Attitude Drinks Incorporated (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ending March
31
 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Tommy E. Kee
Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 Section 1350
 as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:

The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

The
information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.



    
    
    

    
    

    

Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer


September
28
 2015


    





















        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        

          
          



        
        



      


      




          


          




      


      


      

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    

    


    



    





    

    

    
    
    
    
    









    
    
    
    

    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

 the Company has incurred accumulated operating losses of $36
784
717&#13;and negative cash flows from operations and has a significant working capital deficiency in the amount of $16
942
378 at March&#13;31

 the Company plans to file a registration statement to provide working capital as needed to increase operations and sales&#13;efficiencies through the need to implement sales and marketing programs to increase awareness of the Company&amp;#146;s products as&#13;well as to pay for slotting fees for certain retail channels of revenues. The Company plans to increase its sales
 primarily by&#13;significantly increasing its sales force and partnering with new distributors
 as well as offering new products in the next twelve&#13;months. The Company&amp;#146;s margins are expected to improve as a result of increased sales
 expected economies of scale due to&#13;anticipated lower product costs based on increased volumes per production run and lower transportation costs from the expected&#13;shipment of full truck loads. However
 the Company will work to reduce its dependency on third party financing during the next&#13;twelve months. There is no assurance that further funding will be available at acceptable terms
 if at all
 or that the Company&#13;will be able to achieve profitability. Ultimately
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 5 &amp;#150;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; width: 88%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accrued Liabilities:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Accrued&#13;liabilities consist of the following as of March 31

719

261

846

456









757

733
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 6 &amp;#150; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; width: 88%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Convertible Notes Payable:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;All&#13;convertible notes payable are recorded at fair value as prescribed by the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (see Note 9 for&#13;more details). Convertible debt carrying values consist of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 95%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Fair&#13;    Value Amounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;March 31


547


413

554


 2014 (b)




 2014 (c)



204

 2014 (d)

204


 2015 (e)



 2016 (f)



 2017 (g)



511

508

177

479

 2013 were surrendered to the Company through a February 21
 2013 exchange&#13;agreement whereas the Company issued new face value consolidated notes per debt holder for a total amount of $5
020
944
 $350
000&#13;face value in new notes for the surrender of 425
003 Class A warrants plus $121
327 in a new note for work rendered for this consolidated&#13;financing for a grand total of $5
492
271. The principal amount of the above $5
547
372 balance equals the original $5
492
271&#13;total financing plus allonges for $767
500 less conversions of $712

000 face value for December
 2012 through March 31
 2015&#13;for a total original amount of $700
000 less conversions of $94

000 face value issued June 7

200 on May 13

000 on December 12

 2014 through March

500
 $13
500 and $31
500 to three different accredited investors on January 14

 we needed to use a different valuation&#13;model for applicable valuations
 derivatives and fair market value. In order to determine the fair market value
 we analyzed the&#13;various securities agreements and exchange agreements
 compared the Company to comparable companies to determine industry factors&#13;for volatility
 growth and future financing
 developed a lattice model that valued the convertible notes on a probability weighted&#13;scenario model as well as future projections of the various potential outcomes and valued the convertible notes at issuance and&#13;at the end of the reporting period to account for the derivative liability. Based on our analysis in determining the proper accounting&#13;treatment and valuation as set forth in the Statement of Financial Accounting Standard ASC 820-10-35-37 (Fair Value in Financial&#13;Instruments)
 Statement of Financial Accounting Standard ASC 815 (Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities)
&#13;Emerging Issues Task (&amp;#147;EITF&amp;#148;) For Issue No. 00-10 and EITF 07-05
 the embedded derivatives are bundled and valued as&#13;a single
 compound embedded derivative
 bifurcated from the debt host and treated as a liability. The single compound embedded&#13;derivative features valued include the variable conversion feature



695




208


 2013
 all previous convertible notes payable with outstanding balances totaling $5
020
944 were surrendered by the&#13;debt holders to the Company through exchange agreements whereas the Company issued one consolidated note to each debt holder for&#13;the total outstanding convertible note amounts. In addition and on the same date
 all outstanding Class A warrants associated&#13;with these convertible note payables totaling 425
003 Class A warrants were surrendered by the debt holders to the Company in&#13;which the Company issued additional convertible notes payable for the total amount of $350
000. All applicable 364 Class B warrants&#13;were cancelled as well. Both the surrendered convertible notes payable for $5
020
944 and warrants for $350
000 were combined&#13;into one new convertible note payable per debt holder for a grand total of $5
370
944. All of these consolidated notes contain&#13;the same terms
 maturity dates and conversion criteria and replace all terms
 conditions and conversion criteria contained in&#13;the surrendered notes. These notes have a maturity date of February 21
 2015 and an interest rate of 4%. They are in default.&#13;The Company is working with each debt holder to extend the maturity date as well as implementing in 2015 a debt restructuring&#13;program to address such issues. The conversion price per share is equal to seventy-five percent (75%) of the average of the three&#13;lowest closing bid prices for the Common stock as reported by Bloomberg L.P. for the principal market for the twenty trading days&#13;preceding a conversion date but in no event greater than $10.00. Each conversion submitted by a holder must be at least the lesser&#13;of (i) $10
000 of principal and interest or (ii) the balance due on the note. In addition
 another new convertible note was issued&#13;for $121
327 to one of the accredited debt holders for their efforts in assisting the Company with these consolidated notes
 warrants&#13;and modifications. The amount was determined at 5% of the then outstanding balance of all the convertible notes payable held by&#13;the debt holder. This note is identical to the above notes for the terms
 conversion criteria and maturity date. No accrued interest&#13;payable amounts were added to these new notes. A total of $806.879 in principal and $193.214 in accrued interest were converted&#13;into shares of common stock from February 21
 2013 through March 31
 2015. In addition













000 on April 9
 2013 and another $100
000 on June 5
 2013 from these February&#13;21
 2013 notes. These new replacement notes contain the same terms as in the February 21
 2013 consolidated convertible notes.&#13;The entire total of $100
000 was converted from the original $100
000 balance
 and $2
960 in conversions were made on the second&#13;$100
000 note for an outstanding remaining amount of $97


000 to SC Advisors as part of their consulting fees. Previously issued convertible&#13;notes from August
 2012 through November
 2012 were consolidated in the above February 21
 2013 convertible note. From December
&#13;2012 through March
 2015
 we issued $25
000 monthly convertible notes for a total of $700
000. All of these notes have maturity&#13;dates from December 31
 2014 to July 31
 2015. The Company is working with the debt holder to extend the maturity dates of these&#13;convertible notes. The notes can be converted into shares of Common Stock six months after issuance at a conversion price to equal&#13;the current market price multiplied by eighty percent (80%). Current market price means the average of the closing bid prices&#13;for the common stock for the five (5) trading days ending on the trading day immediately before the relevant conversion date.&#13;Total conversions of $94


000 convertible note on June 7
 2013 for past due services. The maturity date of this note is June 7


200 with a maturity date of May 13
 2015 at an interest&#13;rate of 4%. The conversion price per share is equal to seventy-five percent (75%) of the average of the three lowest closing bid&#13;prices for the common stock as reported by Bloomberg L.P. for the principal market for the twenty trading days preceding a conversion&#13;date but in no event greater than $.02. Each conversion submitted by the holder must be at least the lesser of (i) $1


000 with a maturity date of December&#13;22

 2014 through March

&#13;Connecticut as follows: December 24
 2014 for a total of $337
250; January 23
 2015 for a total of $300
000; February 24
 2015&#13;for a total of $300
000; and March 24
 2015 for a total of $267
250 for a grand total of $1
204
500. All notes have the same maturity&#13;date of March 24
 2015 with an interest rate of 10%. The conversion price for the principal and interest shall be either: (i)&#13;if ABH&amp;#146;s common stock is traded on a trading market
 the conversion price shall be 50% of the lowest bid price for the previous&#13;50 trading days; (ii) if ABH&amp;#146;s common stock is traded on a trading market
 and there is a DTC chill on ABH&amp;#146;s common&#13;stock
 the conversion price shall be 60% of the lowest bid price for the previous 50 trading days; or (iii) if ABH&amp;#146;s common&#13;stock is not traded on a trading market


 2015
 we issued three (3) convertible notes for $13
500
 $13
500 and $31
500 for a total of $58
500. All notes have&#13;the same maturity date of January 14
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note&#13;7 &amp;#150; &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Short Term Bridge Loans:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Summary&#13;of short-term bridge loan balances is as follows:&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table align=center cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 80%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;March&#13;    31











 2008
 the Company entered into a financing arrangement that provided for the issuance of a $60
000 face value short-term&#13;bridge loan note payable due July 15





622 in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Codification.&#13;On December 15
 2008
 the Company was in default on the notes for non-payment of the required principal payment. The remedy for&#13;event of default was acceleration of principal and interest so they were recorded at face value. As of March 31
 2013
 this April&#13;14


 2008
 the Company entered into a financing arrangement that provided for the issuance of a $55
000 face value short&#13;term bridge loan
 due September 5
 2008. There are no outstanding warrants associated with this financing as the expiration dates&#13;have expired. The due date of the loan was extended to December 15
 2008 with 11 restricted shares of common stock issued as consideration.&#13;On December 15
 2008

 2009
 the Company extended the term on the note from December 15
 2008 to April 30
 2009. As of December 31
 2012
&#13;this note was considered in default for non-payment. The debt holder is a board director and will extend the note once we locate&#13;the debt holder of the above April 14
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note&#13;9 &amp;#150; &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Derivative Liabilities:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&#13;Value Measurement&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0 0 0 24pt; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;Valuation&#13;Hierarchy&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;ASC&#13;820
 &amp;#147;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
&amp;#148; establishes a valuation hierarchy for disclosure of the inputs to&#13;valuation used to measure fair value. This hierarchy prioritizes the inputs into three broad levels as follows. Level 1 inputs&#13;are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 inputs are quoted prices for similar&#13;assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly&#13;through market corroboration




868

868

 accounts receivable
 prepaid expenses
 accounts payable

&#13;the Company&amp;#146;s accounting department
 who reports to the Principal Financial Officer

 in isolation

 2015
 there were no transfers in or out of level 3 from other levels in the fair value hierarchy. Starting with the&#13;consolidated convertible notes payable as of February 21
 2013
 we used a new lattice valuation model which required the embedded&#13;derivatives to be bundled and valued as a single compound embedded derivative
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note&#13;10 &amp;#150; &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Transactions with Related Parties:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;In&#13;connection with the reverse merger (see Note 1)
 we assumed $47
963 in advances payable to the officers of MHHI in which we paid&#13;$1
500 in January
 2009 and issued 50 shares of common at $500.00 per share or $25
000
 resulting in an outstanding balance of&#13;$21

 2009
 9
000
000 shares of Series A Preferred
 convertible into 54
000
000 shares of common stock&#13;at the option of the holder
 were granted to Roy Warren (see Note 11). During the quarter ended March
 31
 2013
 51 shares of&#13;Series A-1 Preferred
 convertible into 306 shares of common stock at the option of the holder

000. He also received 22 shares of restricted stock that related to this note payable
 3 shares of restricted&#13;stock for being a Director and 300 shares of restricted stock for his services related to a November
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note&#13;12 &amp;#150;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Income Taxes:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 100%; text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;The Company&#13;    has recorded no income tax benefit for its taxable losses during the period ending March 31
 2015 because there is no certainty&#13;    that the Company will realize those benefits. The components of the Company&amp;#146;s deferred tax assets and liabilities as&#13;    of &amp;#160;March 31

745

999




788

049

788

049

 2015 the&#13;    Company has a net tax operating loss of $25
721
000 that will be available to offset future taxable income
 if any. The use&#13;    of net operating loss carryforwards to reduce future income tax liabilities is subject to limitations



 but the statute of limitations has not yet expired because no federal or state tax returns have been filed&#13;since 2007. Therefore
 the Company generally remains subject to examination of its U.S. Federal income tax returns for 2008 and&#13;subsequent years by the Internal Revenue Service. In addition
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note&#13;13 &amp;#150;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Commitments and Contingencies:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;We&#13;entered into a new office lease for 3
333 square feet at our new office in North Palm Beach
 Florida on January 3
 2013 with a&#13;lease term of three years with two years as renewable terms. Starting February 1
 2013
 the minimum starting monthly base rent&#13;without sales tax was $1
602 plus monthly operating expense for $2
670 for a monthly total of $4

 based on the current adjusted minimum monthly amount of $4
320 and excluding&#13;variable common area maintenance charges
 as of March 31
 2015






 which also includes maintenance and parking fees
 for the twelve months period ended March 31
 2015 was $54
951. We had&#13;a disagreement with the landlord and were forced to vacate the offices including some inventory and fixed assets. Although we&#13;are still using the same address and working with the landlord to resolve these problems


 2014 purchase of 51% of the West Hartford
 Connecticut World of Beer property
 the lease is for 4
163 square&#13;feet and was signed on May 16
 2014 for ten years with the option to extend the lease for two (2) additional periods of five (5)&#13;years each. The minimum starting monthly base rent was $10

 based on the current minimum monthly amount of $10
754
 as of March 31
 2015








483

 2015 through March 31
 2014 is $31

 2008
 we signed a manufacturing agreement with O-AT-KA Milk Products Cooperative
 Inc. for the production of future&#13;new products that are in the development stage. The manufacturer shall manufacture
 package and ship such products. All products&#13;shall be purchased F.O.B.

 2009
 F&amp;#38;M Merchant Group
 LLC commenced a lawsuit in the District Court of Denton County
 Texas to recover the balance&#13;owed by us under a Sales Agent Agreement entered by the parties on November 1
 2008. This agreement requires us to pay $5
000&#13;per month and a 5% commission on all net sales. On September 3
 2009
 a final judgment by default was approved by the district&#13;court in Denton County
 Texas for a total sum of $22
348. This claim has been recorded on the Company&amp;#146;s records. Due to the&#13;lack of adequate capital financing

 2009
 CH Fulfillment Services
 LLC commenced a lawsuit in the district court of Mobile
 Alabama to recover past due&#13;amounts owed by us under a contract to provide shipping and fulfillment services. The claim is for $2
106 plus interest and legal&#13;costs. This amount was already recorded on our records as well as projected interest costs of $682 and estimated court costs of&#13;$307 for a total of $3
095. A process of garnishment by the district court in Mobile County
 Alabama was approved on September&#13;25
 2009 for the total amount of $3
095. On October 26
 2009
 the same court authorized a garnishment process to pay $657 which&#13;was done as part payment of the total due amount. Current outstanding balance due is $2

 2013
 Beanpot Broadcasting Corp. d/b/a WXRV-FM
 commenced a lawsuit in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts District Court&#13;Department of the Trial Court Haverhill Division to recover past due amounts owed by us for rendered independent sales contracting&#13;services. The claim was for $15
500 for past due services
 $4
169 in service charges
 $363 for prejudgment interest and $200 court&#13;costs for a total of $20
232. The total $20
232 amount was already recorded on our records. On November 15
 2013
 the Trial Court&#13;of Massachusetts entered a judgment for the plaintiff (&amp;#147;Beanpot&amp;#148;) for the total $20
232. Due to the lack of adequate&#13;capital financing

 2013
 we received an order of the court from The Trial Court of Massachusetts District Court Department
 Small Claims&#13;Session in Plymouth
 Massachusetts to attend a hearing on December 12 2013 about a small claims amount of $5
000 from Marshfield&#13;Broadcasting Company
 Inc. to recover past due amounts. A total of $5
500 was already recorded our records. On December 31
 2013
&#13;a judgment in the amount of $5

 2014
 Philip Terrano commenced a lawsuit in the circuit court of the 15&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; Judicial Circuit and for Palm&#13;Beach County
 Florida to recover past due amounts owed by us for past compensation in the amount of approximately $17
000. We&#13;disagree with this amount as our records reflect a total amount owed of $6
974. On May 28
 2014
 we entered into a settlement&#13;agreement with Terrano to pay him a total of $11
000
 to be remitted 60 days of the effective date of this agreement. Due to a&#13;lack of capital financing

 2014
 North Palm Beach Broadcasting Company d/b/a/ WSVU-AM Radio filed a lawsuit in the 15&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; Judicial Circuit&#13;in and for Palm Beach County
 Florida to recover past due services owed by us in the amount of $22
000 that is due with interest.&#13;We do not agree with that amount as we did make various payments in 2013 that totaled $8
000. We are working with that party to&#13;arrive at a mutual agreeable outstanding amount if any. We do not have any other outstanding balance that is recorded on our records.&#13;On August 6
 2014
 we received a Default Final Judgment from Palm Beach County Circuit Court in Florida for a total amount of&#13;$23

 2014
 Innerworkings
 Inc. filed a lawsuit in the County Court of the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit in and for Palm Beach&#13;County
 Florida to recover past due services owed by us in the amount of $5

 2014
 C.A. Courtesy Demos
 Inc. commenced a lawsuit in the County Court
 Palm Beach County
 Florida civil action&#13;to recover past due amounts owed by us for rendered services. The claim was for $5
803. We do not agree with this amount and have&#13;not recorded this amount on our records as services were supposed to be rendered

 2014
 Pavilion Law Center
 LLC filed a motion in the Circuit Court of the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit in and for Palm&#13;Beach County

 2015
 Edgar Agents LLC filed a lawsuit in the Circuit Court of the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit in and for Palm Beach&#13;County
 Florida to recover past due amounts owned by us for rendered services. The claim was for $23
323.50 plus interest and&#13;costs. We have recorded $19
069.50 in our records as we have not received the backup for the $4
254.00 difference. On August 13
&#13;2015
 the court entered into a final judgment against us for a total amount of $24

 2015
 Harrison
 Vickers and Waterman Inc. (&amp;#147;HVWC&amp;#148;) which we own the majority of the outstanding shares&#13;received a lawsuit from James Giordano
 previous CEO of HVW that was filed in the State of Connecticut Superior Court in Stamford
&#13;Connecticut. The claim is approximately $220
833 for past salaries. HVWC does not agree with this complaint and will address as&#13;soon as possible. HVW does have a recorded amount of $175
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note&#13;14 -&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Segment Reporting&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;The&#13;Company operates in two segments which are consistent with its internal organization. The major segments are beverage brand development&#13;and restaurant/tavern World of Beer franchise locations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Revenues











204


671

711


765

017


009



017



030





525

581

985

542


524








765

765

535

535









421

421
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;(a)&#13;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Principles of Consolidation:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;The&#13;Company&amp;#146;s consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Attitude Drinks Incorporated and its wholly-owned subsidiary
&#13;Attitude Drink Company
 Inc.
 and majority owned subsidiary
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;(b)&#13;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Use of Estimates:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;The&#13;preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America&#13;requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure&#13;of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses&#13;during the reporting period. The most significant estimate included in the Company&amp;#146;s financial statements is the following:&#13;Fair value of the Company&amp;#146;s financial instruments that are required to be carried at fair value. The Company uses all available&#13;information and appropriate techniques to develop its estimates
 including the use of outside consultants. However
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;(c)&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&#13;Business Segment and Geographic Information:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;The&#13;Company currently operates in one dominant industry segment that it has defined as the sports-recovery drink industry. However
&#13;its next two products will enter into the functional milk category. Presently
 there is no international business
 although the&#13;Company may pursue the sale of its products in international markets during the next fiscal year. In addition
 the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;subsidiary at the time opened its first World of Beer franchise location in Connecticut in late January
 2015
 and ABH plans to&#13;open additional locations in the New England areas based on available financing capital.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&#13;which consist of finished goods and raw materials
 are stated at the lower of cost on the first in
 first-out method or market.&#13;Further
 the Company&amp;#146;s inventories are perishable. The Company estimates for each fiscal quarter any unsalable inventory&#13;reserves based upon a specific identification basis. The components of inventories as of March 31
 2015 and March 31










&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;(f)&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&#13;Fixed Assets:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Fixed&#13;assets are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over a period of ten years for furniture and&#13;certain bar equipment
 three years for corporate computer equipment and purchased software plus five years for World of Beer computer&#13;and point of sale systems. Maintenance
 repairs and minor renewals are charged directly to expenses as incurred. Additions and&#13;betterments to property and equipment are capitalized. When assets are disposed of
 the related cost and accumulated depreciation&#13;thereon are removed from the accounts
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;(g)&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&#13;Capitalized Pre-Opening Expenses &amp;#150; World of Beer &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Certain&#13;pre-opening expenses such as capitalized franchise fees
 interest
 legal costs









885 and $0 for the years ended March 31
 2015 and March 31
 2014
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;(h)&#13;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Trademarks:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.75in; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Trademarks are being amortized on a straight-line basis over fifteen&#13;    years. The following table summarizes the components of the Company&amp;#146;s trademarks:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0 0 0 65pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 70%; border-collapse: collapse; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0.8in&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 55%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 17%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 17%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;March&#13;    31








 2015 and March 31
 2014
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;(i)&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&#13;Impairment of Long-Lived Assets:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Our&#13;long-lived assets consist principally of trademarks
 furniture and equipment. We evaluate the carrying value and recoverability&#13;of our long-lived assets when circumstances warrant such evaluation by applying the provisions of the FASB Accounting Standards&#13;Codification&lt;font style=color: red&gt; &lt;/font&gt;which requires that long-lived assets be reviewed for impairment whenever events&#13;or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable through the estimated undiscounted&#13;cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets. Whenever any such impairment exists
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;(j)&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&#13;Financial Instruments:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Financial&#13;instruments
 as defined in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 consist of cash
 evidence of ownership in an entity and&#13;contracts that both (i) impose on one entity a contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial instrument to a second&#13;entity
 or to exchange other financial instruments on potentially unfavorable terms with the second entity
 and (ii) conveys to&#13;that second entity a contractual right (a) to receive cash or another financial instrument from the first entity
 or (b) to exchange&#13;other financial instruments on potentially favorable terms with the first entity. Accordingly
 our financial instruments consist&#13;of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 notes payable
 derivative financial&#13;instruments

 as defined in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 consist of financial instruments or other contracts&#13;that contain a notional amount and one or more underlying (e.g. interest rate
 security price or other variable)
 require no initial&#13;net investment and permit net settlement. Derivative financial instruments may be free-standing or embedded in other financial&#13;instruments. Further
 prior to February 21
 2013
 derivative financial instruments were measured at fair value and recorded as&#13;liabilities or
 in rare instances
 assets. Fair value represents the price at which the property would change hands between a&#13;hypothetical willing and able buyer and a hypothetical willing and able seller acting at arm&amp;#146;s length in an open and unrestricted&#13;market

 market or foreign-currency risks. However
&#13;we have entered into certain other financial instruments and contracts
 such as debt financing arrangements
 redeemable preferred&#13;stock arrangements and freestanding warrants with features that are either (i) not afforded equity classification
 (ii) embody&#13;risks not clearly and closely related to host contracts
 or (iii) may be net-cash settled by the counterparty. As required by&#13;the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 these instruments
 prior to February 21
 2013
 were required to be carried as derivative&#13;liabilities
 at fair value
 in our financial statements as we were allowed to elect fair value measurement of the hybrid financial&#13;instruments
 on a case-by-case basis
 rather than bifurcate the derivative. We believed that fair value measurement of the various&#13;hybrid convertible promissory notes financing arrangements prior to February 21

 accounts receivable


 quoted prices from active market exchanges
 including over the counter traded financial&#13;instruments. The prices for the financial instruments are determined using prices for recently traded financial instruments with&#13;similar underlying terms as well as directly or indirectly observable inputs

&#13;if any

 2015

 inventory
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;(k)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; width: 95%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0 0.5pt 0 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;The&#13;Company recognizes revenue in accordance with the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Revenue is recognized when there is&#13;persuasive evidence of an arrangement
 delivery has occurred or services have been rendered
 the sales price is determinable
&#13;and collectability is reasonably assured. Revenues are recognized pursuant to formal revenue arrangements with the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;customers
 at contracted prices
 when the Company&amp;#146;s product is delivered to their premises
 and collectability is reasonably&#13;assured. The Company extends merchantability warranties to its customers on its products but otherwise does not afford its customers&#13;with rights of return. Warranty costs have been insignificant to date. In determining revenue recognition for products shipped&#13;to this customer
 the Company follows the guidance in ASC 605

 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 which are recorded&#13;as reductions to the reported revenues. The Company also engages in other promotional discount and complimentary programs in order&#13;to enhance its sales activities. The Company believes its participation in these arrangements is essential to ensuring continued&#13;volume and revenue growth in the competitive marketplace. These payments
 discounts
 allowances and complimentary products are&#13;recorded as reductions to the Company&amp;#146;s reported revenue and were $17
631 and $8.002 for the year ended March 31
 2015 and&#13;March 31
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;(l)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; width: 95%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Shipping and Handling&#13;    Costs:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Shipping&#13;and handling costs incurred to deliver products to our customers are included as a component of cost of sales. These costs amounted&#13;to $6
989 and $22
119 for the year ended March 31
 2015 and March 31
 2014
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;(m)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; width: 95%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxes:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;We&#13;utilize the liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under the liability method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are&#13;determined based on the differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of the assets and liabilities and&#13;are measured using enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect
 when the differences are expected to reverse. An allowance&#13;against deferred tax assets is recognized
 when it is more likely than not

 2015 and 2014
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;(n)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; width: 95%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Loss Per Common Share:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Our&#13;basic loss per common share is computed by dividing loss applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common&#13;shares outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted loss per common share is computed similar to basic loss per common share&#13;except that diluted loss per common share includes dilutive common stock equivalents
 using the treasury stock method
 and assumes&#13;that the convertible debt instruments were converted into common stock upon issuance
 if dilutive. For the year ended March 31
&#13;2015 and 2014
 respectively
 potential common shares arising from the our stock warrants
 stock options
 convertible preferred&#13;stock and convertible debt and accrued interest payable amounted to 18
770
207
129 shares for 2015 and 5
724
704
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;o)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; width: 95%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recent Accounting&#13;    Pronouncements Affecting the Company:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;In&#13;May 2014

 creating a new Topic 606


&#13;amount


 2016

 if adopted

 2014

 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an ASU that contained guidance about derivatives and hedging and&#13;determining whether the host contract in a hybrid financial instrument issued in the form of a share is more akin to debt or to&#13;equity. There are predominantly two methods used in current practice by issuers and investors in evaluating whether the nature&#13;of the host contract within a hybrid instrument issued in the form of a share is more akin to debt or to equity. This ASU is to&#13;eliminate the use of different methods in practice. As the Company utilizes the services of an outside professional specialty&#13;firm for such valuations

 2015
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an ASU that contained guidance about Consolidation (Topic 810)&#13;and amendments to the consolidation analysis. These provisions provide amendments to limited partnerships and similar legal entities.&#13;As ABH owns the 51% majority of the World of Beer location in West Hartford which is an LLC corporation
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;(p)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; width: 95%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Advertising Costs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Advertising&#13;costs are charged to operations when incurred and are included in operating expenses. Advertising costs for the years ended March&#13;31
 2015 and 2014 were $1
540 and $17
732
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;(q)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; width: 95%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Concentration of&#13;    Sales to Certain Clients&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;During&#13;fiscal 2014-2015
 the Company had Phase III sales to one primary client that represented 93% of total revenues in the amount of&#13;$66
027. We had an outstanding receivable balance of $3
839 from this entity at March 31
 2015. The rest of our gross sales of&#13;$753
895 originated from ABH&amp;#146;s World of Beer location in West Hartford
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;(r)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; width: 95%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Related Parties&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;The&#13;Company follows subtopic 850-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the identification of related parties and disclosure&#13;of related party transactions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Pursuant&#13;to Section 850-10-20 the Related parties include (a) affiliates of the Company; (b) Entities for which investments in their equity&#13;securities would be required
 absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825&amp;#150;10&amp;#150;15
&#13;to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; (c) trusts for the benefit of employees

 other than compensation arrangements
&#13;expense allowances and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. However
 disclosure of transactions that are eliminated&#13;in the preparation of consolidated or combined financial statements is not required in those statements. The disclosures shall&#13;include: (a) the nature of the relationship(s) involved; (b) a description of the transactions
 including transactions to which&#13;no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed
 for each of the periods for which income statements are presented
 and such other&#13;information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the consolidated financial statements;&#13;(c) the dollar amounts of transactions for each of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any&#13;change in the method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding period; and d. amounts due from or to related parties&#13;as of the date of each balance sheet presented and
 if not otherwise apparent
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;(s)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; width: 95%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Commitment and Contingencies&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;The&#13;Company follows subtopic 450-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report accounting for contingencies. Certain&#13;conditions may exist as of the date the consolidated financial statements are issued which may result in a loss to the Company&#13;but which will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company assesses such contingent liabilities
&#13;and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings&#13;that are pending against the Company or un-asserted claims that may result in such proceedings

 and the amount of the liability&#13;can be estimated
 then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company&amp;#146;s consolidated financial statements. If the&#13;assessment indicates that a potentially material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible
 or is probable but&#13;cannot be estimated
 then the nature of the contingent liability and an estimate of the range of possible losses
 if determinable&#13;and material

 based upon information available at this time
 that these matters will have a material&#13;adverse effect on the Company&amp;#146;s consolidated financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. However
 there is&#13;no assurance that such matters will not materially and adversely affect the Company&amp;#146;s business
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;The&#13;components of inventories as of March 31
 2015 and March 31










&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Any&#13;incurred costs that are at best uncertain and fail to satisfy the suggested measurability test for accounting recognition as an&#13;asset are expensed.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 60%; border-collapse: collapse; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24%; padding-left: -0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Propery Description&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Pre-opening labor costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;66







&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;The following table summarizes the components of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;    trademarks:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0 0 0 65pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 70%; border-collapse: collapse; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0.8in&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 55%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 17%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 17%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;March&#13;    31







&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Accrued&#13;liabilities consist of the following as of March 31

719

261

846

456









757

733
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Convertible&#13;debt carrying values consist of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 95%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Fair&#13;    Value Amounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;March 31


547


413

554


 2014 (b)




 2014 (c)



204

 2014 (d)

204


 2015 (e)



 2016 (f)



 2017 (g)



511

508

177

479
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Annual&#13;maturities of long-term outstanding convertible debt (face value) as of March 31


695




208
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;In&#13;addition












&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;We entered&#13;into the following Modification and Waiver Agreements related to the April 14



&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Summary&#13;of short-term bridge loan balances is as follows:&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table align=center cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 80%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;March&#13;    31









&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;The&#13;following table provides the liabilities carried at fair value measured on a recurring basis as of March 31



868

868
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;All&#13;of the outstanding shares of common stock are validly issued

 2014 THROUGH MARCH 31

912


000


000


067


000


000


441



312


600


628


000


000


000


000


000


000


000


644


000


000


800


136


000


642


655


546


061


115



500


680


687


625


673


687


062


750


250

&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;A&#13;summary of option activity under these stock option plans for the year ended March 31


000


058


054
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 100%; text-align: justify; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;The components&#13;    of the Company&amp;#146;s deferred tax assets and liabilities as of &amp;#160;March 31

745

999




788

049

788

049
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; text-align: left; margin-top: 0; margin-right: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;The&#13;following table illustrates the reconciliation of the tax benefit at the federal statutory rate to the Company&amp;#146;s effective&#13;rate for the period ending March 31

&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Future&#13;minimum rental payments for the new office lease
 based on the current adjusted minimum monthly amount of $4
320 and excluding&#13;variable common area maintenance charges
 as of March 31
 2015





&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;See&#13;below for a summary:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=17 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;ATTITUDE DRINKS INCORPORATED&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=17 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;SEGMENT REPORTING&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=17 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;MARCH 31










204


671

711


765

017


009



017



030





525

581

985

542


524








765

765

535

535









421

421
740&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




    
    
    
    
    

    






    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    

    




    


    

 the conversion price shall be 50% of the lowest&#13;bid price for the previous 50 trading days; (ii) if ABH&amp;#146;s common stock is traded on a trading market
 and there is a DTC&#13;chill on ABH&amp;#146;s common stock
 the conversion price shall be 60% of the lowest bid price for the previous 50 trading days;&#13;or (iii) if ABH&amp;#146;s common stock is not traded on a trading market
&lt;p style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;All notes have the same maturity date of January&#13;14

    
    
    

000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2014


 2013
 Beanpot Broadcastng Corp.


 2014


 2014
 C.A. Courtesy Demos


 2009
 F&amp;M Merchant Group


 2013
 we received an order of the court from The Trial Court of Massachusetts


 2009
 CH Fulfillment Services


 2014
 Innerworkings


 2015


 2014
 Pavilion Law Center

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



&#13;Attitude Drink Company
 Inc.
 and majority owned subsidiary

 including the use of outside consultants. However

&#13;its next two products will enter into the functional milk category. Presently
 there is no international business
 although the&#13;Company may pursue the sale of its products in international markets during the next fiscal year. In addition
 the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;subsidiary at the time opened its first World of Beer franchise location in Connecticut in late January
 2015

&#13;which consist of finished goods and raw materials
 are stated at the lower of cost on the first in
 first-out method or market.&#13;Further
 the Company&amp;#146;s inventories are perishable. The Company estimates for each fiscal quarter any unsalable inventory&#13;reserves based upon a specific identification basis. The components of inventories as of March 31
 2015 and March 31











 three years for corporate computer equipment and purchased software plus five years for World of Beer computer&#13;and point of sale systems. Maintenance
 repairs and minor renewals are charged directly to expenses as incurred. Additions and&#13;betterments to property and equipment are capitalized. When assets are disposed of
 the related cost and accumulated depreciation&#13;thereon are removed from the accounts

 interest
 legal costs









885 and $0 for the years ended March 31
 2015 and March 31
 2014









 2015 and March 31
 2014

 furniture and equipment. We evaluate the carrying value and recoverability&#13;of our long-lived assets when circumstances warrant such evaluation by applying the provisions of the FASB Accounting Standards&#13;Codification&lt;font style=color: red&gt; &lt;/font&gt;which requires that long-lived assets be reviewed for impairment whenever events&#13;or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable through the estimated undiscounted&#13;cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets. Whenever any such impairment exists

 as defined in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 consist of cash
 evidence of ownership in an entity and&#13;contracts that both (i) impose on one entity a contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial instrument to a second&#13;entity
 or to exchange other financial instruments on potentially unfavorable terms with the second entity
 and (ii) conveys to&#13;that second entity a contractual right (a) to receive cash or another financial instrument from the first entity
 or (b) to exchange&#13;other financial instruments on potentially favorable terms with the first entity. Accordingly
 our financial instruments consist&#13;of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 notes payable
 derivative financial&#13;instruments

 as defined in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 consist of financial instruments or other contracts&#13;that contain a notional amount and one or more underlying (e.g. interest rate
 security price or other variable)
 require no initial&#13;net investment and permit net settlement. Derivative financial instruments may be free-standing or embedded in other financial&#13;instruments. Further
 prior to February 21
 2013
 derivative financial instruments were measured at fair value and recorded as&#13;liabilities or
 in rare instances
 assets. Fair value represents the price at which the property would change hands between a&#13;hypothetical willing and able buyer and a hypothetical willing and able seller acting at arm&amp;#146;s length in an open and unrestricted&#13;market

 market or foreign-currency risks. However
&#13;we have entered into certain other financial instruments and contracts
 such as debt financing arrangements
 redeemable preferred&#13;stock arrangements and freestanding warrants with features that are either (i) not afforded equity classification
 (ii) embody&#13;risks not clearly and closely related to host contracts
 or (iii) may be net-cash settled by the counterparty. As required by&#13;the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 these instruments
 prior to February 21
 2013
 were required to be carried as derivative&#13;liabilities
 at fair value
 in our financial statements as we were allowed to elect fair value measurement of the hybrid financial&#13;instruments
 on a case-by-case basis
 rather than bifurcate the derivative. We believed that fair value measurement of the various&#13;hybrid convertible promissory notes financing arrangements prior to February 21

 accounts receivable


 quoted prices from active market exchanges
 including over the counter traded financial&#13;instruments. The prices for the financial instruments are determined using prices for recently traded financial instruments with&#13;similar underlying terms as well as directly or indirectly observable inputs

&#13;if any

 2015

 inventory

 delivery has occurred or services have been rendered
 the sales price is determinable
&#13;and collectability is reasonably assured. Revenues are recognized pursuant to formal revenue arrangements with the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;customers
 at contracted prices
 when the Company&amp;#146;s product is delivered to their premises
 and collectability is reasonably&#13;assured. The Company extends merchantability warranties to its customers on its products but otherwise does not afford its customers&#13;with rights of return. Warranty costs have been insignificant to date. In determining revenue recognition for products shipped&#13;to this customer
 the Company follows the guidance in ASC 605

 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 which are recorded&#13;as reductions to the reported revenues. The Company also engages in other promotional discount and complimentary programs in order&#13;to enhance its sales activities. The Company believes its participation in these arrangements is essential to ensuring continued&#13;volume and revenue growth in the competitive marketplace. These payments
 discounts
 allowances and complimentary products are&#13;recorded as reductions to the Company&amp;#146;s reported revenue and were $17
631 and $8.002 for the year ended March 31
 2015 and&#13;March 31

989 and $22
119 for the year ended March 31
 2015 and March 31
 2014

 deferred tax assets and liabilities are&#13;determined based on the differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of the assets and liabilities and&#13;are measured using enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect
 when the differences are expected to reverse. An allowance&#13;against deferred tax assets is recognized
 when it is more likely than not

 2015 and 2014

 using the treasury stock method
 and assumes&#13;that the convertible debt instruments were converted into common stock upon issuance
 if dilutive. For the year ended March 31
&#13;2015 and 2014
 respectively
 potential common shares arising from the our stock warrants
 stock options
 convertible preferred&#13;stock and convertible debt and accrued interest payable amounted to 18
770
207
129 shares for 2015 and 5
724
704


 creating a new Topic 606


&#13;amount


 2016

 if adopted

 2014

 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an ASU that contained guidance about derivatives and hedging and&#13;determining whether the host contract in a hybrid financial instrument issued in the form of a share is more akin to debt or to&#13;equity. There are predominantly two methods used in current practice by issuers and investors in evaluating whether the nature&#13;of the host contract within a hybrid instrument issued in the form of a share is more akin to debt or to equity. This ASU is to&#13;eliminate the use of different methods in practice. As the Company utilizes the services of an outside professional specialty&#13;firm for such valuations

 2015
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an ASU that contained guidance about Consolidation (Topic 810)&#13;and amendments to the consolidation analysis. These provisions provide amendments to limited partnerships and similar legal entities.&#13;As ABH owns the 51% majority of the World of Beer location in West Hartford which is an LLC corporation

 2015 and 2014 were $1
540 and $17
732

 the Company had Phase III sales to one primary client that represented 93% of total revenues in the amount of&#13;$66
027. We had an outstanding receivable balance of $3
839 from this entity at March 31
 2015. The rest of our gross sales of&#13;$753
895 originated from ABH&amp;#146;s World of Beer location in West Hartford

 absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825&amp;#150;10&amp;#150;15
&#13;to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; (c) trusts for the benefit of employees

 other than compensation arrangements
&#13;expense allowances and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. However
 disclosure of transactions that are eliminated&#13;in the preparation of consolidated or combined financial statements is not required in those statements. The disclosures shall&#13;include: (a) the nature of the relationship(s) involved; (b) a description of the transactions
 including transactions to which&#13;no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed
 for each of the periods for which income statements are presented
 and such other&#13;information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the consolidated financial statements;&#13;(c) the dollar amounts of transactions for each of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any&#13;change in the method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding period; and d. amounts due from or to related parties&#13;as of the date of each balance sheet presented and
 if not otherwise apparent

&#13;and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings&#13;that are pending against the Company or un-asserted claims that may result in such proceedings

 and the amount of the liability&#13;can be estimated
 then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company&amp;#146;s consolidated financial statements. If the&#13;assessment indicates that a potentially material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible
 or is probable but&#13;cannot be estimated
 then the nature of the contingent liability and an estimate of the range of possible losses
 if determinable&#13;and material

 based upon information available at this time
 that these matters will have a material&#13;adverse effect on the Company&amp;#146;s consolidated financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. However
 there is no&#13;assurance that such matters will not materially and adversely affect the Company&amp;#146;s business
 financial position and results&#13;of operations or cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2014 in an amount equal to the lesser of 5% of the total number of shares of common&#13;stock outstanding on December 31&lt;sup&gt;st&lt;/sup&gt; of the preceding calendar year or 30
000 shares. Revised number is now 1
060
000&#13;as of March 31
 2014. No stock awards have been granted as of March 31

    

 a Delaware corporation
 and subsidiaries (&amp;#147;the Company&amp;#148;) are engaged in the development and sale&#13;of functional beverages
 primarily in the United States as well as during the year ended March 31
 2015 was engaged in the development&#13;and operations of World of Beer franchise locations

 developing and marketing products in two fast growing segments: sports recovery and functional&#13;dairy. In addition

 2015
 &amp;#147;HVWC&amp;#148; purchased ABH by entering into a Purchase Agreement (the &amp;#147;Purchase Agreement&amp;#148;)
&#13;with the three original shareholders of Attitude Beer Holding Co.
 a Delaware corporation (&amp;#147;ABH&amp;#148;)
 namely
 the Company
&#13;Alpha Capital Anstalt
 a company organized under the laws of Liechtenstein (&amp;#147;Alpha&amp;#148;) and Tarpon Bay Partners LLC
&#13;a Florida limited liability company (&amp;#147;Tarpon Bay&amp;#148;)
 pursuant to which the shareholders sold to HVWC all of the outstanding&#13;shares of stock of ABH
 and ABH thereupon became a wholly owned subsidiary of HVWC. In consideration for the purchase of the shares&#13;of common stock of ABH
&amp;#160;HVWC issued: (i) to Attitude Drinks
 51 shares of a newly created Series B Preferred Stock of HVWC&#13;(the &amp;#147;Series B Preferred Stock&amp;#148;) and a seven year warrant (the &amp;#147;B Warrant&amp;#148;) to purchase 5
000
000 shares&#13;of HVWC&amp;#146;s common stock
 par value $.0001 per share (the &amp;#147;Common Stock&amp;#148;)
 at an exercise price of $0.075 per&#13;share (subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments); (ii) to Alpha
 a secured convertible note due April 20
 2017 (the &amp;#147;Secured&#13;Convertible Note&amp;#148;) in the principal amount of $1
619
375 a seven year warrant (the &amp;#147;Alpha Warrant&amp;#148;)
 to purchase&#13;1
295
500
500
 shares of HVWC&amp;#146;s Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.0025 per share (subject to customary anti-dilution&#13;adjustments)
 and an additional investment right (&amp;#147;AIR&amp;#148;) to purchase up to $3
750
000 in additional notes (the &amp;#147;AIR&#13;Note&amp;#148;) and corresponding warrants (&amp;#147;the &amp;#147;AIR Warrant&amp;#148;); and (iii) to Tarpon
 a Secured Convertible Note&#13;in the principal amount of $554
792
 a seven year warrant (the &amp;#147;Tarpon Warrant&amp;#148;) to purchase 443
833
333 shares of&#13;HVWC&amp;#146;s Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.0025 per share (subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments)
 and an AIR&#13;to purchase up to $1
250
000 in additional notes and corresponding AIR Warrants.&amp;#160; In addition
 Alpha acquired 32
300 shares&#13;of the HVWC&amp;#146;s Series A Preferred Stock (convertible into 32
300
000 shares of HVWC&amp;#146;s Common Stock) from HVW Holdings&#13;LLC (an entity of which Mr. James Giordano
 the Company&amp;#146;s prior Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
 is the&#13;managing member)
 subject to the terms of a Purchase Agreement (the &amp;#147;Series A Purchase Agreement&amp;#148;). The Company purchased&#13;87
990
000 shares of HVWC&amp;#146;s Common Stock from HVW Holdings LLC at a price of $65
000

 ABH entered into a joint venture with New England World of Beer and together opened a 4
000 sq. foot tavern in&#13;West Hartford (&amp;#147;West Hartford WOB&amp;#148;)
 Connecticut that sells a selection of over 500 craft and imported beers along&#13;with tavern food and other spirits and cocktails. New England World of Beer holds franchise rights for all of Connecticut and&#13;Massachusetts. Similar taverns are currently open in 20 states
 namely AL
 AZ
 CO
 CT
 FL
 GA
 IL
 LA
 MD
 MI
 NC
 NJ
 NY
 OH
&#13;SC
 TN
 TX
 VA
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note&#13;11 &amp;#150; &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Stockholders&amp;#146; Deficit:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(a)&#13;&lt;u&gt;Series A Preferred Stock&lt;/u&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;The&#13;Company&amp;#146;s articles of incorporation authorize the issuance of 20
000
000 shares of preferred stock which the Company has&#13;designated as Series A Preferred (&amp;#147;Series A&amp;#148; and &amp;#147;Series A-1&amp;#148;)
 $.00001 par value.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Each share of&#13;Series A and A-1 is convertible into six shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock for a period of five years from the date of&#13;issue.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The conversion basis is not adjusted for any stock split or combination of the common stock.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Inasmuch&#13;as the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock has been outstanding for in excess of five years
 it no longer has the right to convert&#13;into six shares of common stock for each one share of preferred stock. The Company must at all times have sufficient common shares&#13;reserved to effect the conversion of all outstanding Series A and A-1 Preferred. The holders of the Series A and A-1 Preferred&#13;are entitled to receive common stock dividends when
 as
 if and in the amount declared by the directors of the Company to be in&#13;cash or in market value of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company is restricted from paying dividends or making&#13;distributions on its common stock without the approval of a majority of the Series A and A-1 holders.&amp;#160;The Series A and A-1&#13;are senior to the Common Stock and any other series or class of the Company&amp;#146;s Preferred Stock. The Series A and A-1 has liquidation&#13;rights in the event of any liquidation
 dissolution
 or winding up of the Company
 whether voluntary or involuntary
 the holders&#13;of the Series A and A-1 then outstanding shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company available for distribution&#13;to its shareholders
 before any payment or declaration and setting apart for payment of any amount shall be made in respect of&#13;any outstanding capital stock of the Company
 an amount equal to $.00001 per share
 The Company
 at the option of its directors
&#13;may at any time or from time to time redeem the whole or any part of the outstanding Series A. Upon redemption
 the Company shall&#13;pay for each share redeemed the amount of $2.00 per share
 payable in cash
 plus a premium to compensate the original purchaser(s)&#13;for the investment risk and cost of capital equal to the greater of (a) $2.00 per share
 or (b) an amount per share equal to fifty&#13;percent (50%) of the market capitalization of the Company on the date of notice of such redemption divided by 2
000

 2009
 9
000
000 shares of Series A Preferred were granted to Roy Warren. We recorded a non-cash&#13;expense for $1
620
000 which is based on the then market price of $0.03 per common share times the convertible stock equivalents&#13;(9
000
000 preferred shares x 6 = 54
000
000 common stock equivalents). These shares have specific voting power in that Roy Warren&#13;has voting rights for the 54
000
000 common stock equivalents. The Board of Directors on September 4
 2009 approved an amendment&#13;whereas Section 2(A) of the Certificate of Designation is hereby declared in its entirety
 and the following shall be substituted&#13;in lieu thereof-Rights
 Powers and Preferences: The Series A have the voting powers
 preferences and relative
 participating
&#13;optional and other special rights
 qualifications
 limitations and restrictions as follows: Designation and Amount &amp;#150; Out&#13;of the Twenty Million (20
000
000) shares of the $0.00001 par value authorized preferred stock
 all Twenty Million (14
999

 31
 2013
 51 shares of Series A-1 Preferred
 convertible into 306 shares of common stock at the option&#13;of the holder

 2015
 the Company had 4
545
000 outstanding warrants at an exercise price of $0.0005. The warrants have an expiration&#13;date of December 24
 2019. No warrants were exercised during the fiscal year ended March 31

 2015
 the Company had issued and outstanding 1
161
193
362 shares of common stock of which 30
244 shares are owned by&#13;our two officers. Holders of shares of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share on all matters to be voted on by the&#13;shareholders. Holders of common stock have no cumulative voting rights. In the event of liquidation
 dissolution or winding down&#13;of the Company
 the holders of shares of common stock are entitled to share
 pro rata
 all assets remaining after payment in full&#13;of all liabilities. Holders of common stock have no preemptive rights to purchase our common stock. There are no conversion rights&#13;or redemption or sinking fund provisions with respect to the common stock. All of the outstanding shares of common stock are validly&#13;issued

 2014 THROUGH MARCH 31

912


000


000


067


000


000


441



312


600


628


000


000


000


000


000


000


000


644


000


000


800


136


000


642


655


546


061


115



500


680


687


625


673


687


062


750


250



 2013
 we issued 300
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $11
250 of February

 2013
 we issued 438
400 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $16
440 of February

 2013
 we issued 1
166
667 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $43
750 of February

 2013
 we issued 400
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $15
000 accrued interest of February

 2013
 we issued 179
093 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $6
716 accrued interest of February

 2013
 we issued 439
067 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $16
465 of February

 2013
 we issued 320
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $12
000 of February

 2013
 we issued 400
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $15
000 accrued interest of February

 2013
 we issued 1
273
333 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $47
750 of February

 2013
 we issued 124
867 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
675 accrued interest of February

 2013
 we issued 400
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $15
000 accrued interest of February

 2013
 we issued 500
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $18
750 accrued interest of February

 2013
 we issued 320
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $12
000 of February

 2013
 we issued 1
918
462 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $62
350 of February

 2013
 we issued 524
154 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $17
035 of February

 2013
 we issued 609
756 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $10
000 of February

 2013
 we issued 1
353
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5

 2013
 we issued 2
686
667 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $10
075 of February

 2013
 we issued 2
352
941 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $10
000 of February

 2013
 we issued 1
183
908 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $2
575 of February

 2013
 we issued 1
498.851 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $3
260 of February

 2013
 we issued 2
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
350 of February

 2013
 we issued 1
500
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $3
300 of February

 2013
 we issued 1
702
529 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $3

 2013
 we issued 3
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $6
525 of February

 2013
 we issued 1
818
182 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
000 of February

 2013
 we issued 1
818
182 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
000 of February

 2013
 we issued 4
256
098 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $8
725 of February

 2013
 we issued 2
500
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
250 of February

 2013
 we issued 2
500
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
000 of February

 2013
 we issued 3
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
850 of February

 2013
 we issued 2
500
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
000 of February

 2013
 we issued 2
500
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
000 of February

 2013
 we issued 2
500
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
000 of February

 2013
 we issued 4
256
410 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $8
300 of February

 2013
 we issued 3
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $6
300 of February

 2013
 we issued 3
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $6
000 of February

 2013
 we issued 2
500
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
000 of February

 2013
 we issued 2
500
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
750 of February

 2013
 we issued 3
286
842 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $6

 2013
 we issued 2
600
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
940 of February

 2013
 we issued 2
481
579 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
715 of February

 2013
 we issued 3
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
700 of February

 2013
 we issued 4
326
316 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $8
220 of February

 2013
 we issued 8
500
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $15
300 of February

 2013
 we issued 3
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
800 of February

 2013
 we issued 3
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $3
600 of February

 2013
 we issued 3
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $3
600 of February

 2013
 we issued 9
150
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $9
150 of February

 2013
 we issued 5
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
500 of February

 2013
 we issued 8
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $7
200 of February

 2013
 we issued 5
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
500 of February

 2013
 we issued 5
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
500 of February

 2013
 we issued 11
777
778 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $10
600 of February

 2013
 we issued 6
935
556 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $6

 2013
 we issued 8.000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $7
200 of February

 2013
 we issued 6.000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
800 of February

 2010
 a registration that covers the offering of an aggregated 7
500 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock was approved&#13;by the Company&amp;#146;s Board of Directors. As such
 the 2010 Stock Compensation and Incentive Plan was created for employees
 directors
&#13;consultants and other persons associated with the Company in which awards of common stock and/or non-qualified stock options may&#13;be granted. During the fiscal year ended March 31
 2011
 we issued 6
578 shares of common stock for a total of $161
000 for past&#13;due professional services and payroll in which 3
000 shares were returned back to the plan
 leaving an available 3

 2011
 the Company&amp;#146;s Board of Directors approved the issuance of 54
204 non-qualified stock options to certain&#13;employees for the return of previously issued shares of common stock that were issued for payment of past due expenses to be effective&#13;at December 31
 2011. The stock options have an exercise price of $10.00
 full vesting rights and a life of five years. The Board&#13;of Directors intends to approve a registration to cover an offering to include these stock options as well as certain other stock&#13;options (see below) in 2015/2016. We recognized the full compensation expense of $12
656 at December 31
 2011 by using the Black-Scholes&#13;valuation model (54

 2013
 the stockholders holding a majority voting rights of our Common Stock approved the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan&#13;by written consent without a meeting in accordance with Delaware Law. This plan provides for the grant of stock awards to employees
&#13;directors and consultants of the Company and its affiliates covering an aggregate of 1
000
000 shares of its common stock. The&#13;number of shares of common stock available for issuance under this plan shall automatically increase on February 1&lt;sup&gt;st&lt;/sup&gt;&#13;of each year for a period of 9 years commencing January 1
 2014 in an amount equal to the lesser of 5% of the total number of&#13;shares of common stock outstanding on December 31&lt;sup&gt;st&lt;/sup&gt; of the preceding calendar year or 30
000 shares. Revised number&#13;is now 1
060
000 as of March 31
 2014. No stock awards have been granted as of March 31

 the Company&amp;#146;s Board of Directors approved the issuance of 10
000
000 non-qualified stock options to certain&#13;employees and the two independent Board Directors. The stock options have an exercise price of $.004
 full vesting rights and&#13;a life of five years. The Board of Directors intends to approve a registration to cover an offering to include these stock options&#13;in 2015/2016. We recognized the full compensation expense of $26
997 by using the Black-Scholes valuation model (10
000

&lt;/font&gt; we would normally estimate forfeitures&#13;of employee stock option and recognize the compensation cost over the requisite service period for the entire award in accordance&#13;with the provisions. As all stock options were fully vested
 no estimate of forfeitures was required
 and compensation cost is&#13;fully recognized at the time of grant and full vesting. We estimated the fair value of these stock options on the date of grant&#13;using a Black-Scholes-Merton (BSM) option-pricing formula



000


058


054

 fully vested and exercisable for the year ended March 31
 2015. As such
 all compensation&#13;expense for the above options has been recognized
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note&#13;8 -&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Non-convertible Notes Payable:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;For&#13;the period ended March 31
 2011
 we paid $23
750 as part of a promissory note in the total principal amount of $34
000 as a final&#13;settlement amount for a previous license agreement. The remaining amount due of $10
250 was required to be settled through monthly&#13;payments of $4
250 through December

 2011
 we entered into a promissory note with our previous landlord in the principal amount of $75
762. This amount&#13;was due June 30
 2011 together with interest of 10% computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed over a 360-day&#13;year on the unpaid balance. The default rate is a per annum interest rate equal to the maximum amount permitted by applicable&#13;law as we currently use 15%. Although we have not paid this note yet
 we anticipate making a payment pending a future financing.&#13;On October 12
 2012
 the previous landlord sold $20
000 of the promissory note to another accredited investor resulting in an&#13;outstanding amount of $55
762. The sold $20

 2012
 we entered into two promissory notes for $100
000 and $40
000
 respectively
 with two current accredited investors.&#13;These notes are subject to an interest rate of ten percent (10%) and are due the sooner of (i) October 14
 2012 or (ii) from the&#13;proceeds of the next funding. We received the $100
000 payment on June 27
 2012 and the $40
000 payment on July 9
 2012. The amounts&#13;are still outstanding

 2012
 we entered into a promissory note of $110
000 with a current accredited investor. We agreed to pay a finder&amp;#146;s&#13;fee of $10
000
 and we received the net proceeds of $100
000 on June 28
 2012. The note is subject to an interest rate of ten&#13;percent (10%) and is due the sooner of (i) October 14
 2012 or (ii) from the proceeds of the next funding. The amount is still&#13;outstanding

 2013
 we entered into promissory notes with four current investors in the total principal amount of $45
505. These&#13;amounts are due December 31
 2014 and are not subject to any interest rates. These notes are exchangeable for equal aggregate&#13;amounts of notes of different authorized denominations

 2014
 we entered into promissory notes with three current investors in the total principal amount of $50
000. These&#13;amounts are due February 28
 2015 and are not subject to any interest rates. These notes are exchangeable for equal aggregate&#13;amounts of notes of different authorized denominations

 2014
 we entered into a promissory note with one current investor in the total principal amount of $12
000. This amount&#13;is due March 31
 2015 and is not subject to any interest rates. This note is exchangeable for equal aggregate amounts of notes&#13;of different authorized denominations

 2014
 we entered into promissory notes with four current investors in the total principal amount of $40
000. These amounts&#13;are due February 28
 2015 and are not subject to any interest rates. These notes are exchangeable for equal aggregate amounts&#13;of notes of different authorized denominations

 2014
 we entered into a promissory note with a current investor in the total principal amount of $15
000. This amount&#13;is due May 31
 2015 and is not subject to any interest rates. This note is exchangeable for equal aggregate amounts of notes of&#13;different authorized denominations

 2014
 we entered into a promissory note with a current investor in the total principal amount of $10
000. This amount&#13;is due August 21
 2015 and is not subject to any interest rates. This note is exchangeable for equal aggregate amounts of notes&#13;of different authorized denominations

 2014
 we entered into a promissory note with a current investor in the total principal amount of $10
000. This amount&#13;is due August 31
 2015 and is not subject to any interest rates. This note is exchangeable for equal aggregate amounts of notes&#13;of different authorized denominations

 2014
 we entered into promissory notes with two current investors in the total principal amount of $40
000.&#13;These amounts are due as follows: $10
000 due September 30
 2015
 $15
000 due August 31
 2015 and $15
000 due September 30
 2015&#13;and are not subject to any interest rates. These notes are exchangeable for equal aggregate amounts of notes of different authorized&#13;denominations

 2014
 we entered into a promissory note with a current investor in the total principal amount of $10
000 with a maturity&#13;date of November 30
 2015 at no interest. This note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate amount of notes of different authorized&#13;denominations

 2014
 we entered into a promissory note with a current investor in the total principal amount of $31
500 with a maturity&#13;date of December 19
 2015 at no interest. This note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate amount of notes of different authorized&#13;denominations

 2015
 we entered into a promissory note with a current investor in the total principal amount of $7
500 with a maturity&#13;date of March 5
 2016 at no interest. This note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate amount of notes of different authorized&#13;denominations

 2015
 we entered into a promissory note with a current investor in the total principal amount of $7
500 with a maturity&#13;date of March 13
 2016 at no interest. This note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate amount of notes of different authorized&#13;denominations

 2015
 we entered into a promissory note with a current investor in the total principal amount of $7
500 with a maturity&#13;date of March 19
 2016 at no interest. This note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate amount of notes of different authorized&#13;denominations

 2015
 we entered into a promissory note with a current investor in the total principal amount of $7
500 with a maturity&#13;date of March 26
 2016 at no interest. This note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate amount of notes of different authorized&#13;denominations
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note&#13;15 &amp;#150;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Subsequent Events &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;On&#13;April 1
 2015
 we issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $25
000 for their April

 2015
 we issued a promissory note to a current accredited investor for $7
500 which has a maturity date of April 3

 2015
 we issued 65
625
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the March 1
 2013 convertible note payable&#13;for $5

 2015 through July 30
 2015
 we issued 754
116
580 restricted shares of common stock as payments to previous employees&#13;and certain vendors for past due services. This debt restructuring program resulted in the reduction of payables of $1
825
139&#13;and the recording of a gain from debt restructuring for $1
654

 2015
 we issued 121
562
500 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the April 1
 2013 convertible note payable&#13;for $9

 2015
 we issued a promissory note to a current accredited investor for $7
500 which has a maturity date of April 17

 2015
 Alpha Capital Anstalt
 Tarpon Bay Partners LLC and the Company (all &amp;#147;shareholders&amp;#148; of ABH) entered into&#13;the Purchase Agreement with Harrison
 Vickers and Waterman. Inc. (HVWC) pursuant to which the shareholders sold to HVWC all of&#13;the outstanding shares of stock of ABH
 and ABH thereupon became a wholly owned subsidiary of HVWC. In consideration for the purchase&#13;of the shares of common stock of ABH
 HVWC issued: (i) to the Company 51 shares of Series B Preferred Stock and the B Warrant&#13;to purchase 5
000
000 Common Stock
 at an exercise price of $0.075 per share (subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments);&#13;(ii) to Alpha
 the Secured Convertible Note in the principal amount of $1
619
375
 the Alpha Warrant to purchase 1
295
500
000&#13;shares of HVWC&amp;#146;s Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.0025 per share (subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments)
&#13;and an AIR to purchase up to $3
750
000 in the AIR Note and the AIR Warrant; and (iii) to Tarpon
 a Secured Convertible Note in&#13;the principal amount of $554
791.67
 the Tarpon Warrant to purchase 443
833
333 shares of HVWC&amp;#146;s Common Stock at an exercise&#13;price of $0.0025 per share (subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments)
 and an AIR to purchase up to $1
250
000 in additional&#13;notes and corresponding AIR Warrants. In addition
 Alpha acquired 32
300 shares of the HVWC&amp;#146;s Series A Preferred Stock (convertible&#13;into 32
300
000 shares of the HVWC&amp;#146;s Common Stock) from HVW Holdings LLC (an entity of which Mr. James Giordano
 the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;prior Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
 is the managing member)
 subject to the terms of a Purchase Agreement&#13;(the &amp;#147;Series A Purchase Agreement&amp;#148;). The Company purchased 87
990
000 shares of Common Stock from HVW Holdings LLC at&#13;a price of $65
000

 2015
 the Company issued a promissory note to a current accredited investor for $7
500 which has a maturity date of&#13;April 24

 2015
 the Company issued 121
250
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the April 1
 2013 convertible&#13;note payable for $9

 2015
 the Company issued a promissory note to a current accredited investor for $7
500 which has a maturity date of May&#13;1

 2015
 the Company issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $25
000 for their May

 2015
 the Company issued a promissory note to a current accredited investor for $16
500 which has a maturity date of May&#13;8

 2015
 the Company issued a promissory note to a current accredited investor for $7
500 which has a maturity date of May&#13;15

 2015
 the Company issued 106
818
400 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the April
 2014 note for $7

 2015
 the Company issued a convertible note to an accredited investor for $7
500 which has a maturity date of May 22

 2015
 HVWC
 in which Attitude Drinks Incorporated is the majority owner
 filed a Form 8-K to change their independent&#13;registered public accounting firm effective May 8
 2015 to Scrudato and Co.

 2015
 the Company issued a convertible note to an accredited investor for $7
500 which has a maturity date of May 29

 2015
 the Company&amp;#146;s majority owned subsidiary
 ABH
 entered into an operating agreement with New England WOB
 LLC&#13;for the development of a World of Beer franchise location in Milford

 2015
 the Company issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $25
000 for their June

 2015
 the Company filed a DEF14C filing whereas on June 10
 2015
 Attitude obtained the approval by written consent of&#13;the holders of a majority of our voting power to approve an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation to&#13;effectuate a reverse stock split of our outstanding shares of common stock by a ratio of not less than 1-for-50 and not greater&#13;than 1-for-100 with the Board of Directors to determine the exact ratio
 adopt the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan and amend the Certificate&#13;of Designations of the Series A Preferred Stock
 resulting in 5
000
000 shares of preferred stock being authorized but not designated&#13;of the decrease. The Board of Directors has unanimously approved the Amendment
 Plan and Decrease with effectiveness 20 calendar&#13;days after June 25

 2015
 the Company issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $25
000 for their July

 2015
 HVWC. which Attitude Drinks Incorporated is the majority owner issued a convertible note in the amount of $80
000&#13;with a maturity date of July 29
 2017 at an interest rate of 10% as well as 64

 2015
 the Company issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $25
000 for their August

 2015
 the Company filed a Form 8K to list filings with the state of Delaware for a (1) Corrected Restated Certificate&#13;of Incorporation (2) Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Designations
 Powers
 Preferences and Rights of Series A Convertible&#13;Preferred Stock and (3) Certificate of Designations
 Preferences

 2015 and August 28
 2015
 the Company filed a Form 8K for the exchange of notes payable and past due accrued salaries&#13;for shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock
 warrants equating to the same number of common stock from conversions of Series&#13;C Convertible Preferred Stock as well as Additional Investment Rights to purchase same number of Series C Convertible Preferred&#13;Stock and corresponding warrants. A total of 4
265 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock were issued for these debt exchanges.&#13;Total notes payable
 accrued interest payable and accrued salaries and accrued payroll taxes in the total amount of $8
227
452&#13;were taken off the Company&amp;#146;s records with approximately $3
933
051 that was moved to equity accounts for the Series C Convertible&#13;Preferred Stock transactions and $4
179

 2015
 HVWC which Attitude Drinks Incorporated is the majority owner filed a DEF 14C which the majority of the voting&#13;power was received to change the name of Harrison
 Vickers and Waterman Inc. to Attitude Beer
 Inc. In addition
 approval was&#13;received to increase the authorized common stock from 2
000
000
000 to 7
500
000

 2015
 the Company issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $25
000 for their September
 2015 consulting&#13;services.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
    
    
    

 2015 and 2014 :&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0 0 0 80pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0pt 0 0pt 20pt; border-collapse: collapse; width: 85%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 68%; text-align: left&gt;Attitude Drink Company (a)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%; color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;58
336&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%; color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;61
625&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;World of Beer:&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Audio Visual&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;82
635&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Bar furniture and equipment&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;198
836&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Computer equipment&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;48
839&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Leasehold improvements&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;490
964&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Coolers&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;59
832&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Millwork&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;69
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Other&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;73
805&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Total gross fixed assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;1
082
247&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;61
625&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Less accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;(69
106&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;(36
134&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Net fixed assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;1
013
141&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;25
491&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;(a) Net of reserve for abandoned furniture for $3

972 and&#13;$7
278 for the year ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0 0 0 80pt; text-align: justify&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s fixed assets are&#13;comprised of the following as of March 31
 2015 and 2014 :&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0 0 0 80pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 85%; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 20pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 68%; text-align: left&gt;Attitude Drink Company (a)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%; color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;58
336&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%; color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;61
625&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;World of Beer:&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Audio Visual&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;82
635&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Bar furniture and equipment&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;198
836&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Computer equipment&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;48
839&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Leasehold improvements&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;490
964&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Coolers&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;59
832&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Millwork&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;69
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Other&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;73
805&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Total gross fixed assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;1
082
247&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;61
625&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Less accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;(69
106&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;(36
134&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Net fixed assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;1
013
141&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: #000000; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; color: #000000; text-align: right&gt;25
491&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: #000000; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;(a) Net of reserve for abandoned furniture for $3
290&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;










































 2013 were surrendered to the Company through a February 21
 2013 exchange agreement whereas the Company issued new face value consolidated notes per debt holder for a total amount of $5
020
944
 $350
000 face value in new notes for the surrender of 425
003 Class A warrants plus $121
327 in a new note for work rendered for this consolidated financing for a grand total of $5
492
271. The principal amount of the above $5
547
372 balance equals the original $5
492
271 total financing plus allonges for $767
500 less conversions of $712


000 face value for December
 2012 through March 31
 2015 for a total original amount of $700
000 less conversions of $94


000 face value issued June 7


200 on May 13


000 on December 12


 2014 through March


500
 $13
500 and $31
500 to three different accredited investors on January 14

      

 2008
 the Company entered into a financing arrangement that provided for the issuance of a $60
000 face value short-term bridge loan note payable due July 15
 2008. There are no outstanding warrants associated with this financing as the expiration dates have expired. The Company entered into the following Modification and Waiver Agreements related to the April 14
 2008 financing: Date Terms Consideration June 2008 Extend maturity to July 19
 2008 Warrants indexed to 5 shares of common stock (warrants have expired) September 2008 Extend maturity to December 15
 2008 12 shares of restricted stock January 2009 Extend maturity date to April 30
 2009 1) Warrants indexed to 12 shares of common stock (warrants have expired) 2) 12 shares of restricted stock The modifications resulted in a loss on extinguishment of $171
622 in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Codification. On December 15
 2008
 the Company was in default on the notes for non-payment of the required principal payment. The remedy for event of default was acceleration of principal and interest so they were recorded at face value. As of March 31
 2013
 this April 14
(b) On August 5
 2008
 the Company entered into a financing arrangement that provided for the issuance of a $55
000 face value short term bridge loan
 due September 5
 2008. There are no outstanding warrants associated with this financing as the expiration dates have expired. The due date of the loan was extended to December 15
 2008 with 11 restricted shares of common stock issued as consideration. On December 15
 2008
 the Company was in default on the notes for non-payment of the required principal payment. Remedies for an event of default are acceleration of principal and interest. There were no incremental penalties for the event of default; however the notes were recorded at face value. Remedies for an event of default are acceleration of principal and interest. On January 15
 2009
 the Company extended the term on the note from December 15
 2008 to April 30
 2009. As of December 31
 2012
 this note was considered in default for non-payment. The debt holder is a board director and will extend the note once we locate the debt holder of the above April 14
 2008 debt.


















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  



































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 Inputs








 Inputs




 Inputs



      


      


      


      


      


      






      






      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 Plant and Equipment



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      






























































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      


















































      


      














      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      



339 and allowance for obsolescence of $90
000 at March 31
 2015 and allowance for obsolescence of $44
107 at March 31



      


      






      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 20
000
000 shares authorized
 9
000
051 shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2015 and March 31
 2014




 par value $0.00001
 20
000
000
000 shares authorized and 1
161
193
362 and 181
714
134 shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2015 and March 31
 2014



      


      


      


      















 shares authorized



























      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      









      


      


      


      

      








      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      










      






      


      


      


      


      






      


      





      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      

      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      







 Maturity Date








 gain (loss)



      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      





      



 shares







 value
 restricted stock award



      

      



 value



      


      


      



 Converted Instrument




 Converted Instrument




 Convertible








 Options







      


      


      


      






 Options
 Outstanding







      


      


      


      






 Options
 Outstanding







      



 Options
 Outstanding
















      


      


      


      


 shares



      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      














      


      


      


      


      


      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


 Rent Expense




 Rent Expense




 Rent Expense



      














      






      


      


      


      


      


      



 Settlement Agreement




 Damages Sought




 Damages Awarded



      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      







      

      








 related security


      

      


 for example
 but not limited to
 pledge


      




      

      


 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months



 including the current and noncurrent portions
 of collateralized debt obligations (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer). Such obligations include mortgage loans
 chattel loans



 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months


      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      























 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months



 options outstanding





















 the income tax effect on the gain (loss)
 and the amount of gain (loss)
 net or the related income tax

















      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      


 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      







      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      











 situation









 situation



 situation



 situation












 situation



 situation











      




      

      

      

      

      

      





 the income tax effect on the gain (loss)
 and the amount of gain (loss)
 net or the related income tax



 the income tax effect on the gain (loss)
 and the amount of gain (loss)
 net or the related income tax





      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      










      

      

      

      

      










      

      

      




      




      

      

      

      




      

      








 Plant and Equipment





      








 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant


      


 Options
 Outstanding



 Options



 Options



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Grants in Period



 Options
 Exercises in Period


      


 Options
 Outstanding












 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate



 Future Minimum Payments Due



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments





      

      

      
























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 0001615774-15-002766-xbrl.zip

M%




M/?(G?WYF\SL6U










*X6QKT3P+A/
885POC
M_@E@/`8$XRKA?'@-$;%^#@8$VSK@ZT2



M_,4`OFY-*GDK]PO](U-F/.`[B`=5F@OII

MF4M^7B5T[?+4+JHKROG+EVUY%L!2//]F!8$3^MX_G

MLH3U/^!9*WD!8?QXC%\CPEFPP`*)7ZPYRXGN'=:E9%I$)3NYQC?!-^=^%A4Y


8HL7=H0]&&:MF&6K;&AKF*ICM;8_E]6%49U*7([QT#
M#'?9A_+1JPCX%ML
V[#]YL




WKL*2*?K9
M\9QY/#]#Z.W)L7)-M6^6=[]$3V$E:`/LNP$^
2MD
]^U/\X7@?_`+W[.44-O




#8'(&)JQ))NS1





M

-$3!'`:;%KH$-$R7`'`@8[F9IK2Y:-TN






M+3N!BB15PR75J4&U2T3G62.JV7J/)9SF(/3\,+H$YR:`*?A(7#Y3WQ+1_!



M*GK`25(U25(=Z`=7$E0DJ1215

_/JL$A]HWQ
M0A:B4&M&!-U/J7`_I10B*
B]OB#W6E!!%F4CK`CS!!8EE7]2Z@:[4


M4(&T)LD(4Q%$42D&I&02F$B[4%_KIA(&48(%M,5M&430784Z=Q4G005%
MT3?#(U%U%#V6
E#B]'`*1%!5^V;HB]X)JC90_Y6F8*'ZTP.U
M%V^2[=`[P2TE]09ODNUP&D3LY(L^:SBH@87JO=`]\CLT!0N5^QUZ%!?=%Q4



M$!^!K4&


P88V9T%YR5'!K-@(9:4B,5J29\;7^^%C'!Y(?
M!!*50:*6)/G=\M#K;*!M-CQ?C*QA`\D1@HBZ$*E4BGP(_+FX338O.D;D)S]G

M`:8L
RTK#Z(`G_=321_#
&;VK7\UF03

M_W3W5084J:U.I'9!2


8.U'N@(E$N'SSGS#8E7D$E;)O?;\Q%XBQOX*!^G0;
M6%YH32)X('S[E/]+3L`MK46=9G8J[W,[`1_59K9R1@-BQS-A,(RDZK*.OF
M
L+R)UX!_]M'_\PT!=]A6R=?Z[%6KMA^Q]KN:2[&3XJPJ=XUYY[8AU3K3$
MSI#I
NT`P98



M[P0
;C?LRYFVXB:?8V1VDM.)@8VH2';4+#M6TX;




WW+6-`.U'RV

MKQI5:0U!C3GY$XA_)9-9I[O^O=/*:_.%=&K7*H1R1O7A9#[''+3)S[$`6`@



MC;N;
T%ZI#V:J#V6ZS/M;YKT3F#K;@$:*2%#DN-`A#I,5UF.*`6N\C)W77





3W:
2KNF![M&%5W3)]VC(H[ID\[1M4=
Z`=







MAR1*$5(P16@92?N?W98RBRJOMD0I`:JF!!Q?+VDIDZ`J+(UR6*)\]@9(I=$A
M2
JGP9\(2:3?VHJD:O4;KQ/7Z675!#O]Y_7;V1K=2M1RE4NV'Y;DVIX`2[G*
ME

MEJ0CTZ(I0#`KJE4J[
W.&.NABG.P_#E5$Q^N//OS9Q9
9C#JKX$?+SZYDW;`
MX9
3.?=6!)]=6R'+P6'+G.NT
9-EVLO&3-:S:N^NF?/NPL]I1

ZBUL6
M!);GV:E?[+Z%W
OK/@P9FT)8]P(ZC6
.)Y
.TULA^&U[`VCG?/O(G#PK=/




MX2M9)7+PAKB?P#H7Q@C@!0



M@;*?'2BSNL8?/8\%CW[P)^S%

MWK9FP7R3D^`\@7ZXRX2@K@345_

`D



MJ


MB5S!JA$SNC#
3`)E58D)


/*-39CS@(U%VH&EI2G?/BW8TEW+.IZ4

1R-.8

M?LYO2V`F

&%K-[_

GJL_PZ
2W7G6@Y
M^
N2

M=F#H5QCFF25;P(\'+QCP:)T43-XC+

N#HMA.8'E?O1L]N._V=/.X^8UPL:WY8=[YT^XG8[R?.=1C,[%?XOW
MY[^^[K5?N71Z+V37SN_/NTPVOBT_W!7\U<8G/KC6_<[#3TW9&*$P@OR;[Z.
M


M?OD`='2[G?Z@/^KV_#:,EQW')43Q:2\X5%$I\;2..
W\:=7F\X^LN;748X

^[L-MS7


!Z`S0F_9`QP0[MG;0(B-=_[ZR_FZ3EY.U
&
M?:
J$O'(;

=D?&:/Q:'FXW0?9:14'IKG
MQ[WG4;9.'A00?B11!UA-1M_L#_O=XTFHSE`ZG85T)$0JM(E.;0PE!V@9W'L





[0SN%!=8G:E\
MMIZ



MNTS+



M)^0N\QNO&I^%
1[TQDE
P*Z#E4;A3H%W?0
$W.A`$A.6E\BR`4`['YE6WN@[

HS?(WS]L
M'.`X4G:*'#H-*;MT8:V?S)T:F6W=.


V(XVF2
KANF!*IV8M!F(VP7JCX[GA\XT5
2

MA^7&!Z-^7`SD7W[M@2/O
O







MA2'4:E(L8+5BVPYT'WZI90[&XT($S.%$U\F`W02_`DM6UV+DGGL7!\`B48Q:


ML-




M7'GV;\!H?*$DJY1`J/?&X_S*50;ASN.L+V#!(Q!;]`]B+!?`S\,OP;^=G=


0ZA85]N=`VS7PQ?WT[#

M=0(W



M[HS-8:&6664$U\R;H[.@V\N:$^B=E0SML^3FT=GCY\6U%DCD&K+AVXN1RFT(



ME*S:


Q^^_3WD-D?/6SR

7Z[
QSG
::@E-^]IN)EB+LH[
M)^1+!SMC[L3SDHH*F



JIJ/8L.2K&YB;UF9IN



B\X@R]KF


QKT5BG:
M

KQ-.UTRS9:QZ1G2.*!(/+1M[X5V)A]'K!)Y`=A7P$V8X-F6\R?/#E$#5

L#@U=C]H]E57\





T!

S7RME33[YY&[9OZ=439_\;/10XL$

!
$H&2ELS['M^%[%\QO.4]
M9K@5KW?R`7,BNU[\'*9W7S`/8R!>6



A%+^LSEX



M`8UE


.=\?3





M^=+=B0\L1*V

M?


W$ZFG7Z'@2SPYXX0VN$$_JK97*I)J1T!


;3LD=+


J%DOB-&R




[^46:/1



`2\D@=S0
MC=

4ZE]M0^I=4=DK0U%




RP
EG&YD_-%Y*D?3SA6;4U)$VWEKW@EQGU/['6Q]0#?RW-[
GY,1)Q57U94P^6!-65!\-
M41NU[P&EYJ\*G,JIIG3VQK5RUED:.FFI'G(,;.841:4^*P(A$!U03
BJY

&&Z1G=/7^

.K+^Y;Y:'HCPYD0[5TF9O

M$_A56OONLE+WPBE]WOL,6V8Z+L)ZKLNZ3N.*D[P@
=[.I9;T-'5=]OQI(W


R/?69CG-I-U7S9
=#DZF^@O9JB

M



#/O9YJUYKOLQV1F





P4B;;N

!

UF6[XM%8R#]<7

[MQ11ON4TY%-41U@-IW--[HS4Q!\U8A!;`JM@]&T-?%+5X;)[CIW8YD0


F4Z
#RRL

M]9S(-?3F[BQ#0^GQA[87&!)AO;RZWD52M=M:/NX5];'








4&8PAD)Y6MZ5'[P8;MB_]LG7;L/_
=H)B8=1W'`
OV-;'E@KK_@

/#L9(6`+
ME#OHC0)`^!Q9EFCAF3KJ


=/JZ6&6P7&T4%H6M#D[BSW;181G
M$++$5K&T$`AQF=B#&-.P[BVZ=N=,XV#9=H4CK82)=Q3'(H%Y<O+7XP;*4
-

M5&

+`0C8S/KK





:G4I\C2G[&D;-*&1$+^E%X


^?WV&M$DZ!XV&10B^M;+)V-3:4C5VM





^H54R\7OA^P!1GVZF&()!7@$LPZT5\/^3Z_3DKOP&BR0
M(W_E=;4X%:[_B#R;N'[():UCBY&RH@[`I3F,'T8^6,)6**N=B-W_UO5]K.UV
MKWVZ_'J9?B4K_NK-J0;^!'IU*+`XG++MIYR0LV8?PC*S]GSN[..*UCV$-













15I44):A_$2PA
W8J*)?!%V7^D$8O]





4C4Z

2YM;3





M(&ERK2NSBP2S)Z&V?$?1[0YULP\\^MWRQ

GR=K'



_


292C+--'^JGXAJ\+1OUGA


M562@6M2L


M?#/^%V;7E&33BL(#31);?[`$ZB*KSY.U/$1H

MCIGO@3/!
Y8HV=M4Q)/
HNDW6F2G):0ZG?%9KN&RP.85(T!JZ=/MZ,WGC7U
M.J











QP_F(\I<N(WI3


M&S-:DFK[S[G*T(2#UF3-[?5!-7Y5BKE0C\N;Q8T2P


7P:
M8

A[OG#Y

M8'GAE&%+\-2XU%YA4.X/)Q*1CPHMBT&EXP]\-(L^P'.*Q8]\R/Q27Y4C?K

M^F!

Z2*#XU8RX40-'7_M$D6\.
I


MRR8SS_E7S(2K]J11J;18VZ1X9@


TRJ&\/TSMN^%7@@P1A9-


22PL$7)


M5D'[!I58@'4T7H6
#?Y


?N\9KR\U,2UM=4K<JM%SY7OZ1D8.IR9
MS(6Q=3K=SF!3

]Y$OXDZ([_[
M

S?@8?X


M)1X=NW*$GA.AIZ^/QV-]

G(CMFK95SN3PW


MJV9IFQ:&BEA[6+EJP*U]R'^ECC1\35H%PKJ2,'-4#BAQ:?FF48M:NB$=:I%
M5HJ7!$(X1E8O*O^7_.R7P;4
9XK'XF=TB


GI(
_G-3[W9*]
MVDNR/KMKTCPIB9I2'L\^1XY2'ENUG)3R^)P5OC;E


2

M(!CW+KOUAWI5+BB/29.L2F9^R.J:6S:Z


M6VX(SX^T28P]8B/W28NQ*2RG`O^
P[`?UMSQN*K6M;M8G.U$R#0?()?QQW
:
M\7U/+)))?7;:M

YD`3D-

V]R-F9(
4``/`D5B9%?O=KM:
MB*W

M/3KPK
5)$`

M
;6%&X?I][*

R$#
M+0]8(^YINC^A1


M


MRMJLFP


MT#:G[CGX9:/?T7M[N]E5@N`::732L/

M
'8\#'6=^0#FC`&:F$%?V(,QY3A^Y)PJ^B1N0],1$^%N0X.S%[N8L.#^OH]
M?=PW+K4_F#:S1(2TI=E.:-T'C&$@EPP[Q&`]&!24C\T'?V0!#_:;B&#V!VO
M`\!G3


L4CUA_D
MC3_$^

GC#7D)/M36+LPTGZS@@@0:^L8?^UA9N(DCK0__


MNH%


MN8CB[HQXEH@
\
8RPEX\M291'.`.7DJ+N;FXNKWX[ROML^/^J4DLA-JU+^MB



MC'7M@YA7=_3+9^TSPRT';_\5U/]USY]NN;5S)DWX6+(M1[#V(D2D?#.:/`
MF40@:^*`1]V_P^PZ#W_W

SE28M#



MB
20W82)EC9U


F_N9(#26IPIP1FTEF
MW[TT=:
S$

W
M@0.X$R;2;^ATF:%.?.<\.*',QUV6;]H:V88;*\`*J(SE

UJ+1E:TJH3K*H
MU)F!%%\IE




4+$

+Q!O=D?\]5FW/FUJ/?B!S#:7\REJ'SZ%+_XF

M@@G^FAZ5\$.CCV2%

M1]C=31+^=_3!

4%F[(

%!










M/.UT($.SEWT\?)+\A4)(9/(S7XAY*&[ZT



Z[)O;.'SBO%KOB*
SA_PS/2O+S[`CD-[^J(#_QB1CQ+AHM.]Z!HO

*4Q


M9C:M;VTS^


6WGA

M!

#.WU?JKW/OL
R#

MG.D--N?S$G84XHQBV)%
ZAM*
8G@TQ#X#
?8:K:K$H=.9^?]
7
B1KXO93;_

M\WBBQBJT#Q!F9ZR/._OZ.17@B1JKT#Y`'.R`4H`M:BQ$^S#1'8#6Z`R;P).2


M=


1@:^K!3_]T#N9
(UF=Z
M)!,$8($X0)P@1AXCS=2=&
!=I';^+/V9M7TJ5$P2@U1R5U]:%AZ&
%?$H$




];-8?VY
ML.14(C@K00N).#5((4P0)@@3A`G1%N=2N0[4G(+T`FQ:9,G3!`F3NDU,`V]
M/R8',^%`=1R49:1ZZCU6&XR6\YZ\H0)P@1A@C!!F-B1E))LHOKCD1R9Q\;C


MU%B$%N+!Z.M]!?R'!`A%`$&A9X2)%2'1-_6.T0@A49+=1+ZDUH.ZR6PYZ\D3

M(I`@+Q)A8HV8&!GZ:-R(IHTEV4SD1VH]K)O




F.LOYOZUBV^
M^A02/)]+8+)`;GJM6W?U*21D/D/L1WP-G(-:M_+J4TC8W7ML^QE5SGS=IT9
M??HE5^/`HU`HWUDFCA


-5=)MAX5W:4SC

-+\J?:K
H.\2(3I,ST)$8($X0)P@1A@C!QEEZDFP4+
MK
CQ[K7W/Q;




M

G3!`F2&%48$&15ZGU8&XR6\YZ\H0)P@1A@C!!
MF-B1E))LHGJ]2N0\4G(+T/FP:9


(H
MR5`BYU'KP=QDMISUY`D3A`G!&&
+$C*2791/4ZCV[]R'*UZS@(&+SA*@Q9


-






Z99

$G



MS#/$?[=3\TO(J2D73`A''W3]\1(J$SP[?CS6H;A]S:1%+`'YL62/9CP;R0


?D1B'`T\J!X3`8A'X@#F<=L0F
\_Y%W(3

RKGQB-[)0W82?817!*:)U$
$P-(

%E0I_?F)6





52B!NS3J`&^/8W'K\AQR7%1+UI8KU

MA7

767
MHBD$QA(_`=N)O0%'7[`HN`

MX^9&\MXGZ4




Q^3YA\(.\<.27


7`_8
MRB_\JB%

MX8O$;1DD9)0A/F

M:M
#IAG)HB


.G
M
&+S\%+[;&'^.B9G


*WT``[$^`):V
MDE5:








3C&9ZFF]9+AE(\
M48J8-.=3#626)31.=&4JCNE/VCL63@*'%_]5B)EUC[@NY7F?N^*R
'[%*QPK

WY'%WKCM]#A9&Z
3!'CZA`


MC8U/4+[*'Y^13ID-B^?JV

#=N1K+_F)CR?CONQH24$#D1S
/
PO?K9%+E:=
MP%:\D?/`W*==&H0_6V%@M3UX9'GW#FR

52D.BN





M^N!TU;YVC0^DI5J_5%U#@6:;)S15J@S/28^(HNE0[B;@`KX7*7E$I(B0[34;


O4KD6-AGY.Y)LQ8+]RGIIX6-CYR0]X.2(2@?KKZ_






DQXOSO_T6-!.'
6&N__!+9OY(@.


MKZS70G]


MN6=LV!L/%AZQ
JI6-P=?*SCTX51M=A=).\QF8


?SY#W*&=2<SUM
MT/OHQZXM#T`@A#P;ST_1(S:!M#@%LZ<%\H;?Q/!#`3_\8/M(E$IW\1,_7LO


TW(=IM=^(_9TD00+
M*^`&8ICHWQ`:JS=M2(\&[*BBMTFSKFT3L=#B2(<'0X7T#G4+<MJO2C:N=PN





M3`HW*RM*;5W.;U$K6%G?]_R98L-1A*N-`

N41
MRDO-YUS.\@R


MWL*Y%8W'V+-LI`26^U^QC__A)TLXNSG\0T2-D%[2FDZ\A75)HXKX=4(8\/^;

MK*

MT+Y2?3[)_02$A$XD`C)X\$;`C4AT#:(\QB.T\%0X&*#PE#HX^(AXL-^VG0K[

XE'5G


MMJ
2`[[-0GGANQJ!J4M'.O)#4-85AT3X74:QP([!ENUWZ*9B8`KC`'R\`1W

2TZ_



M-G=?GGUS'03CZ*8\FTV&.C`B&$,`5(IY?TZ_(6TA'WK@YZZ9.)X*''B5+B


^20J2^36'I1G




EL+GDWRRY=CJ!+;-7=)

III


M#%&GYEP?<9;`FRT4YMHWD-M=$^8642@`V*VSD(
M<PX?,M8:)FC1I)EHO,K,0B1MXEJ&,TM$K_$DSDAD@-G.@\-C1_G36'4(MAHO
M(^GW\
DN)GOVBAR9=+8(T
7-JI_+


0DJ8^Z



_K[`F`[MBW^I


M@BH1!B*1=9FA@WN0)N@!DX5`W30(.(L72E)'TLIHX8S7;LG\%
D5.+\8`L(B

MEA67D?0)=V$HZR;P#UUAPQ2JB(E+)*SAMD)0W;'R#8&X
INT(?RZ%8%0UF26

Z3O:#LV?3OVE=N.WU9<CAC)EU+SO.^PM=Y7V`(6S<


?1):-T=0<[#_+BGAPUBGGQC_&
M']);LJ)+
$OSQWGP)Y-KW#Z`/BLLF


MDJ9%TA3V?00
9J!



H\W-BW




K)
M6]GNU6.
MT+A0A][J')Y2K)(V1E)692T14RZ$50BBZX!2KX+'W%M)9*@M)'1
M$6&[PO'$/#MMKYKDA&3?`?O7?0J=M*P8U\8A]X




N.I7U2\\`2

M/'B%V-B);_K
`


M]R=NL?I1UATDC5J6B=@24B\'`[UC#F710SLY
)
M5PJO-41P)I!1+-LK2AJ*G-37E#G/L#:
2TN7ERS*.:05.&6'XK9BLK4:'P`6R:O

%Y?-D




M\UN2P'G^





]64HTG($)]S
MXL0)9XQ%Q2GQP#_<%G+5&L!K^0M<3.2D1005IZH`QBR*'(YDS9[6IYWGZRZ

M@HDCK+XD

MS3+

2KX5H8`;8N1.=23C`L\
;WR08EZ;SXOX3TU1S.L1/D6




*





HO_*HA3(UPCG
8


,9GJ9#U$N&4CQ1BI@T)T$-9)8E-$[DTOL:
M8(KZD_8NJSH$#/K'G%=2LX^OLRR
'[%J[8HL-G.@X--DA-D7#3^VECEV1._



W2-6:47T=6-$%2](,#3-BKB:3.)Y++H*
M67,?Z/RW14$1)TN.[NJCT<D.'^HF1Y.T4-B,:-`6I8106C9:-F7EU;[633)

M:6VQ:)LK=6!50Y2UV6E6]XCGQN\#-G]MU5AODX-IVZ.W%
APZIJZT6]Q;`:Q


E




M8*W13:'[8E;#GKR1
FZO-?);T^!DMQ3.7
69ZQ0*$_!6!-\]-2P+AG/@LF

29SU!7UL65/C3&^G#G'


M'&TKI;95?]39HWYSXWBF#$*\XAPU38;&N3RE(6AXWO[%;E/:34'C(Z(WW0


W3G^L#\:--'@(5PKCRNAV]/Z@



@]Y`$U2XQ*
71LE8K^:`U9V<54TMUN6
J]U+)+'*GZ
MXD=


2*\N1$.I3K
S5()G?NPS&^/4;JKFRXZ!)E=_`^W5
M%-7?@-0?09_4GSIX.$OU1V?`-*YIU$R7D)J:4/O=\GALJ&<GT/MU3UJO2%I


5Q0&O`G\S
1O,N$B<.]RZH126NG
MYGX^4<EMK`=]4!UH=7;44(+UGKK%=D2IZH-_#_


7NR3YH4Q5UZ
+
@ZJJ3]X0%GXA*+EBHAJ



-ED6[UQXDP;ZQ
M`@HP1(TE:!\:AHW)`R4[H*3=OV^4F@(
46



@5H

U!
*4*)L
LFNAY\&[K6UA[(./Y2MJ9I2%D/?

7ACGJ]!8:B$I[I').G10.E1
MA[DQ?&-VSU=D&
K.NE5\5D!DF.T\H=1L




M*JKV;/FD/$U=K


%S@3/6%R4-Q;Q)+-H^HT6

M[&3A[^342H:LGP?F:\




%5K25(.G?2/*

/L:'
&B@.RPE;.#6CRRW&IH5

M&[.K

S;KC?HK@1-


<8_)7OHGR'R3'DM




M@=X=[)N82
@AY*1
VKU8!



T+




3_)Y-I*6_AO#)).S_G4P#+TK\HR:QQ8U

M@@
=2`@39(&2Y[/E9B==MBNP#N9`'Y@C?=@C0Z-9DZ_2&]Z%TSOAH5F3KS+X


P











/Z)Z5

3\($
M&9[D_%0=.K18LJZ\F2#UIS$C;HL*MWAI3-VJS)5^D0[^E#
D(;-GDR0@D3

M2K20:K&,HSUCDA^;QY;U%B(]F%B`$*4X-LR9

M





'3N:_:R-.S_]HN'D+D+G
MWTS


&L*]C+__0\63)Q0I2U:]XBG8OTM^;*
J&];/\(






M)O77M

M4DO:5Z\

MZCQH=`QJ.M@58




?SRC4W_^N)#X
_-CM&[Z



M)QR%1#



MC`X(1J


X;M%-/=F0K\DH(A83^E&X1BEL


`J`0R%/10H*




PN72:BF8;GIV`

#Y83
M:`^6&S/-LM&=
8=C3$H3B






23*`
$$608.67YU*
_HO;W=[I!<(TT6A<V=52HT^9J
MS=_9/88*?6


^
MU1UP1
%!.P0'&9V*HX.




M
40


$&8($P0)JHS?4HJ+-OK55+U\@N+M&_L@7GQSDTVEP@SJ63J$C%5E4SM



M0](1#%USWTP%!;BBQCJT#Q*]P5#O[IUQJ0!/U%B%]@&G$F$B56],1@:^K!3
M_]T#N9,(UF=Z)!

G
M3!`F3NDU
`V]/R8'


2B

M2]1P]YZ(&D8-MU`'/-B0`7M6)BO7.`VC21AY0,@RC%H#`H#`J#PJ`P*


E0&!0&A4%A4!@4!G
R%*;-GSR@G1E&8`HH/2PI0)

5PB@-(+M
5822G9/

V]Z



M11(LWIIM1#?_75



1



M@P[=(\26$%`3B`GD!.=AV2






$C)Y`3

V!!<L4F(<^M
M@KN+X#:,'KS$#X.3I_DO;SB2DW$X_/KK?_Y'BO.7Q6W.VV+(C:Z\;[/ELS2





QB#IV&#^FMO2,GJX3[N[YO?[P
MHL@+DMKVTO5?7E5_FEPY111.-L=^/5%+375Y81%7AI9T\XVI_Q;3SS`?O.B





VV$%[#HUTDO#ZQP87OO`\!H'



+F8C












!SQ#JHM0T.+N9!4@=A.7L7.URUW#0
M^J[.#`]I@(G$@H%-:R8WT8&

R%XU;TD#'A&(PMT
+R(T8B+!(.MH5&G$KP:



7Z_%7WLC3%FG%NZ'%_8N0.X
1;5&I!!AJ=`:
^)DI











M+





[2=O_<UX%`
M%G#)U3;IF&[5!)DN8Q\/CWJ^;$BNP^<Y9E-`9Z





?W;/0N#$=E


9

M44CS!='3D


MIIM-MY=WJ(O+V!+HI8G99/FU:T):@`L;`)?ND-`28R%AS40'0U:_U-#Z`(
M/WI/9M5AJEDP06^H-0-7Q61?M1:AC$=I3!1VA5@A*]X`5MP`KCD#74HJ@
MI#)#+8LZMJ$,0*I59:A*0?`98!4?JAK`RCY&-85DVU#18!5**HFP$JYMI(0
MJZ3:JB'4JT8*'@H-PUAM$PD4X/MIP/0N^YEG@%7\S-K[!L`!&I7+
HY:`&EE





`8






M`!G_2NY






M/


!



M-5
F(N8VI5&F`KF%X9[?B:!^LC2I)953:8%^8B2I+8U2B:N4TI$G4*F%M6

]+

]F/;2A7CKL@IA_0V@B^4_7JANG89D/[ZM




M2CH:BZM1V


VEN3V
SJ4DW3MB





3+Z5=
MY`]?79DVMN?P[F5`DF5COGJA+24A;I&094D5U0.3N1S!ESDJ_?_I2D+1(*

BW4[4!(:2A;-$!Y^3H@AU`#





5J8?H<1HZ5@&<1F,%2@5/8$T?&01##]33!;Q//@D2.8G\V?ZT1,(O?2?
M*1-L&P`C/%B`@,I/)CQ)WWW%M@#00;X/;1
?V6#F9Q1Y;^C&H\MX1VSB:KA

X7^2?\Y[
M$V%K([$Q1G]B*.#/R%RMP-7`A:P-!&^1-AC+K'(PY[A*S_G:%'QP=)I+]F

4!V1[\@60^J;.$^:I)T0!


?4\3

L
_E[18,@]H<6W\B?V%YKF263G!2A).S*7V$OH+F'0CETE
M@YF\F$[@P0LYW\?QN)^$*D8*%WF^1A=/EXP%/



4V[=XM[EVR(##T-YBQL`V^`YR&*0`6SI)*N$W:;@@6



M?(9L[`YWB]OETHR

H7%O8`4V0%=^X#G=W/'




KSP&1+-DVV50AR]D+$=EC&










M%5`P


C'XW2.+P+HQ%ZT7Y*\@

[VL:Y_BVR0-KL^DTKIXY;E$'
MHG``H_!@NTNSZX&6]
(*)ZC)88S2IO/+6ZFK/9`Y
5_H/$3-AI[Z14--C
\;
ME'ZW]`Q(/I^)N[5V:TD[4&F9
VZ[VQP&95M'*)X[:00Q5'/N+!8[+'4'GI-V


MY3QOBE



M-I\'J[#`XR6A57W


0^(!'W!=:F/VA&W#L8F1
M=!\#2'9VU3?VO9\I^??+7YU'
8]$%T^NH+%ZW_J.;@0VMWL%-L@9S

M5'ACXB?3
GV3=)_@U61!$M1
1Y[Y:

M$%\@_@F*


M\F1D)WG!`1.TZH\/;^3#\+\W8)NF[,;[]1+#KSTN2\OF7^N;G[].M'+5.'

M3NFX^+@IB7E*^BE_])2D?

MZ+6D;6E)K:
#0B?#,B
MT0&4[/48#V2%3;HQM&1[<Y2T#VDZ/?(Z4F8&B#Y<B9A<:Q#VKR4XJY`L[TD
MEJ473[G0FS@^^ZS$1&UM$X&EJ

M^#.*+IH2DBLV%]!D=)62
R?$2.X7LP$46@1L(OJLB2`8G0'8\YF2'VUU.O+=
M7N'Y
Z3`V!8X


U%GZE%VB]


SS*

U']Z+;`*\MQ

M\01%;Z#
P=)CDV!O(OHJ8N^B[
O)%9)



M#G2P^NB:
`1EQK(5)6!XO**W0U]8V(2QSF?BT?M\]VX86L8PM.P=QLNKP`)?




A+*;

^LS)_;5AR(DE:OD(JQ4QOD+4=-J8=Z_F5`






`G
MX
7TKW








V





D(V$7
(DBS.DS]<Y=A)M[['/7DRWP8_US(
W]M&
M4BPN19A)(H2\PY9(\


MM\ZC4OFV&=[GC3F#SJ7C![B]$3$^`4_N0@B!Y3*.`'
HZ`$GXC2<'
]DGW=/'-82)8:^SQ`\QXOZ;F)'$0W#_



+$-*
MXZ55?/'Z5V

97

MYK!I!*#4^JC-7PKI=4$IZLY)*+`!!MJI+#.


M%4/IX``144#D&



!
MG'QY-VRY41#%+XVOPGME[
D
'!SJ9K2%!%=,$BR;)X9K@B)6K:X0PC@NCO
M9.FXZF])UY7OI?.7QK#SRRMC0C6NSH!-5+?YI:$^

3N=SF
-_;2Q


MY-`]:D.X)6+P4=3`1C*P'K![/_#;#V'-.=XCUJH+1RVEHDDK=JINO'Z8&8

^SHWWHIE+%S?X7SZA!*C
GPPG
Y'7
ML8.B^RSP0Y&G@UUB:I:LA4-9KB*D


5PX_P2

9

M_]SX*&#FYA'
C+^`05]RS2


?W_LFBBWZ40Q9J@5.(2`@B


=5W\A
M=\S**%U?TR!F'KK'NG3SNYS3[PKC%U3`NP&+[6EPL$UR0BL7K0^);/+H-;\;




+AV*639^M4]KW?A*Z9O+
K






M!7=5X3)O`#C@_*Z3A;




M6+JY)?_G


M[+CJ.BY8E'

M83JGJ%:%RF*T=#V8D8`
2J,]F9R61\Q;_^U'O77,Y8[.4







MGH:+;DWM:LBLI0T;``57P:W&&I@D*&1%+;D[?PKLFR]55U;KQG_=K$

8



MM2IY$]87[]&5^@,,(D*M6-3VY)$&Q.7@I[G5Y$:HJ2N&9^O2[MT?(-7![H




MW#64_QJ'/5]-8M^[3AVE1#Y@JSB;K)],H_/Q.UY3A?@[2=^-
L=I4CM!@5

M;[(.C0=8AD1
V?)2!J*Z%[V\-+9ZMW-__I:M8`EH_DG^;'P*%E9QB&GP[L
F



M/K1)Q6@IQKAX.-



!T_Y5%^!^R8\%2



5[Y`;T\67Y9
0%:6BW;(`;A81$T+UE/38&P?H2EM6\,'N5R
MZFY;3KF93[:]C(]3J*1]=VT)X2*`W5=NGRNYGH0Q$\Y?H5B76)26=$1B?(8
M#7;VB_@8S['*W2G4([H1KEM.E757N[(2X!NI(
H+-R`/Z)/+R&]2#ASD/_
MK^PQ]H+K9UE'AFZ)#`V(FRGSD)C!1!-.8\\;`1VPRJ['5C6.B`?E]!NY7*

0L/IYC
M!SSHFPL_H?.^&X:KW*(\Y.]%9[1IP+#+H!-

MISEQB3')4CYUOL(;T[U()*7#W.J[?'R-+*
P0?(/QP(V?$#7#^YRQ?5-2G
/
M&D#)!
.8



(DDX


M/EO10W14
W*/+B'W-B/0-MM];+:@I3;;-]1F5(SKK_`O#'C-R7N#*I2VX5JR


MI78[D?515`[W/.!.1Z-62#;MFE9X]M)Y*.OCZ#%\;[$\:*EXOA#(M
&-^=

;8N*.I3G&JSXT_*/6C[E5T

EL.WA6%3A8CTI3BG3IV'GB)'P^3@'1_A0:$:2/J]R8ZEDV:]2EV+60
_BP

MKN0TD-F-O4JGZO?MOD-*1
(VV7RF



M=



M!$4A:JFB\)52

7Z/SNGU


MBEKSY'/ZOW/0EN/.B^H
U?5@;@*?*C*O99



.!`&7HR@S(I/
51J
HN

5


MCKES3O=-[_+C7&K:J=%RQ,4+;OV=3Z2:/E6E7)Z?Q/YLU*EVT4EY/F/]0+


M3#&;K;B!\;R0+GH]-M#N`6
W#ZK&6#ZL]



M%+Y
''[<*(CBE\;?[#[^CW?]9HQ(!BE?9#-HT2P'*N?S5AM2^CK
MXF8250Y6R/O#*%_B=_FSCQ5.J3PZ*$V6[C9?)GZPR9R'B-7+AZE$NPIS8<K


-A*^(ENO7

F

8WXC!P(4LYK(V1


M\OH72;5.:E[7


=N.$_&J$&NU
M5Q25-+4B=
09

M*BXEQ8\H#JA

R/T5^J
ZR)Q40O5YC(\?WV!2P%*Z%.I7
M%5&@5]93BC-YM#S:94OS:\\XC8=LU.-RSL-8\^.KT?.C-U@SMK*N9$K[3V
M2U-.9



#9G!%_D]6GLQ(K@%PXM8X2`!D%3


HA6`J=)W=&.QJ_

M`


M7I7&#:CS)!\HR^U8


M#=/^C]
$:CD`



MW0

._&+MNN$DP=M[$]80



MX8M9.%!4B+!

M`.9.QN*:CHHX*AT7WBCP8*D315*W+4F+RN=XEZ28+4VZ`K/9J7XA)*12HU







!@
NSW98UV[E8[?%M[8S]



F(_#P4=27D
M!Q](.!F

MH.=*KMY*




MQM%KJ2Z]O

059[T30+



MA9MSXT


+X4FC$6=@N('+M
[\Z[]_OG=B+K
0+#10L5E/EEAE*V(9;&U/;_
M+_*!8L*-$Q1@18N;3Y2V?3X`S&\G2^?PB$HJMC\49?(@RQ1@D+E5_A!\Z`
M/M^FB51N=U2D[!C(W06=(5Y21]A:BZY=PQWK`$,BY






B:1M\JF?5T^RL02M?!HL(H2&U]



RDI;-=
@DP5\B3&6F`@RB11C`R65

XMLU;H4-*Z!M6=J^'J;I=L]OM%K`@0AX/&D8M+-0$U4PTP/F:


M^][


T=`<C^_WTWV4IDH#NK(




MVNH//SZ_KF@ZI5(.

_
MWTWC/?S]KPO3^`#__0C__?06_OE@&K^_@7]^@W_^KVE\_I6MP6_PW???X9__


M8A







2Y



=.QXQ4C(_V17D%+F2AZM#8(IHZ2\4CBN<E(%.%;W<'P/'\R3ONA&K76(
M5H,WRY!0/@J?BTGDAT0F-#ZE&O[HXW%6JF@*KXHBJ`LM)(I`PQTOLI)/<R\



M6=:*!%N15XPGJ)E

M4MHXR84\


BB@'





])+Q7[^'&)7]


M$.J(_.5:%+


TU%X7@&:Q*+7LJ\(U2;J;&;+$
M:
`E



(:117-#';\?+A]^_OOK[[IC&CB;DM9AY





%K3&A
:$QH3&A

MV3ZN-&


1TS`V.X/A



#

M\*3L+/[7'@_:QY%FS


`]63^N=&A



:)5#
M8^)ZJZ1K:Q'1KL%K#50[/IL`EB;1
GAA:\]G`^;!&IE65[NZVC=XK7=J3#PB




[
M/QN.FR;1

^:AUS$M+.RI?9TM&_P^31!S

MUTGM&A
5Y5


?'HOL_10VN\'I'JJ;V?[:/%EF?O
M6@L]L


/?IJE@?

CT
M-B'3ZX[
WKTA
S![/0V9)P89R[0&`W



$](=/9
MS\9D#7H:




MV

H3LZ-B\1(
G=NTCM(OO&-FKT!AM2M&PLB&T696R#:60.YYJ


NE*:_@H438!5FL4AT#)QH$_847`



&#]PIMQH%OK_


M0D&Y05D=HJ:&RS[
#4W#0A0E&8$6]!
$L/Q+23WA@!)JA%K-ZR^1%M/&.6

M@;DA9
+B!P<'E8RLL<E`3B`]4OOM6%X'(O


EABV&0E9T@/R/N+;Z^-]`=

M!;3`+1\VR:GPT99.\AU4+N0*M&E1YT`F2BL0=B.\5OE2*.
+!I7XT+YT%JAM


FRB*)UKOJ72YWQX]IS0JY
MHV\84A&[-#Q)
+5

`ER\!/3U^V=8T=@93@


_R%`R@KO
MK+&
T))E]SW2QUAO



=&D*2K;[6-6SO2`W_
_53LQ3?V+ZX+




R98Z));&G&1&A,'(5

Z.U/

M0=04=5'G[&FP-Y@M3WKP&A
:$QH3&A
:$X^K$STD9^^5L:XBVN?]76CRU52^


M:]BY:W:91L[AD=
D;:![WM
0TA#:`2T//P
X))!J]
P7J0
;?^6KY5V[WQS-
M*V/AQ#

MP*-`IY\8861D8?%KI0-#-9Y&T`JU$2.%?DA=3;
TB\7YECG^^XLL.9LYSO+E

4`Z+)TX14'F&$M8


M!NP5
*CNH'
&WQ
%I
O(EK*0!



M23;Y#S3$2V=-M.`J`WB#%'&QT1
0@Z=$!KZ(\I

M)S[\

M::TI]E0?A*4YYN=X.?

5




MBP66%LI


MPON&W


MI%4*@#Y^$ZT??SH5+(`R



-(_S1I7F%`BW-CQ_KP2K7B6\M


M;T!T?N0D*=*(UHB^^[%27VD0^T3S\$8PEXD9:!K(-\9R%:W24B6U&@H:RC?
M`\KC1D%YW$HH-P42+0%@8_BUHVB989.6D(PJ;=D2`IO92$1\Z;O`
KB&;(J
M#YC3+1D$3


M`]UQ+)55$H4@]S)

3Y\
#Y^X808FUW(
M

M)2$5@/
\I/G`



/;_(L^S?18HG1.=8;$WE#`]?D6R2)<S4MZ-7A)C7OYY6G%]$#3;U)0/5
MS$E`0JDZ1^S%^M6)8S^)8S_]MT_D0#L_`?FO\((SXT/H7MNG/SZ[Q]O3BO
MCX%+GJ



M1M





EL



M@A?
ZN5+18!1P:)E_H;DDJ!-J:AQ-LE2XH@G^Y7IA;)G3[@(.WE_5@U'4`7*

M)FXH8^$VKY/I_


O#A:=;(DT)1!
U4%6T+



[NZ47HX5
4/?'63]P@2K*XJ#!YI\*1*9DS+F@52]1F


U+Y:D_[9G7KV_%^

M1UC
S#B6%@ZL+`\
M[6.Q=$?KZ\?<3\4VB5V)XG[Y5794QKK`:3V3=3EGRXRSX^


MZU1;XY$YNHVJL6?ZVL*O=BV-O4AZ5
PS#*`_^L71P[4Q/CAY;6%7N];&[K:-
MCQAO@&E/AK^@DWTJ87JLL]P;=\SQX!:N++TJ6K@J;K-C;-\8H@!KBA_I1/;'



:H








BRND6:ST9R


MS[:EKDE[]Q/O

O\9(X4E*X2PSNIWONA$V(6RMM






M2-K^XYGU
W3UMW5M`VV3-O@X;P=;)FVG31=/VT[:;J[OZ9[=VGZ<<$VV`ZVWJ[`-MP

FVCA_-VM&7:=M)T_;1M:?IQ

MT[:3INNG;4O3CSMMX^W3-KQNVE2;%1)CD419

9BTL_RL@/IGQ9
M!KZ6P$\^ENN)#.7+

M*


M$(B\H66;W?'X_.\O*M`^&.+M.L3;I\:G*$SGP0IF(W7\$
$B!&(7*(!_TL3W







.X`TPT)]*MY;C




$S



E





+Y((


``T-%


/MFS)`X`




M0UVUFJS+W=[&K@](WZ?




R\B3


M0R@+R;Z



.KVL


MK!%F419X[



MBG7(?
4S?I5#4M?6[.;Y'#$0_%0N37%0;6/3(UYN?''W7*:J=3V*UZV2$(*)

#8:E:V#Z(%7\(;(


7'XD;41




MN6?JAD20A*[8V)I\2-2@.J75Y.)6;B/`59)W1`OK84-2UDL[)RM(S![63NMQ
MTESM49^BRMJ;'CA:0

NT`A':\)2

M;M.]H1?CITU=7

M=`QD+.LP9AV8(A:+CM#FZS@4'Q]0S@P`:M/7L'0U\L&&LV_73)2^?*]^-(F7


TU




G=VG#H^(O65I%-W

MWPG=EY

MNNX.:

RIT#7M:#)8X1^3?C-N[S.K]ZZYX(?W)$Y
M.9W)J$@9'9T+/E$3'3G?Y]]U_S:%4JT9=QH2I42?J5-JPZU[E0JQGTH!P746



M-2MD
&T%IPU9


K.46ILN7VDR
J0G;/]7+)DJ&<O8N/?D']/$5FC4%%/PRE4!&W.
M08SY9



.'F\R
M.M.;:ON..;4=K(

M2#UTLL41+:'IH]Y@



9YVS:*35?Y!+

M9V5=X%XTU.\`]L*Z=QNPI^Q



0
MK#ZN\)%&\H)0`@8RC=M6%ME#]]QB3:U()IRG)E[0VFC8)(V^N
^1O=EZQ?
MO
X)?7:IZFA](R:F5__5H%72Q#W

MR^ES.
UXF%ZUAX&VAV*6KN8(6K!O\M]E!T^R(_51_G*J&T1-WJ=M[Q-
K^P?

BSR[I6`[#JB*USL`VPDQO#PD
Y8O8AR0V5

MBT.\2E;Y6T$CU=OB8`8FRTYA
NK+4!OR







MPZ!WY7I


MF4!F:B1U+@(R^_4G5L.4?77_Y
/'S1?_AXYLM%ZQ)A6ZRY7'S/+^(*SGU`^I

M6J\8SU-B5A3W3B!W?NNZS5.6RHG4QHS
9:?W['F)ZX1(E72]@DVBOWE4R'




MLZO%]:/WK.C[M

W^OKUYLU7%HY


M/^[4\IPGXB7?/4X+B\J^1P#]

PH;)]4@='TX`#8\6[AA.3Z^EIJQ'RA!EKKP284(`0-:&)X

M

M_FK?ZXD!Y;!3Y`.[AZL4K2;P$-P[N`SES);)$IA'ZB*&*%S/[)JME3[XP_

JN


M0

251`*3(KO/@@JP,G&W=XZ'2WX\[E\*GB1


YMNNO
M`/6O


P1#[_I.



/-:;[;F%MB-$O@AZ
X2MZG

SE4E.GG
F
NV?.RLW<CP5
M,5*QL6C@1D:26@&D3O1[GH#-)].MST;%E+C\6#0L(Z-(@AR<;*P'.`+BA.2

MVRRA2N!8:?^8NIZ?L.PYZSQ30HW`@=-^I[H.PYA
+^*`![Q)X-+I[XX7D\WS
M%'S#
YIEGJIX(!-6
OMT+-#_ZE;;_09PL/908[$;E0/TVK1W\ZU%L]ZWVERJ
MJ`^U%[N1PN'TGW&X26S]2(%E?T9Y_B]/;'E.PTC26@ZIM?-MY6#EH99B-^JH










MAL`*5=B9MJ1\%&\:5#0'NCFL34(QSW%-D-[JVYE?V6[5#:G_NSOY00+NN?C.


MMSJP#U


2PP/L%G9`5:R
HG
M=F_0G5.&.F#S^=\I
\GO;'R
`Z+.K@`*C?O('A+7A0QZ/VP_F;1=;)U[3ABF
M>

]^5+`%%9W'
_K!VV!%YI#I!=5CSG0OL;6




%VU!BC4





U[-%
5K=&*-TKH'/-
MHW)%=B:D.I1IDRZS&+IIS1;SF*?'UEL'YDGV


4K!VV*RM\


M?67;E\1Y($T]\Z68[R
1[&TD

M\8[%\8[%&[MC`1U425=`%WP%Q'

!S5

M6?;$L&6_N9[W0H
?4M/FXU/.V5;`7C(N*=(-\J_!32LX]Y(Y,;]7[#&KO@
MARBSNR\:3B;Q
O:8GM

!U'D+]!\^J!U(J7%=YU8APIB
KUQG2?72Q[H

\C*.
M

'^M'IXI+`^N7-_Q)ZX_OXC)

M9

A$5JA@;
E=9*B;B;2!6/JE_1EL
&!BIX?.
M8-E:V*JJTX3!.L%[Y18G






\E!T`R4?I5Z!

MHYE`BSY8?^DVH8-OLMUE*H2(DMO5AIW*[H9N7N-1[

[Z]!M9N.I:;F]'M
9VJ+B*R:$!&F
MKP%OOUN^*2^4LG45NTBLFI1)B^-;S];OGAOT(I6R?%VB(BJR9$1.T;Q@HB
MY,?#J7&EN*Q;1&151
BXG-#1
@/?Q5*V3J

M?&G(#!'
Z)286P'E(2`56.K5


M
'WE6IM2K.0(ZW;B!U`EL-^UE*SC.@QC
GVD/DMF;I)DNBGZOUINIW`6K7

XCA









)IL+X&<`QWT&EYG7#X;
M12;R7RK[;C)YR/<J-Z+6+5LH3PY)L_ZEJ%RAQC35^NJ8:OWHICJZJ8XI_=`Z
MI8XI_?`ZGXXI_?25:\O)E%TJC*(%=*?0_DC4RHQ2TZG*I?/=5306

V2H+B


M*0%283IC'`A'GF)8)3;N=WD)E5


M()*H4!;;)44!7%7

M1W6_D?+3W%%W

M5:)Q2*(CY
CAF^XQ6@=\[PE7T_7GH.G+AV0+




M;%A7WF*H6
P.K:4&SF#)#O(WXO1+1FZRWJHHI05J[$37:[(%$!S%4.AT#;
MH!MSH+J])H$YEKW#?.VOXBA
](9/QA6U+PM9BFO7ZZ(`IV*MD`_B&=#P86V)
B;I8?C=C1;WQ$O:TZ0\17(4U6=](M.@VRE
MO1=6:R^MMI?6BRQ=54;I=0:[AEM!+6GS[-YD0::QQYHD`#
\6^?^(O=$U*P.






)C=C8`&;6CB@'E'JVQNSYO(C)

MLG-?;)QW*Q2^W4CT6ICK&F5`7T


MIN-5P*HS[U/CL=)GQV

9VR$PG<@V&9KKIIXCIG73SP_'AZR1Q-1WCM;IN8C!='+-<!*X*Z[#

MXC7@;`5_ZJ55H$@=E@W5E5B4GXRX07:U-P%UMDX@:E_@%0BAN:8KY0:\FPN:





MV*3J!)OVE`9/J=OMP=;/EU8QJ0`J9-(OYDTZ^*!ITD)!MHK&:U
A5G#)
M_Z$IJVK

M@N
^UOT5A!6TJND=U@Z`:MHJ%QSWL6ZQ(*R@54UOLCB`3[IM-5]P/
ZR8*P
M@KY_TYLL#F@/0042HX'6+=9(%C0L*;W60D[?8Z*#8K#LM$QH6--;K3T








0


M)+F]_E\R^K6LPZT3!$[D/A.Q+I^JY?OM[:H[9OX]9OX]=`Q_
YE_4Z6_\\[A
M1Z

M
H;#$G8F)8FM9:1T(!.\.6XP3T('\X=YZCFF5F\TM;K=C
+'U.K'U.JV1LW.
MI%8'?-;W=

MR%;B#R1P23C


9-C`HW2(IA1T&R

@96$]W:5.H!
9X41SG

+








MB@X0&7530&B1
7QV7(^[5!]ITD2J$0)*=XP4N1X0
1
M]K]D5&D)+G!K]1<MO/R&:NN(=Z<1Q,B_Z'?U=*X!CSGI1LES7GH\QL8/&TO


M;*Y*6%^-B[):PG8.=U2A1)/

\^4L





Z)3UX<#WC=MZ)U




M.CY0*(?FD`!L^U(B'Y&FW0C]WS#+SI-



GC/SY.0U6



MUSBF%SG.

M[N0';C/];O#XP=7]7D-23'`TOG7JM0H:T'R(GIY^$OIW
G&
ZYPUK5#41%
MQP-+SZ-6L3H






2AU%0-\;
MNIXT7-)8]KX$+(.8


IV?KWYS`=\
%
+8F8CDH:@+%7JYE@'C;'(N_)B@9<AS1/
3$#`@;=ADJ






C\=J/J&Z`JNW?%X')+VSXS[SRY'C.7

$X6CV$-')#\W#6641
MY'.42E=L894L3M70)RIK^7@6:&:J1(YT2CJ
$-23T
&D89Y_TEM4+AL;[EBU

M1&7MK!]JV!TF#OFXC&


M




MC.2P6G%OB4Q8#-M1_3Q2M2M(5-K.ILD(&T77#VP
=%NKPYG#O*5JB5W
KKU$
M]3UH]4UW07%KJ;FD7:EXEPX$#G:]+X;7

9LY$@F@^3:2#R)



MFB'GF






$!%^IQU\1/:?2<5HB,6[[M!G4:*D^7-#0AF?H;=:..?.

:TB3S!VB*<O=GDZBT/7
M)V$XG/P1NV%BRVWNJLW5Y/2&^BC@_W<R*:ZR]]=A2LW4/^Y;E-IWPLPJ2?4
M5%#
F'E7W4X)'I]+GD
_=SR/3
_66R==6K!J[$N_8OQMPXBH
97Z.X?&6K


MVM`ZKX'8ZA!8



=+!S](6<8!
M`F6G23_G_SPY(6&?_']02P
$%`````@`1#`^1UL
K?7XD0``#04(`!4`'`!A
M='1D+3(P
34P
S
Q7VQA8BYX;6Q55`D``RSU8@LPM6=7@+``$$)0X```0Y

S
;$Q
M09$H%:=99!DD)=7\^HL$^(X7@J4J
JO')^*

\`'S`9``$HG_^;]?5Q%Y
MIBP-D_@__G#\[?L_$!K[21#&3__QAU_NW\WNSZZN_D#2S(L#+TIB^A]_B)
_



MV--W)^_?'W_W7Y^N[_TE77GOPA@@^?0/I1:4HM
[_OCQXW?B:2FJ2+X^LJA\





F@9S@-\ED54!#

+C\6PM&#EFDEX3)+9`3?9I9=$0RLK





8VJV

0)R!.N@


M7[THIU?Q.L_2:_I


79*!!A$J1T0J'1&A
M1HZQ



9-H`?^
M/EL\CTEZ0A)U(5MH5(IB)5('7R^50!Z5BW66Q

M=I2/504-V]QP*JRC+*0I.2

I/$J)H@JT-3^P*
MHZ%;'T(EU`S$8.F]H!2B?FV^6(2^(;+#(#


ZVOY+*UV
MUS_!SA*17=B'W75(!H8!FO36VW@<VCQ;4E;\G1[_T<PQ!Z716.9<@8IGO1HX
MF.8*4SUEF:SE`]T&T&UE!1Z




MU2AVN&%O&
-_]A@+TR3^:^A_YOT\!_\K=R38RHNO8M\\CCNIC3:6#ZA$-9X[
MZ$Q.LH%`E;VP0I
4JL2+`U(J\S[61]:[GD%+HFP-.R(WWLK6:^I%QXW[
(-M



M:_7C]_^#*-






M*1ECA`+A&G6`+==!U[7`P#@;[.$:-

M;PS



:1E6ZSRCK
+8


MIF'HPFIE62@?HK%_%Y$20O/47E&UY3W4LLDJY6:Y8\BW0U]GFA56-
;CA`


M

V.L)-WVI=IF7VD3MYE

1H99.;OW8MI67^D
MK9@/3E
Z16I

9W&NPKXX\1:9L_Y6GV





M/YH#T
%H]0+
LE
QP^P/F`11
J//




M;;&Q3:\#V35]4P:5Z37`3*8_^3*Z2_I(X/WB1[I!ZN_:!0=C0(]8L:&.1P
M4




M.&SK@


E+V#?3%


JDS?J<4U^\
MOB_&8ZMB1N/F&RI9D72+

AEV9/H.L0;0Q]KJ%*+GUN1Q4'

T2
O-]1H

+#6



@8:YHG#=0_2,;:IT0(&7N7
M;,#AIK&9D8K(:(PS@*L8U7F.PZO4@^I2@4L1*;;_O$4LI.G#2W++I2A_8W?
M)?YGL[U[%$;

&@VCPRK1-

M`A+(.

MZNS7:YJ=_IR*^=U\`;


[%#+39IZA2DY.F%YH2PE+([+G#*$Z\G#
N









5)TS&Y$CIO=_%?7T]


ML_B(L+/XZ-Q9?!QI





M6=JR\MZSD9:8+.E&%9'1K6Q*&-IYCLO*]I2?+2OO/9-'B:E_]?1XLN73+CC%


MIHVE/@7D`Z5]\\G&K
N0I1DB?MFV


4L\_E^

3LRR
M]-RO

M8U:5R7DY#*?SR#K94L8V*QEXNK?AB[%(:#0$Y1#W[);1YS#)4W+MQ4&4L&#?

M$:%%N!JR(?`ZS


;+Y(T/4MBN%Z=QGY(
MT]/-C9?EC

4+(`U1(M7W.U[]

M\0*?=Y#Q$R1!


_7'%!Z%5O6[&W2HU&K'W+%
M)K,H#@+UXNMR1BH0H4&DER8MW<_U1/.$DTWYW25V#EBEAW/;^V!6_NO!D$<
M[.A!I_BS
U+*$Z$P!C



65P/0UGJ]W1



M/H=1F
8(H;+E1RQ(0GHX6T/4QN(
LH*__AVZ
E5/D
MQB6&`6:;&1TA1-30(S-PHQ`F0IIP\2G84?9C#[Q83;7:C\?B@@Y428'F
Q26
MUP`R#A8@



?2_Z&_68N3
P
MBX[%@#ZP)1E



/-J
M5T=J7.YH(;8ITQ)!Q!0=+L



MU^
4011

4:#J^5*)(61+%UL?5\1:



M'

%L^S



M1X#HRF.?TR







ED=1K8#



NU%'*SGJ4I
9:FN-215#0QTS-J4/:GI4



M]NA
1:WH$NK`IH^R@6ETDW-;WXB#Q=WGQ#NM30F&M=)_/1`V:KI)_9/A?5:
M$RTXV*I@6''0J6Y-7`8W-&6'G;#O-(9O(+K9&AJZM)4L3&Y90+9)%-7!DU?





DBCR6U@N&


M7R9)


M8Z+63RQ)4PYR88Q(;DF
SAZN8G<O%?MQ<W

M9-#PQP!

MD%L56FZ1704-T=QPZGNL)ZDKK_)N

`O$R?*T'MX-7Z9/



NV;M
M`+^]D&U10


+CKEG:`+?7
M*W62:







H]P);[Q2OW*!(6\
Z=

M.;VXG-]=0*S;7Z_N^1R




1UF\M3B3;YZI&R^4')RV'JZ@66,2<VMJM<D[*`

[ZNB


VX5PH@D8Q\`

M


%`B0HO\O=1#DK*=]_Z`

EUP9M_1S1T5/G*(V@X_2
=-V$'):!K%


MTR(#




M\B%P6\2V-4:_+H3$4(HXX+/FY9`@IR0M2L(Q@%6GD'A5SY/\

M[AK954;.$]X+OI
SW@_.14'@%37H0*YB;FCA(.&WN[2YF(1ZB].+7)Z!J8
MH^)H_=N@BE0=FY

^BIF/PMDTD;3GP^&K*P3+?F_^)2\O:Q<9-F#6R9[S&,,TQJU4N9X-W



M*PDQCP?`-[J6:ZDK(QBD=G/V@X/T;XL
W$NXX2'%D.X^=A1=(L6WUT5WBD7$

GE+)R
M)V7^PNN@#:IQTQLMIF9(-:J0&A<E+$P;EA-E5JH0HR[4`:Z@3I9E=MFB2@`

MXQZPR*95+?V^:W

G=&IX'7E[&@52Y83[RXWH=Y=Q30I;XE`9EY&AY$`0JTU?QJ8Q\F&Q


MHB29!J=8VO^/V&:PLE_T8LA(57A$LP7E;MJ.XMH%I_3S.!UGEH75FLOID!

MH%MN@@\PBP/X#VS\/GL1M'Z9-[X;2F?XC
.*&)/^VU2N2?8A^KBHO05RPYVZ



YO?CIZN8&UO;FE^3VXNYJ?OYE&A9A

5J56









MLWQH=-4;2/T*='

M?!E-TEPQ6^L4S?'&R[B:B([



DCFDVV@-\Z:

Y
MZ$S.GX%`M8%Y2I^$Z@3^.67ALP=91LN6Z][9-49UTMR@-]VEBP*D_-M$K5
M=2IU*N][@VZN68.$:71U37+?8-BO-@WI[)70\TZO@Y!Z5J`.[$
S][NC$:0J

31$*T?HWJU*6@0KK*?_8:]L:RO
MY[.K3
PS:_]FD\?









!!QCO*9VDYO:-^


G'+RL`KQ=5QE-
MXI.$VCNM





8
OLU
G+Z.$.TY19$[]@.0KG&K[L7@2PXU.H<VN




5FX(S1(NPBT(T:


M'M:U8OJ.M4\;#4$'0^[Q'



PT=AU523U&W
A#2=A!P&Y57


M/
/;R:IX%8'F#L3\G7D$=Z'K2F*^%?^)6@`88(T3D4W(NYMF*_E'4Y^%CZ'
MV69@^]N^X*F\G+=])




MR7



JSSS?\O#5&SHR:M&15(^FF;IE9COSQG\%QK\

TV\9N2D;35'9:G6[+D:)RJT^L2
E5)Q+&


M4N:'*;UEH4^KAU5ECX=\P_ZR)F\!KM7MY7U?0;C9[HB^R_%CM!G:Q!GWS-

ZDU^





M)WB:NZN$#'DH7?D%C9ER=75U40N1P5^%OPS3V425:L-&G)CN14?I0UB^@2#
MOLVML*)4KI^`^0Y$


ME$ULRKVI4



N


M^*Q5`PWOG&`JRQ

)1X
M+5S-\N)Q0]]2_KEXLWG2;I


!(D40;P=V'ZN?;WC

MPI


99=6A&^V5[Y+A=ISOB


M+!HA*3C(UDH(Q-N$+R_8XG]'5&RAQ*TH0^
7


P0FMLBU`


6?T@H\+(GDT/

JA
T$59P6LZ*:T\&E(Y
<@G#%PU-5/(66O,K!F.56@FR^A1F9Q%PW:
M:/0(FC+ZK]#]:B=LVN4.HX1Z'7J/823O`+7V77U*X^\L]E5`W54T:4S.ND$P





+1$G[

M;EL8;BHW*_PV
D-)!TSG!GP-H?]TH(2^Y%]U5Y](EH6:SLWJOHG-4-#ADKF!


1N<+R+09&_*DM@7&RX.J`U;G.6T^G;SK
M




M.Y-X1
'HRW1[<#]Y

P35R=?
^YZ%;RH@S`#7Y41WIRSCA#-+.&E?(C\Z=8;NH9C^RB8R\<
MVL8EFQP.GMC!F98#V2&



TZB=B4P5^BT
+!PU85W


M-MTF#6Y!MV'WIEKTF=TOP\!V=/?TSJZ)K`ZJ7*5I#G




VN15



MW)6?O+D/`&F
#DZAHV\2;H






T






M+FJ\BN6.D37R9A]O.J2&9_E4NVQZFM=\





6U]VUJ?^A[*GW?1+.^/46S'PSCH!K^EA]YITU_((;#



MVQOJ-F^??&B=K

3:8S*5

M_QB`5+U[K52%#+QKW2T





MPXQ)$H]+XHBS:Z]5$0Y[JFK*%YQZ85,+#6$9^Z*MBD1^L`^B%7U#+XFC6
MO?BZCA;YH)KR&5;'%Y'58


M-0W%7-2QD6\`9@LMU[(4N+H=BB%)X_*.8D=[)V/J0'+*/(WSA5*M(=_$4LCD
V(34Z)?FQ&%M!*F@1<


;
,-@5RZ82<AW-,L9!&9Y_N=?XHR6XY3

WHT




*E8Y'!%#)%)
MHT;KX

YS
M:QVR$DHDJ+60]O(_



MZE*M^A!Z\
\\S6!+9;YH!$Q#'+1NXKF[LD=;'MCUYZ@6#G95\.3M81^U46XQ
MKO)H$*]2AC;AU^KB$
N5N6(!\)R*XZ%<\5I==]AIR:@:A/NG&-0<
M^HL]G

!;824?&]


SL13VQN4@4X'89K?VB@^=
[@\,_L41[#@ON/(!8SL&AFY4


VE








MH0R`5O7#BR(O4(RDH0@S=
M.

?.EQS



J3DVU;Q$KP4*4D4A

GI
.B3HDA2E$F*0DE1*A'%
MD@?[HM_AK&6@



X-J#9=9$/OB!2:1*HBRD%R'6;A
MDTB

8E7G]T%ND

Z2
MU2I

8


M=DV?O*C&:4R
9-


5SHP]



-M&6Y9O7JW<&`!.-BX
M)6IE7;TNAA3EP(`E$2JH@B4161A1)2&PW?J+.<V9I]/C(H_((#
-&%SUIYP




&[R
LKL@=0*+N5:/PHS2F$8Q!



SB*

CV-U)GT2YL_
;IOV_-1^S_FF%&MWF
8A5FH


M5[])
CC+[=/P&3Q:



M\U)B_/G/W(O14B#62JG\;KZ]:J,ET7`#7R=.L`NCX,^;B5`[6E%DE!C?Q6
MZA$O)51H[HE!OWJ0



/?)994Q;:Z



MKZZN##9I/\9E$VVMUAC#0427N(DEH!E/WEXN-M;7;LUDMA=GE/V7/H:S*E




4P-2R
F05RF[T%I66+.&G?&@-DP6./A)7&S1B6(VAI=





VW&M++?F



7_\O6&'8:`^+H)L!UXY),;+*.0=B=9

6LGZ9K[U.+0X&^Y5T5`I]3/


MFK'0%S='5A&?!KM99'%9K!^HNA==:A3+:2+&)DQ)FC_*C-%P:*()*%N!1K




K?DH=EF(KF$Q
89H(`SC;6&7P7

*H(+CL8\:E9LB
8
M59A

U/)


MY&LQ]A9

5DN;
B=50O27WS+;G/_67W
M`#/'3FLO.TH\`
D=ASC!BO^97QXDWA@#\FC4O_!6IG(T+E[Z,?RX_E)9




5O/-DQ9NRO0JES'C72QC@:4PO







MH`=X2`:P=_\=&:P&.+P!8)8_Y6GV_D=+:C]5!-?G-^([E*]_TO_U3Y!_?0T^

MS
8XO.EB5],=TQ]DTX(IQDT/';X!



O]7D;M3F[$3

MY`]%0K*T/$(_X=G/RB]Z?_RAD]:X?Q9D4\)%L@&(?T_X[9P7WBL38)OR&&K%

FUEAB$IVT#H8WO7&+OQ-G$'&&D^;`
M/,[678X-EFBS]W4#H8V_1'JOW-GV`@5/F]!G5KK8)BC0/Z=.`[1#9[_-1+

&K^/(S2'?Y1

$Y#_Z^0





GGT`_4/DU9V

4C.A-9U#EY
M#F'(^VLR\KBWGO%V%N7A

/6F:K



M+B




E3B%OAZD\)
M@S*G80O'[


6!#E$`V)E55I]FBZQ1*W
W=O%:


M0

=&M`-7[N?-TZ['/'.HEU?#%*(F+!WTP+3U]


O

ML]BK7P67X9SQ#K$@A-?\5I9:AE

Z:H72LK8!RXM$!'/5QF'09ZB&VE



M=U8+:W94B]=B_E

MTYUU==/#9;1AH)6&U-(NCK)#D(?(.5IUF+Y,M'Q'3[^9WE`SQE_4(S1IJF(
M4127Q7IQ(HZ$/DNXE5)9N
IKH^N@V8[;/'(W7J.!EH$1$:^B\C/+KY2:%

V]JZNJKBL
M.1AW3XM^S-

#

M.-.!N





MZA81M-;;P,!#+/2O%W:ESSZ-7`90A7N$K0!WFQ7G



`+]8LWEI=I[3\@)@D^%T
M4LA


$72;N?D^@9



MJ18]XU\S.TO2S)Q
HBV`RW(&=+_WWR
X`HS^)0_D?0+E%


XGG\0W-Q#4BZJZ`LRHN
MZP[&;;_F**J*$(U6E@&7WD#N9''#R42#LMS_F
7!-:2[%YMLFC%9(X7+7#:(


&4A$:


MBD
W<7*)A.F73'1N.Q@0=A[

M@\LR3.DEU:P+MY[B






MC@[YK2P/8IFI*+$D@

[NPJ=E

K%SIO;]`_5QD60[\

A#[PW#.




+(6HZ5C`=8W1$#TBTW[X!ANN
MD_CI@;)5DQ4Z*_2H(#*)*U++$@$1J30F+_T]#
/LIH!1$9QX[/VF0F-X+8
MQ%LF4499G?2+/6/[]%\?@NX[K=OBGY%I#991D+'_-


MD
@2)S+].9RC\D

)=4*G]59VT4/D8$'P566?AK*1Z12%Z-ALX!)
MCCGQ7EWD1:B)-U]T5ZB4U3LG+02=ZA9@N\9STI[
HRQ=X$O^NTQ\D?-AH/![
M'X#J5^AS-?;




FCJ^A;


5L6!9`JA*J
M-751QC0!$

M8G4Q7JT\K=D

M(I

.2TM3&FB^J
UY*RI8^680&


M=`.G.MU1'$V#R'0=/9K/$9E8TLY@`*1VAF7$G'W4P9EG_+)376KR0K!A



MWT4:+X



M=K*+JH;92!:T3A:K]$E5`!;[&?:9=7*8+63;4]::!.(BDP4BRUR(J]O#9UI%


R_(L89N6L
Z0.R@6D=UW69LN3:JR21VJ


M]C=:ORX1M^G?8/##

3S7_Y_4$L#!!0````(`$0P/D=F+/H=




MARC^X?_\[__^WT;L?__Q/]Z]&YU3XJ5D.GI:CQY.1U=!R&B3_S6ZN3E_-UJD


BXCNY-.G3^_SOVZ:
MMEJ^/M%P\XT/[S?L;'MF?PT4[2N<),%?DYR]F]CWTERCVL^,IWX?[W;-'O'
M?_7NY/3=AY



!0T?3)


M`DA[19/
^;?NR8K-&NQ+6B@E[7OE*7M*R!\9^\SE



XT
(A
MM(?S[YLJOEMOEOT*T+E%2WD8/O7SBI[T
T


`Y:RINV62T:A=CZH]BRO8G
M#+%-GQ[U:];0CG

W!H+P
MR80=+*[V^=\)6'XGU'\$CT0+XDC,KU.DHQ0,2@:$B`R?\:$#$@+[N#Y+0XS
MID&ZO@I0A
5+*VF0#C^@@\.B=0.3P/%^-WZ0'@J7Z9$0T8!!.43/E#4.G'
M36XCYVPRG
M.\DJHF@.!0?5X5LKOGM


M$:\&PR

=Z45

M=H&S_S8/H@Y







9INR44V4/X

0R%$AG.G7!@#N$$`0.C%'WH:V.7^[

M:#G#FM0&86



N`1@E(D0(M


MYFI)AZ16;!QCB=E'3-F`+S.!2V;ET


M
SB7(BA

M`*GSRM9@B


MOMKQPEV


M5'%+4LA1O]'

PS+PE\.7B2YL[+K8-!5
J+8QPU
%TRD$N
`1%)@


_#TW=










Y43.R]?;M0N]OI`
^PJC

AS\PQ




M6V0L8&S?$N?





M7FVKL=3;@@7-Y/
YSN\?V')'N4Q?O
B;%]S?A5XDF7S^TIQ\\EY&93?Y[+/K

*^8]/&&9PQS5:*9QZ

`I]Q7Z;U\4=HF'+\:A)?;2;XU)P)*GV
=IV
MKTXK$[4$@E0_59!XW*X



?FR.FT4.YEJR.:XE@+;G-'6E=EA
0Y2#&!U@:




+830Y@2B(



&6VN800N]Y6:G!J;BCA^L`SFK*GA/R1L4XO^4LDXG7PM!7`L2
;



MU((#R?)EY'OBQW


II^SO+\@TRPDW&E?7L:=9Y0;]Z
N8WUSY@7W
+3P&E/=



]R)B





+GU*
W]AN(1VTJ$J/::+]1%OZ-X-MKT//JWLN_1MG.7



&
A$)A:@$H'H

M^-\(Y8Z@K\SBV

MG'WD/W#D/E:&%_O5[S=D[H67$3ODKB43'&O5:H1CB*CG-1'?E5KH!]-P\7WI
M_
2:U%LXUJU(;2W%UCFV
ZF


M--O5_#STDJ0




VM1%@<4]4FYG#L_Y$%25ZII4B1RU_[(TF:7=)1J83RO_E
M$\%MQJ4HLR++O\H![*M_UR&PTHBQ!MS]ZA.'C0C7YBW;W+[SQ*MS+PS)]&R]
MV1R5#4V/1R8=NW9$@
VB)Q4BMH?+5T+](%W-/#)]H];4X

M0]6%`_'*(@9:J]VOTF!T!*+9NCO-*Z$%D1=^\5Z#;)DMU6K-+R+5-$`M6WO/


MX'&A%QP'0&-*O


_7``[O


_C1+AZ\;;BIH/:ZJFD




MC`?I\4D!URG_B)\4N*/LU$33-0]X3

#

$,Z89#K1$.;;<L1*3H#<LH-G5?@BA89DN=KAO-7*\:`OMH
M:%HH%XYI1.&-/%M_\?X9TSP16#W1&'68W`IB(CN?I\Q<4*GCN&(64*C3O

WF08L19!4


MC^



5CIV


M'!_%#;6!IN#T5?#*#C*Y\T!97OI3





D:::SB5T'D
_5!9-Q<$#_GX`/G
MYF-7P

R&9.
M/VKGP4X]N8YJ



0T(,D]67GK/^/U^`+V'YHY877T2T;NX\O)'PF7^(H72CV&GMVBV%7T@GN


MF2I9O5MWKF/N[







DRLF7L4SK0[-


M\0+'6(YC+





MOINS+@7*-JH#^P:';E$VV*4P5)=3%M%

M&8G(+.!I)7T



M#O#RYL
[N^M$MY734O^L[L0N;SZ\P[I.]`-IG#\5;:3S*H'K\+O]M=X6_R#!




MARO+K^LPPE\13
?5=6+U9(,JCPW5PI!&D;K2N9X,B#N;=UAJII+

.7DH0(YVD]W

ME64$&*]RE
G*

38]0*BREQO\Z19]27/7-W%:.U.C






9)C&**^

MD%)34!&1ZXNQ3N8K0U*N%1R'!!&C\B!9A72F(;+6[M=LP==ST*P]^.3AM0KI
M3(-KK5W8V8(/9;CM;O7?LLS]/
UM]1JR%=7UX#P

?KK^R
2=1@M%JY

MSX:)FR

4F0SWAMZ

Z*'(%

DBT./Z[E$T
JTBPFT[?4V%W(1K!YCC4=?









]'GHT7[Z
M$U?K8;N7N0QT*=$/-OZ!SKK890?;H['\G%LZA/Z&K4:@C5I[N3D5P\B_H$
$'%3J$Z='HZD(MK6JM87
M(FP)U:G30Y)
0#1)^BAE!]NCLHR<6S


=M48EHS5]-_<5/'R`3@K@I

,6WH!0^:.Q9+KH.GD.Q$N:.!3S1P
M`KMP75C8%$\CS5A:RNIV=1VEADMY;^55@CF='HRUV606#`1)$@*TLW<Y8
M:G7I/H#JTOUU6YAN='(L37?84DZRVD*3O&IB
LG2)/4B7J;V/@[#JYCR/RI4

\U37/U_RO4VS+*%6#/'.E052S2K?KPJGC%(







M_%6P4XTQ'IH9=R4]#VIM`@MW`[NM`AI=M9A[MDAS4V5BO7EIBX-]WEVY5!?V

/39?^5P5I1-ZS\^<ZG?E%20#QT@D4B7/
M%AM

MHY[







7


MP$I`HP&V-2HDE_+=`!;(;VDRK7QZ\A*1Z=EZ


M7GD!S;W1NWP
@
MO3E/-._EP4.`PG!`OK7)


S1Y]J47K2NG[^(X+LN.K?
-Z\1=


MBSN`E[&W%0HD3V3_;/I$]K;#XV/9?8MT+'IP+'HPG%P4W$4/'A8QS3V=W/WR






'@:JM

$-#03V(XI%&$EE%I5(4=C)C!QQ*V`)]7=0(V_+$ANMF

:?.;0RIN:5_W


1T@PAS
MON!7KM?19<0TDA]H]S\CR/H<WCE_?PUBM@2V]6#35,9FJO)F+XZ,-_'B/ES'
MLO2%M$I#B

MAGL8J_-)YC79MO+T7O3U\..'6(
WE1(@?T(`MM`:0OE:R7M

L=C;QH.JIUA2)8
M2R6JP4QJV`V*VB)W-&8&FJYYR&G*N.:A@BLN`KC0B*X''#GSG26%B'1R8RD

Y#)4^82JXR_C3PER`*EMFR





K1;7T
/OE@=!QE9
M=X3R%YJ\.9G




D\E\]2H






M.G`=0P1;?\Q5@G?\C)=QIGJ4047CW*.ZU_I2XX#H4UEU*N8WIY%^ZX556E






Y#AUKU8=WP?`




M2IH[OQ/1V9D:%8R7B-OA?QYZ23*9/:2Q_PT8_M
F03)TC):8MA0X2G]6^=+-
M9J*VR+0V5?S-E$@8H9K

Y*S=?4OZI7%
MI`]DTYMJJ3$1JW*]C01,W=HC:HL#''.35`':C&:S&:!3ZANZ6DT<[W0R*VJ
M&5HA$@_'-


W9@?0TFL:R[HH8?[R5_8Q$9!;X`:^IRG_)ZT!?D?RYI@YFHNS-



MLS5&^L`!X2.-
S9!Y--]'C:=^6G..O]%3

LSS
M]B_7V3D
:YRS4V9QG/J+26;(Y
.!O)B
MC[E.+(%33QOYOYD7!K.`3


M5L]EXM9(!@QD(A
+@*


<TYNZC@XW4*]<B/Y7


MY[%R@E!2
M.




MOY.%YY^U1;/E1YI.V?P:1%[XQ7L-LF6V5*LU=\JH:5P[]F%#`B0XCE5%F5&Z

M?AO@120!@J#&$\
KS4








M
-N7J^Y4KDBB(OKP%_DCVL,=`[:(;-'.+[A@V



M\\G@O[Y









M(:H^FP&CWC!25D`_/(Z3E:%]&D=
@5-O(7F_OV'HYT?!U&#ZKO&1FI(KEW*
M*0+#8738*;;






..(T?^,Z/Q)F,EP*)#Q9T]_B+2)*@Y&#J(&;\\*L/8@M]2Q!G<@W-B`3P




MS



M)6O.&7K$?FK3_3N%U


MK\K[D9IFJ8]UCT/


D^0!H?[MC21/6O2?$O)_Y0


`F

\*?Y:PY(Q39_5C$NN8#VX(0Y=1C;%G&++.J^?9,QWEOA.
MB]??3A;@@A6V9[0<^XK/#12^Q%8;'P99CYDL(&(8H'51@FPL*0+?'5#HGVU

MK=V]:JCTRBO


M\E2CG/S5

M


M/WED









M1X_G4/RH8I-Z!OO0S!';T*/MOS$)/\ZUG@\J'A[&@[[\!1MDK_4E'LD[^W


B=A:5
M*/;)_TL<X`NE_J*Q?)+HUA%L5/^][7ZKU+LE+];WX$DDJ4(ZDT@D6Q&H!P$

.[


947947WE82):A\.C?YKEQ(][YO*.?9
M#)G?%$ICA&\2G2+?:\K]IG.R*,YS*S?2@U1ZUS3!UY]6M=[4TAY[FI'UL=





@_#5'\
MGKD





6YQ'B)LQ?;J!=X


R@E5=W-M4\5NJQ?9)/ELCWQ_XB*RK$X!

%2TW+I


M9;_!RD#N8NZ+3!82H8-ZK:JH0)R(!XH#_F5QN']T!
KXZ_?G;]F&.XA;DV
MPOP-PBS3F
0-5M/&];T@'&//=A9
]6&V0+^Y]3I+5'&$&WI2Y_2*7

#Y'R=U9L^N$`0!X+AL`

4`````!$,#Y'4TR7;$,5``#R*@$`%0`8
M```````!````I($VA0$`871T9TR
#$U
#
S

@LPM6
M=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%`````@`1#`^1_U02@YT0```B7P$`!4`
M&````````0```*2!R)H!`&%T=&0M
C`Q-3`S
S%?9&5F+GAM;%54!0`#(+
+

34P
S

#Y'9BSZ'3!7``!8#P8`

C`Q-3`S

@LPM6
E=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L%!@`````&``8`&@(``!/=`@``````
`
end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014




082
247


625





106)


134)





013
141


491












336


625












805














635














836














839














964














832














000









Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.



























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Mar. 31
 2013
Sep. 30
 2009
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014















Preferred stock
 shares authorized





000
000


000
000


000
000



Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)












































000
000.













000
051


000
051


000
051
















Common stock
 shares
 issued





161
193
362


161
193
362


714
134



Common stock
 shares outstanding





161
193
362


161
193
362


714
134









244















879































Preferred stock
 shares authorized





000
000


000
000





Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)






























































































000
000













000
000













620
000





























































































545
000


545
000
























  2019

























































































































































































Expiration date of warrants
 in YYYY-MM-DD format.



















































































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.












































































































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.


















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Apr. 14
 2008
Aug. 31
 2008
Apr. 30
 2008
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014
Aug. 05
 2008



















000






000


000


000





  2008


  2008











Extinguishment of debt
 gain (loss)
 net of ax





622













Short-Term financing which is expected to be paid back relatively quickly
 such as by a subsequent longer-term loan. Also called swing loan or bridge financing.
























































Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























The difference between the reacquisition price and the net carrying amount of the extinguished debt recognized currently as a component of income in the period of extinguishment
 net of tax.




































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx



MJ/%QV-@RKVN3`B#;4VV?F3[


PA4BF


MR*I19-4HLFH4636*K!I%5HTB:X
B:X
B:X
B:X
B:X

M`P04`````D

M#C2B]AQ2U\=43'X





M7OTXG_J\GO_?5%TIX[JN\[9+YS;?#6/JYZO[83JW93Z=#O78;M_;0ZJE:6(]






MO.=

M





M#W:3Y7`?NS_F5V&O6R)P=(@

M(#.)O06;D9/SA6\@)0.M7]EY-\)`:H60


ML:+J4F2LHM4
1*U@







#B\GKFQM?7=
_8C.7E7]!5!+`P04
M`````D

M
!FGK_#`J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#W(*+$MX%
O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&EL

5

M*;50&@B:R('U1X(AQ=RO_?67N\FD
WJ=?3K.:Y1_::L!I^V[F\^3_'/HY)^G
MD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z'&=?
_V]I&E)3+/[_D*ZTX\9Q]6EK!=

M;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU+



M3M*T$?Q9K#63/F#([
V1=
MPTG!Z(++9OVX?H;5
VPLCO='U!=*Y`\FIS_I





M%@L22&.4%Z9*HO


`U[F$RQ#I'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZ
MKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X`Q\U*M:I60K$3]+!WP?D@9CC%OT-%^/%&*M
MIK&MQMHQ#'F`6/

H68XWX=%FAHSU8NL.8T*;T'50.4_V]0-:/8--!R1!5XQ
&PO<W1Y;&5S+GAM;,U76VO;,!3^*T(=HX41VRE-VM4VC$)@8RN#
M]F%O18[E1*+)\M=TE\_71S;

;1V&AUA0_+#%68
4H
M+R*X5K_Z'G%?(D9*D8BQUQ[,B$94OI7+KPBEQBEA1G$J#?V_8G'$.$P#GG)
M9DP58Y*KB)X4YN`&W\G4AS!I_/W/TNA;M\!UYY].#OSGRYNN_9SZ[B`P&%\
M3B
83*Z@=SSHR#??7FCG[A!
3B0XA-Z!GIZL_;#T#OSUJ?`'T3O@-SW@7TJ.

M2F')9_H'5/W'=:Z3XX)C)]+&]40O)%H'XZO6`-MHWD3(%


MK5&CM^_GIY7DUO3?6ENZIF]($^7=#GM7S)[.F%'YILK,Y7)8*5-ABMMP`MZ
M/5QI-X.5-CWB4OU?TH+A2AL/5]KE'TKSJNJD50)M%4U%20EH8KPC09D2M9[
MHYMNU29-\:

M(MCTO^&4E
R^@[SFV1S_!E!+`P04`````D

MO=P1MI)HL*VL)`/EUZ_D0/N:'$RY2OSU^%AZSO&1/YOC.Z5OKI6Z8?=569MC
M/0JVUNZ.!P.3;T7%S=]J)VIW;*UTQ:W;U)N!6J]E+J8J;RI1VT$T'&8#+4IN
MI:K-5NY


M0




ME';X?_]C=3LX3U/





MW!P[!!8T=#

WLS*XH0U:FLE)^]J!A1Z&E$
:!4+HWC=AG`*U8X)M7O3+$X1A7;'A-W]J`Q1:'=
V=V+^H@H

B[<#I#?*7OG)2'^VSJEJ_]4HC+<Q#P0TD:S)_HA;3RGQ-E#1:R









M5P'9+A.8!1&!0]:A&V44V2X3F`4'AP#]W$(^M

@\


I^




M&3.9
=P

*PN
F
MXV8\

F-9QM1)?0&1

W
M$94W68



`/./T4!0YPKAFK

M$8@*:^CRCJ1*.11E(*WDI-64M)(#5((R2

M=_QZX.
344J48%

X*
NOE`=T=$&D$
M9V6$LY3]DN/SKH,G/?(CJ9*680LY(`U%/HR`DZK03!R^/\]/!@`BX)-N4DH

GX1T:ZY0%9BLF[=8K.I7P1P$#




$%`````@`I#$^1_)SZ_1:`@``T0@``!@```!X



M@Z&2:
T]WB'
MU6K#M90S%41&5@W]1^F@,C,N1]^*9)4';RK.5;(=).%($GY4[%P%NDL.?]#


HG=-F<`@J=Z2!,
M(,P02IQ2^D[@BF
((H6@-UK*@Q=L
P&_\#[(%V`BP8'3X=/I,?F)VKEGM[
M*N0YID^;$Z6R+#@208LY?W=&IR$JJ9RC8;3MRA(VAWNT86TSQ%U!+`P04
M`````D
3Y'2




M^N2._I?GNJF*SE\V+XOVU+AB-P15Y0*%T(NJ.!SGJ^5P[VNS6M:O77DXNJ_-


4_O#F-JXL^TR^\M_7I*%F


LA1Y0FM4:
;Q=V0
NN+1$W*W*&P5N3$#D^5)5C1HQ7-K63$

/IK)
M^5.G/XZW8[SEC3&D




!4&1'Q%E;
P^MUC%

GFX`FB1@Q8$!?]5E$]KB7O&V4BNI#X*B$6.




O

!#]*Q[NB;WZM#+`3($P[:$SF1S:LP

O

M)A
HMJ3TA#!NK<$6M?'B`-<Z8,]L?,=;\VL5$N!BA^O28G9:R%R+S)X!AI$0

M:
()K7!

D!!#`9$=9%MX/_*S'0]PYP


A#IB]!VSD
M`V8\)-PLBVL7%)@@/,QD]0W0W!U0_.(!'87NU+$;&`E0B
F;E+_8OC^S':

MV%U-Y_\`4$L#!!0````(`*0Q/D?G2&DST@0``



M3&P2N\88+Y!X]M\O8(QP=R=1S24&\JIY6Q^/&JTN9?6CWN=Y
_M9'$_UXWS?



M;+Z7ES_R(0?;!=R6Q[K_.]N^UDU9W)K
9T7V\_I[./6_E^M_HELSN0$
#6!L
MH-V'#7!H@+Z!Z3.].NOS^BUKLO6J*B^S^IQUHZT?6GG5!6DC=Q=]1_5!V\SJ


M))\'
&


73Y)



ML(+F2]5@0`B/0Q!P:.B.`1R'ZT`$ZUI8IR'BU86DI;'(7&:4/Y`9R'S6
M;?%L)#Y!Z((!26=!&F(!6
*DIH7VZ$:$%^/%V!TU6;B/KA(K94@;-U86Q`





MVT[C


MG#-G?
EZ-&^V`7#D74EM=[1QKMTR9HL&%+=7V(+V?RHTBCN?FIK9U@`O(TE)
MEB;)ABDN-


_;W
(ZP#H(%2AN_
MI.BL0S51*%'\?5B%CFL__+E)1MIE0CH2TC











$%`````@`I#$^1WV6&):?`0``
ML0

]N











M`?ZL-D?MP$1
M`3\$3/8B)L'[?$U)-^:`\V!9!0NZ#`_7*&1Y`R/G&;XOF1\M`O(Q7]2]Q
M6N_^QT\HOPI&M=[LQDE#;1\E.X%IZ^PC'`;!&N4-GY)/5J':J50HOC[O`H=





MEIS0^9.-^]\B.O!6LIM;2GK_?E(BH74AW/G8S%=J3AP.ZP-)K[3Z#5!+`P04
M`````D





(=


LM`?ZL-D?=Q&1

MM


M+GAM;(53RV[;
!#\%8(?$

#:/^G1:.X\ZGI
MF!T

8_VVRA72?DR%/A+M(8'.C:/
K=[PJ
Z*DIV#T((YSIC\$I
0S*M?;9&O


0SDW/.G/&E&-&\VP[`D4\EM=W3



MW

M.I]IEPGY3


M`D




[0#@R(N2VA[H
MX-RX9\PV`RAN;W`$[?]T:!1W/C4]LZ,!WD:2DBS/L@],<:%I7<7:HZDKG)P4
M&AX-L9-2W/P^@L3Y0'=T*SR)?GAP.J*)5XK%&@K4!











M;(53RV[;
!#\%8(?$

#:/^G1:.X\ZGIF!T













2YHZ@W:GWU5*ZN




M;(U3RV[;
!#\%8(?$

.%/C58+'U+;
-=9

M;.%54H-Q$@VQ4._H_6J[WT1$`KQ(&-Q93*+W`^);3'Y4.YI%Z@]%%!A.4(

']03AX0/4J*]\&LQDE%=2B5_X9A^\PC7`=



M)'H_(3['Y'M]H%FT``HJ'Q5$6

V=1(-1%ZKGDF=Y



BYX;6R-

MXIC9F;7B&6U]YN)='AA3R6??#7*5'I0Z/F:9W!Q83^4#/[)!_[/CHJ=*OXI]



M%\QZQ

L
M[XO
G



3J
M97@/4%!X#[*;H:1G8F]G+YEL^&E0XTSB=MU\]V3'N\S#F_I(]^P7%?MVD
D;
M5WHTL@/

M
C






M+W-H965T


M?UIM)'

O)U`Z.F(

1$!'PE\-D-S$*WL]:OX3D=W/$
M6;```FH7%)A?+O``0@0AW_C?HOG1

MV5



MF;S#JW)@'?QDIN/*HHMV_F3C_K=:._!6LKL]1KU_/RD1T+H0'GQLYBLU)TX/

_YSU?RP]

MQ9PF#%E@-A&!G?JJ!9DM3N03G=RG;V.%VT#?+MWWZ7V!7138!8'=?RWF-RVN
M81[OFV31)%L1V-^8K&&^W#?)HTG^62!/;TS6
$GU2V3!IV5=3,:)JE1RH(K)7UP#7?N)8@;#HWUX:.+
M]70YIHU5_7S5XWM3_@-02P,$%`````@`I#$^1W$WG4BO`0``%@0``!D```!X
M;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T


M[:%2U4-[=F``J_YA;1.Z;[^V`9?-(N42V\/W-QH[^:#TIVD!+/H27)ICTEK;






C^

M971S+W-H965T

P$/T5RQ]0$R=-LA%!:KI:M0\K57WH/CLP
M@%5?6-N$[M_7-N#2;J2^X)GAG#-G?





3Y'





)3QJ900BJWT[`U7A
LF1)/+.VLSZ!RP)'7LT$
M2

O
MY`K_F34_2GKB.E[4OX=NG?LS-?@^&]6V\Z931-40T,';I_5^`AS\%AI;@)
M7U0-QBJQ4!(DZ.NT

_N^S@



MNHS`4_16+#ZB)
M\VHC@M1T-)I9C%1UT:X=N(!5/QC;A/;O:QMPF0Q2-K%].:^K:R?KE7XW#8!%

IGD6:@]



MZC]#MR[]F1IX4OR-E;9Q8=


$%`````@`I#$^1]_4
)&D`0``L0
``!D```!X


M7@RR@Y3
81=D&PTL+&+ZH&Z[1<*!A)]C&M7,5UG/[L
MZ$R[3*`S@2;31:-3XVBS0?F6%D8/2+;LW!V^=[#31#QRB&(<T=1;]3ZZKFD


WN@!E/_3:B.9\ZGI
MB!T

M:?2$[
'8MJ
M/2HW;VFJIMMY3^.9?
RGNOY7K)KW66%NRU=*IKGB?EOPW+^&VUP(NO&[_2T[EN;KCKI=O''=*<
M%57*Z=DQ]7B&W[<4;^!2

ML6X

LP7/=P@3CS%;`!.C


^S3Q
M_+)M8W#9B
6R8:1L`@$#LN@5/'`:#%!0W2*P
2E1&
?(:EZPZDQLMA1%GIZL
M!07#%?#M

M5`MJJF-87:&O:YK%34M2O8_-YJ?(PN:P:FP

MJ];&9F]3%.OS'QL5C`

!YH'3SSME`P2P`:P5X*8##7.)/$E6@G12EC


O87


MC\P&.BU




T
M+GAM;(5438^;
!#]*XA[UYC/;$20-JFJ]E!IM8?V[
#PH;4QM4W8_OO:!IQL







T*'(P
M^<JZ8:VJ11M(=MJ&7]!FGUJ%$_RJ6:]F=6#9#T*\VLF/<AMB\`X.VJ;0
UP




(F]5I9)


M_5+*;A


MLX=`2XSB=T5[



'1:%LVA*




JK
M8<U/4L]3-28#^?D
)&LNQ_[]MM3_`=02P



^Z


;_QLRW


9EF=*]DAWS/W9

_:**9)GJO*#XJZ)L$6X!5BFBB


M.C:M1GMI['V1ZV2TH`-#&]L8FWOEFGH3*N3&VMAL]MF!C972Z/Z0;+7P%0
M2P






H2+
MT^\:PZ2?%V%S$88DR)PBS.N%
O=H-PA(B)#-YS

M\

M'M`XO;

]2:
DL)JGB.B9=X08*.!I`RMZ0$3/785=01_^8`MGYS8(
M*




Y+GAM;)U6P8Z;


MGJ9P.KZR?V_M:OD;)OE:E'^*G3IJM2@

*M*&7[&VS/
M4HGJ6A(&%7OOKD7=7B_='8K[


HSC=*;%QE&@.+DOAPQRB$/.S/)3ATDF


`




3Y'SDON



M
]+QH


H7_
MS)J7DI9X'2_JWURWQOV)*#@*^KNK=&O
A@&JH8#U6]B_`YS\YA*:AR7U0.
M2@NV4`+$R


5?!?$`Q8#_0$60%J9I








$&$8.CQ+'6(I&D*
@\H


_7/YJ1U&_TNBZIY69S:
M]K*







MECI@DAY3]1@E24HRQ&K$1$8`$RF/#(1)/3(#1L[(?*%9(K+
R[X(2'_ADE+%

+4T0D;@S0K
;'NY4@6.:'@`DJ+<%W/*PZ9$I2EGY;!N'Z7D`$$`G
MW,G=TQGJ

M]8%`%+&Q%TXG!-`\^
*W`4&([XIP8B(0.K&!0
'.*)X=7Y6Z/O;G@$VT



RYX;6R-E
V.FS`4


#.@
?1Y`M\RM1IP$'SS9







O+

X^=P/P$

22*342*(5/
`94]
M5Y=($.H@+

LS!C#U7ET@2ZB!9
T.,6SN&U:C(6T!Q81Y`ZZ@)(


X%2!=

LE
MD@3CDHB6I!B7M(V+.Y[78+2ADJORT&XT5=Y6GPO3;78



RXI2X15[T*9
BQO3
I`X%QR



M4B:W##D3)T+$DA&AZ2
T($(O'6[WC#FJ*8YL[!)&1;:OR(**O-E^:X.*1**D

M^!!^5`CBI*8@_1**
94!I)+8#UN%?:R%



MF;`;6=@2M8PU5TE7%=)5S@*E25?U4%W5I*N:H:OO-=B36E?OV[R[2
`IL''_
MR.0^(TZ=U'LF1I)@S9%@!+$NL#1)L.9(

MHV=N:/%C^:`

M4



M4C@&*[!_5I@C2/IZ
SEZCVN3[Y[:]R;+T7WQNJVZ1_']S_W+F7/9O`CF_^[D
MU9U#)76BU24*ENBZ1



MDG.W?W5T_Z4J7JZ[-V'[UW%G_P-02P
$%`````@`I#$^1P.'\@]L`@``S`@`



_V4&D
(_,`#Y?`34-%7@


M&WC&P-


#Y




MR'$3/\''+5P:B$7\KDDG)_/()+_C_
TL?AXV
3`Y$$KVRE!@/5S(
Z'4
&GE
R*;Y#2M<%H)WD6RQ
M*1Y\U'!A2#2SF=AS6U*=J-2[ES)?9T5R
40#9MMCT@D&.D2BV;T2Z55BF]Z%




=*GGHN]M_4+Q]MJJW?^%\C]02P
$%`````@`I#$^1Y/
N8$(`@``

M
B=$.9^


`
-%

-T?AY7+C0A$$H.RCA@_;B0-:'4&.F)


M/.;E%X.C@T%C=S=;I
OU+%OV5NG]87^D7HW.$E=B-I#K6?JR;KWOE;/_D64_



MF]2D*S'KJJ9=B7E7-?%*S+RJJ5=B[E5-OA*SKVOVM9A]7;.OE=BD$;N8?5VS




7G8P5JTZ-#%B\`;)?L
M/3.BXJ(TF%$B\4'E19FND:&ZH%!AMN6!FT
'
550;5M30HJ@VJ:W%05!V4

M4A/FDVXU:*0A23YITI#NJB%-&M(#5WI4$)*NF22D`XE%.83`%DKB@OI3#O@
M0TM\D,ZT[QI;$I!&VFQ?5N!NC1631+2H82V+X%(&N-8!#.C-1Q[PUI#.C

:
[1I:DH\!
M\N&A_5J!VJ&UPK0UI#(3=K
@M%\!2)BV)$4#I@J88T9H8=8QN3?&(D'Q;;

M



MR


586Y1MG^/$POB2:!UJ
MML$MC@IE=ZJ

MT4GHA,H_!2`BEKEX9`GJ\
@1*^


((#4SJMI%I=$LVK43+@&-C1G;=.WKVV(
5
+R:DV
+=+GY6ZSR
M/0#G;8(:H8C/`-CEF2</R;HV=
67LY/].\NKFE_2Q4\_:GK71CNHWH(*:
M'IA^$\
/F#(D%K@33+EGL#LH+?BI)`PX_1S'MG/C
+Y99%/9[0(R%1!?0
;&


XQB;Q3?
M


H`DDD,119ZK]V;W8F4XO=J]31<TT6[`VGW[)22`JV,7AB


M'`E0$?+X6T(R$A)%`.FWA'0DI+X$-!*0+P&/!.Q+R$99ABH;IR;AY*7LZG



ASO-I[


&ULI9Q;;QO)$87_J'WF%W5=T

M7.[_?3G\3^+C8?8!?#R`SP?XO#_QPT+[T_S[;#N[OERO7B:;I]GNTZ.OX_#U





W5A&&QB`')<&`KEM:H4`+B0W)\F$CEMHM%A:_L@/$<ASTDV)A
ML30;EF;D1
6IS'UB8?$@6[7OK5B.@[18JDL9JCPL)F3#A(U6N

2L;Q;052EM-?6+D4Q)+LU5/@8+
8E0NG5H1[)AP58KM;VP./3

2
0-1L0EOT^Y


(1-QH1-X&%*(H/(Q)QH^%#Z'8HJ@TC).7&=U(N(A?Q:T12;FR+*_*
MQ-+1L+1'IACQLZ(&\6%$8FXL8VXG,:K8`[(3ISX,$1-[4^)
\164F
+3

;




(L+





M'''&3AG4@HP
RJXU*+9#0XHT(A

MP*28).+.D$P*.2*+.6K%PQ;!6V#Q*']:X)$AGCY_*NZ(3/H54Y_5:%*!$C



652$U5J
MU!/Z&0E24!

MR`*;6OT89%




M$G(/HZ@HRD9)#LCFK^*BZ

M1A6M1!:N9#SMV9;1Q!&]`51H$V6HC.:VC#*8^+)^DA4JH_D3VT^*@B(+@VJ-










MK[;;U6)W\.1NM=H.XZFX+^/;\##




!2&_PKB?L4VGZD(4I-IVBXF5;O8KFGB
M)*B`
^PTW;^?

<TRTK_Q1[<9*TR'7V])!?2O&+7;_3?@YAFW#'2J[^.[L+%ZRZ
MA;A.E7]VSZ)6SVOW2X+Z

MMU\;/TMYTR:1F=N&6BB55
Z

M.#)F8PLCA)
%/.'`$P(\QJ)M;$U@KFL((:N_QS#1`!
!
+X!8VLLF%G))$8\
M8
0`1F!@V!H+8U8RB9$

:H!9`3#&=MRL
MP'T;$&0LWA86WFWP222
M*
@H!KC!2E&IH07U&
O2D:\Z(F8Q=BKHI'*7[#[
M

@
B&F=5






**%.(F(=06`Z%S)

%)%T6'HURC
M@2+4*4)EBI]

3%T[BK@6



F15-[5`^R:%(VR.MA21'$!H73VD\/



M

MF4#J)L$=G2#DK-RUASV5L^;'0G0',/;X4#I$=H3`E?S`_)COU
REU:5
XK

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E




M=U?SP_WL]W(RGJ57\\[B]W0ZFO][E$ZRUX

MI^EL
++.I;[+7F8[^KK^/9ZOOK^M_
M<;X9;J#+!GK30-FM#4S9P$@;V+*!E39P90,G;14#0)I@[!L$$H;1&6#2-H@
<F56'/E15=BU96778EU5UYX




M
(C-?O=/$:EDCM:


1*P

M5I




M/\_76$@P17WR8



+:F:NXE0\Y2`YQ#F4WD.C3P'+2$EM*N$#$IN
M2VG8DE/E832X7[)*$J/R
#I\ZPRJMC^-MC\R@XY*J'&&0#/H`P#AC=@)`*')

Q
`

;=%=LP/




M2\0)#YBF.LH;\$:

M):OJ^&W0\3N@63G!SG@/J$AKD5K5T=N@CW:$-)]`M$CO2V[+JM^24W64-^#M

M^K0L7H;YZ_GZSY;6/RRSEX/RS[`V?PMV^!]02P





MP01RO\Y-([-II`6BKD`



M?)1JP[A(3*.$)CPL6&GYT'3Q

M26J=Y4W



M['*D[)4W&`OOK2
]7_N-$



M


`B160H(NV'


M[


&2H#]M

M/L


IT:VVLCV7F!KG']AP=P9


9


MK$Y)ZB

M$U1!37MNW]3P`Z8CA(2EXB;\HK(W5HF9DB!!/\:5R;`.XY?U=J+=)Y)0*!
MC

M;GZ
\1^A^`]02P
?_9L#LVQD_:%.0NC@LRPJM0I/6I\7


TUD_<AV$.P,Z`/$/K<@'@#
MX@S(@P%[;D]`74&S!E4S@`CB`=UMJ*X)V*84?2<PSR'37&2`6<L8@1H_)P3

J?QG&3BS0T?6S+`$

MZP0T9X]
J(`@-*=:Z'4=S-DG$RH@!+(YK*[Y`
_9*Q
J(`G

M9(U50

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#8Q+GAM;)U6VW*C(!A^%<<'
MJ/XH'CI)9K;I=G8O=J;3B]UKFI#$J4I62--]^P4U:(V3'
10;\#/_(ABS/K



B


:L;4R*T#7FW@/SW0/S8&.*.-:8
M2-;K+!KIHE$OD%X5E'XND&B!I!=(K@3PYP*I%DBM$10Q&-



R$/5_T1
M:


M6187_UXD:7XXGXMY_\/3]FU3-3]XRX4WV*VW6;(KM_EN5B2OY_.OXNS)!(VD

H,%-<`.@,8#$+_
MI('N##37@^D,#-=#T!D$7(.P,PBY!E%G$''GT.3\F#E_,-'RM,F0;,$-2_3I
M%ICO(#QMTB=<*+:7/N4V-/ODR[861=]V@4[[Z)/O&!G7O2I%Z$5F'=$L07Y



M5`Y[5+;V

MFG!C;9-'5P
!9\G
X



URA!5!$4!C%V%M4LK*`ZL`JN(



M5\BBHEAT@@4G6&44QQ$JR@6.8@H9%$1F+G!NO?4(`S+$\*H!@-*SU(F:*:
MIT79-24RG:AD#%%W5F'MB-9#@P`X((%(CVC


.#3K
MT9
H!HEWE(CU+$HCB9H@

CB9I!X@]*


MU`VO

M[;NRUSRODGI$_TL=]B:)U\.7-'FMFLN@OBZ.;\B/7ZI\W[_P'_[7P?(_4$L#

M=#8S+GAM;)V907/B.!%_PK%?09U2[*M%*%J8&MK][!54W/8/3O!=1@S-I.





=_MEOVYUWJ^:S;?&4OQS:']7YCV(8

#

M%Z]=H4&SOFCP2@.C8N&KBUW@6Q=K9





I!192IH?K;*4?N$'


M
(*`6I!82^

MC244:.IC
D5%O[R2
I:[&+B+$G=I-`DBP_:@GVH^MA*`BQ)P:3`-HI@)$I31



M6Y1@2R
).4-1.:=H2@K%HNP$S**$61I'R.%I



M$T'$K4QCI@G

O

MQ*;T_/VQ'=NR1X






M^YAC'Z-%T
>\I3BCSFA,-#'G%+YF#[F'>5']C%G%`;5YSV%0?7Y0&%0?3Y2
M&)3S)Q\#4=3'?*;&CC#G%,;V,1
MKWV
`H29
S`W#




?(6
MD&


MW5![RO9^F

H`Z;;]L[V



M3.[S\M$4SYOM%PFV;_+TJ?EB1/OMC
/_`5!+`P04`````D
3Y'?3)^9L\#


M\0
_+Y5I3[=K-CJ]<+7
L?P\FG
MW<TJ&CRH4CUV0XJ\_WI1=ZHLATQ]Y9\FJ:TY!Z/7[/?C[?;VW_(6W6GR^_%


B0RFMM)P\\T






I12$

(6`!1(\VU37[-:(EF99POJ=%Z6WEDCP

\^]I8I)+PR`C+H_#QZ';&
MB


$%`````@`I#$^1].`C8!NN```R\D
M`!0```!X;]S:&%R9613=')I;F=S+GAM;.R]V7+;6)8H^GSV5^RHH[PM14`T


DRS8L_Z&V1_W6;G9;;8O/'/TSZ



M7M



M+UFU`PEH$GT*F[XIUPT
N%RF_S=371:+E=IT7A01GN[G2[R&1QF6YV85VY
M7

SDU<F;TS-]^?+L[&HWW?`)0^-ZG_[X[MW9FRM]<GEY




M&1+B^ZRL`/3'^N=RO9CCGIYEV;KV
O*TI]4JG65__
-*0/^'?]%MU!&8W?I]


M=)W/;^#A
BUVSGM:`J(#'8*?=%%NLIT/OH)+\%0_ASN/^]!`;V:/??5-61P_






O\DV@%^`
=LF1WA1EDP.IO#`.@7N2=)*\UC*^7;&6G%U





ZT$[_&
M4
_SQ1;EQ:\RV

%:,]+Q;3!#Y<K/+<F%0FC;=Q'_@RI-@AL!IF


MV7
@XG_13B0Y.;TZ_VF'+6/^R[;:$


9;EL1/=6E



VJ*X



M?*WZ-$MG^#)J)JE(IVA*1L2.5T*-E7#IJR8O1/D*Q1HYWDTWM/*-\-=!%K
MWYV=7)X].7Q^QG\=P7=




MP

@O+9S;J\PQ^K[(;P\*FNT#=.[MD2QK[GVVS/4\U!

MA:(C?PV(LL:+

;=X7A:)G=2(H$NE?__[RIY]/?_V'7HF@
M


A[.RT
YMZGY0/4D823KG)W



MBP]W4P(INIWN:(`#*!D`3NB7;


M2;Y$J:/FL%66Y(@$KM'P253B_%T==;8K_'C0BT8#QJ`\&(6E-0.
\W?*@):B
MA


\Q0\F%=U!D^XG
Y`
M0T=P]Y*H%U`

-!*`5O2APA:
M#L1#NR!QF-?KCOX3


X!';$`U-A#

M\.+[X0W3+`0M%B:J0QOL0=1&_HY(3.!'\F`1%40[

O)?RAT5R'ZAA)AK[N$$KM+KR)B,K!TK+
M:.?2?3[2OW9`$GA'-#5A8D]3,Z'5^


(,HHF:,(AW]G&P'J`H/PS.URO<U
M^H)2(&XW$M=!\KL)D









#1@OAW3/JO8
M3PK4I2+6E1OS-$
Z%+%J2GA''TZ/U(]L+3RK^.I5?*HK=/BOK==GQV'BV)@D

6(D`6*;O@:B:



9&8


MLR/EQ8@]U=Z'2+$QE!98F:B(O+J%)=R4Y9QIY3J]L]P9D0O0CZC:W)PHR^=$


M'`I5N@S$3X.:?P6TV)`=#2A?@?D9;%6/0E^4OFN


M\

MA9\^Y%SJ(UP+9R7XH#B`5231:#*OWHPPZ2K#Z^/8-$8KG=3/ZIID_*L/P`

MH0T6I4IC!YAB=(8)+HSDEKF7K)AL5K&NA2*ZVUN5UQMRUZ\66Z1O'_QQPC
U



AS\\*
N':)MFX9G@




[?



+O




T0ZE=`3(Y?



Q#LN0]V:+N;82U



MV;WG:ON4Z*GT2'*U

MP#O1/KC@C1*\:2W^%#D+M2OWY'TIL?Q16VY2%

M71DAU0K4KW2/=V##6JZ&O;F



M(.Q-]L&W8XMH9OCZ#@'=N4;#0?+*?97#2'VH7QC[CK=60\3@$%]DTS7:





G^$8GI]S=C-5$_/%H#`'J$B




_-=M


[SL_K1%0








^ZJ(\SDK+ABH81=/P;M^
MV
ATNV$]Y`Z=$O


2BN8H

M7LQ(C'Q8PX&-+







K




M
MX-H*'[)@YZ%.Z((2-VLB(Z9`IB&#-HDB$Y\:

M?=79WA^K5WMQ*/$X&HVZ4=(=17$R
6M$SF0W-XA&23\:=?M1?^(_H3@.U\@:
M2!#K88.
4Z[@9QU-&#^


M-$@S.[7RRR$9F-6P.SPRLZ/9A2L=()F-665I'3)E38I%3/GG^/]DECB2
2




MBE8@^2+(I

C$(7+*
MLU)9$BV1L%;SI_CWQ37*@2X


MB+F21G-T]Q)OB+LP`&?%&M)YN,SPL-D]QRVZO9N3!U^'0@GG!7-
FI+3
K
\5\*H-$IU9!X^%]J#SG7)DI&;[#TRN:=D]<C<
MPF$(P/=-AT[O#6813-&J^$W.CS?E_.A2126;WPCQ4[Y-%&B[N.*S
#K/P-


`4&0MW*^3&[O@K[%.[?

V(3QMGT3U`ZK(K
$JL=Q]XC


)&]$C.1W&\B`%9X79


M
I@.(RZ
MR4B,;7-SG8T!Q`4^FYH77%@K&O<FA@FA78!Y/7VAVQ.8U

M]*
!C#49F`K$&R





LZ!0-^\;:MX]A;
M-I;5$W%;4-YQ#']8;K(X=-ZX=B:D5@2S=6R17
G65S9PEC2CKOV.W
C:F;

M*H68C$[$W&5=G9IJ7;



#UFDMCNF
A&Y


MZ+H_)?(+9P5U!/WZM62TP(A0B4C:D&'.Q-P0Q:Q[3=(YQ4;IT'OR
-(!_*4$
MG906#.O]L.IE?'YA)6!C55.U$KU$AH+%(@#

MH

6=U2;)?G[0`_&4:\WQ

!F&M


MJQNE^Y-N-!GV^?5R@2@SF

MCJ






[!W_*.7N[FN?6*JB%!2`X.\^DJ]U_B@9U6&6\$$W!XLJO
M



`U^@-X-.#HV'\(-8;8`!BA97#`2R-WX51DNYC


M2C)!6II$_=$DZO?[B&D*Z].C


M5

MFTPZ2&;4:\QFI@(F%`VQ1MYH\HA
TIX

2
M*QN%`Y1.G9N
`(MS[(3!]KH+NJ1-`B$[#

M);Z''DFJ@0)7-&ZNCH!?!0[_,D?''X!N()_$\W=UTD$YJ$LGG.20DF/`L6

S8\\;SQ




G
M/AWM
SIIISZK/4IBGEHFB^
M$W&&R!Z-3!0[.E$?DK:?&$EO^(W3=YK*&IM=E*<TU=V_5HAKX8#[M#5T#=D

MT#X:?'=D+2*2K6_BM*A8(Q8

M^NZ-?M5YV[&O.)N







2WH@:Y



M.

M/75K
4Y8T
9F6YLU0HO:%G/`G
TM^VY768$1O=0FZ@`5]FX
M_
P.U+.)S_Y
M4JQM=^9SSMI.1);H@%V(;):G;Q4B,W6MA1WORTZJUWHO(]2?3$Z8]H$X[+:
M@\N/,=,0+C_W6!`U8.Z')N0S&U7^$V_

/W[[3$]9%
MYAY(),F@^[V-T4AZ7M!)\0+U]][XGZ_+6C(?]25'#;/-H9-AK2`'99I&]7(
M


M2F0


MKW'ST^.-NTA-#PQ;BTD8/R$+


M'HFAU]A[33/S.![(F^8O&E_9\5VH)L8V7!A#K?F]EK;LMV]
V_O4:0I1LX4.



#9#U#'C@9[/WO)AG'WG6P2XK
MQJ&%E+_E(W69K38BD.V8M%8\%1Z*$V\6U_M4C`M6;
.^/7QN,I!*9#I=2-^
M+#Y2;;L))GK,=G1R%=J]^*H#$3@&I2L5C8@2^4$R@]$R_4VKVY-Y-1!/
*L

O4BOI0U



MO?)`[J1M(/=XW'PL?

MBG5\U4S1R15_S%TE7LCXGRV/X=!C_I$WZM;+AK@[6?O;?57KK]TY;X2P&?
MUZ/7D)=/`A7_.`681H\`Q#8^K.LB12SOWPB71E'FI@J:0&F[Q@CH1#I=.C

M4]P6+?GL

TUMRE7J:.%+B1YMG&@B9N6V5;
MT.'K?7K;/!+8WKJN72C7TYASPU'*4[:#(%*L0`?PP]\V07,R2CHH.?E`ZBFG
MB^B)$

1I$HV$BL4C\O:)0*)

-@\0D9U^+RDEB;-E\!B[D2RID6RN?Z




8(Y:`)7P0


M80KW@Q?Q8Y3^!5F#)




)BMV1)%RJLF*EF@?M.&




M=+G/H
$JH
O

#*,9SL5W&5*3:.GSG5:(RDR1F7<U)


MY/T:XM+3PHNF\K)5_

MG1?N@


NP/
L4_`FQ=








#=68M850;:



MPDA7?4IDCGC4(W!9/1Z7^0A

827B^N

E]CCT%
LR




674&HJ!YB

M2U$B!$R99`YPKGMF




MF+UEPM)6EOVA:5M(O7EF3PGCVWR)I
[+

BKO?Z
+Y-JV`&:(`8=A3RR(/?_V[^?;7?]#)NB^.XU__`23^`O*=&-4[XPB
M165SA

Z5


M39O%&I:**(FMTK&A+!^DW_'E`:QNY(9Z)(VP&N@QJ9EVX6BMH90-;-\&CTZW

`I

8N#8
MVJ^M-*FC?T1I'5]GJT8$DJ`P;A_1UR9L/)\6;U?_$$2J&1U0FPPZ9M[GA




:S;(


GA'^9:[O(Z9F
MQOC


^'RGF)5(!0`04

\P@FL34J`9K#\*E
&

$CGQGR

V
'

0.-H[AGAT`D'1MXPT


A@!IMV!'C6?


@J7(&D'0\(-/



_'=1#POB&NQW$+04F^!'$24_CLFRUY\/O']7C81F


=*4)%YV`%/O99!$DA




?@-?-^UA;E?)7
MU?47U4(@$MROD`14.'CKZ3V0NCB1XA=CKJ^X-0/OMQ]_P^#]UU?TD6'4[

M\C`5_A;+CJ


M8N


O25%ST
%MUB





MN=&M).*9%#=)!JOT






`3H`*MINJK)$-Q


M@^8Q*FDUS1;EW9%I38A!X$.;%GE34$HI(Q&
-_-IA
F1++D5&V:9M`$7\\^X


M\V69K2
WPT13NCU$_9YGZ1UF7Z5WDD]=6J^;M
FXM!`V7*)20236T[$T
NF#
M)OD.JI58,K+%1%RN,T9[Y\SP=+LIL2+HC(J;4\=XRK8K7`W(&,;%_X4VSZ&'
M`)])U;Q,K$^F;;3'1


'C+\KU=49]C/GS&6:)


M\!TW:2XQ^]FO-B!E!3-&A-J5]4K_N-+9S!
V]\K6QC:






MDY;&'51FP=64P)I=V%8=#ZP&76)[@VB4L.[(6HUT-G*TH:J16#!8&*P5-&


M-QZX-6%/]4;$%F]&^5*DROA2XOE/]1KP@7D:`CMFSSZM9

M)@3V/L-3



M;]U&W0L@M`.*





19F0

M&TEX5;GX8(PU@*]PXLN*?!Q8&C=;%=HE:(8N9V;9!N4P('8V.Q3$=0P369



MJ)H;TYB'9Z0MVXT&O1Y-0'U88JTN'\DR0&@[





<^U6@.&6RW\_1UI=X.<J<@5)VB/;-]'-^2
M5DJO&-[




Z
L08


MFII-LF7N)ET78@JIX[JVN




M-ETY9=M7:ZSPS43_)3+]6[S]SW
NP]IVE73+5;JFLJ[2*
QW_+)*:FX8*F!M

(##.DC[.&;

MH
RO_SBJW2.[?


;!2EQRNALCU=G$/![ZYC6I#H6EI0WI.JF^EAV%9


D9K3\-^4NLLC
#HCUR4!$SE)7_M)WGU-[A5/:9<]@KTA6W$64XO#4KMRC
MC?#T6$(;G5[$^VUF55SE!I$8W8T





C5R6&^$JA`)R

V

C7[J(^B)N;.E+`

MZQRCJ]

M-D-2(-Q=MEZ42MG[6X+TBSTO:'



M-




A@C#WJ0+RXKA



WAE+JR:K7*-RPS)]
MRWS7TFT7A8*X[S=?&#7A%2.7DQ9#GWGV_MU[Z.PG5$OTX;/?N^9O?J%@4L4I

`CU]A8_%EZ[\@-F@O
Z1IY_A#MZK_^







Z;R-
&N9&'ZD:V&?U7%Q_<KW<5
M'XP8&Q@LRF?9$P'M]LEGD2V?*?@[1-'L))]1=.8?LLP8PQVE'==X_S?0T&$



3##L#



M?V$@$VC-7-;*Y*Q4X(J&Y.-H@(/T$'G9AK-.R


3.[B6^_F/O:WT[G1\5

FH

M;91N92-*^9Q`5U9E$*\U(W?K'ZQ#WRHQ]J+C%0YGJ:`F=2XLKR)1ZYMW'\^/

:8_@0D$W]=5A_



M!WHB#*%B?K
_0O49D(A0[5.0Y3N'[`L63.[CJ@8GIV7GG



J5[4^

M=4PT$$-G;T$^O2OLP`*3(J#.OVU5SLERJK&
+-QYE7&CTQL]++^\8@P5^@/!
M_G]!HY4?J$H589H:URA68I/X_-^`G@?$NX3#72J#/G

'Q2J1_0O2MM]KQY9.1
M=06B+9(%4I1$06DY
(QBCK=17*+CR:##0Z

1&^<C3J*/Y-1X1W(]!CW.NNG\61(D%J(MQK+
M;&F5UI<5HN[/T2H4'TCXQV%\,(3V?<RA\-[(+V$6ZY6XJ!CB[B!+!@/.YQC

D+)ZL8


E&O@5P5&]`X42B*=
@[WA]*YV&Q#A$
.3

8\6A'1#+;'`IZ9YD:GDJ,*W8M_PFQS:P-!&.44Z?55(H+@4K![
M!+8$A.G=[8Y_7%C;RWAO#&)K))
-5J&45J:BEQ[L%PI9&5!SHEI(F7ER9):

0
+


&#



M.6GOV-.Y?/!.Y

M8/F@BZ@@J*!VF.$OC367(J?F4GTGWFB[S#MCE_&.W+^BW!AHB`*D_!Q9=AW
MKU5V`9$!NM6$2FS%+6O!%8!%0/VF6LC)P-UJ-AQ1LE@0#BY(R[7H/%AR@D(







06K**Z!?'-#/J_7]LEA<:_44M'*XWI&UYG-&=XJ,NTM@U'95L7]S81@W
MU#%(<N2#XCJ:P/F.KD.3<3N%W.

0ZO2!3,6-A929AC]!VJ+R5A/E06P^(WPH9LO.;






C


M?
3U[WGK&%7E;;G

MZY@;

M6YW0#6!N^$19B+@@K08.)D5`LBA


MO53V72\!



MP


V#XK

NKJ



MHO7&GS%J2GM,`G38P:KPSC8D&,$\/S,.7[MCLW\E)A&V&YVU



2#*5Y$H9,P[R1)W+<LU]\=JX<\_'JDK0!6]$XZ32:3?I+U)TF:S=08\3+3


MHWQ^@SI!+
[ZC4;DI

ME'9@?3-N^^:HIW3P?RNT^H#B3'2`RFEUR)LGT6QJB2@-7X`E7:D=(%12^O





MC







M-\!T)


RDT22ADRRE8_5@W8KD[%;J;[P^@$A
MG_#ZY]2?EI94T$(\&WQ')$?Y-1IYHXXR&+T8CY-^-A%;XT*Q$67





:46'&)I

M]XG\R+-BUP*2



R0X3`ZD;(AJ:/ALH





MF[


MBKG
B%'Z2C+*7'*0`JVM$09H;S0ZKC(J))KMF:%N[;G$6F2X.IR?'-S-7T


X0\'6#T&R
M4\#.UD
:4.0.R#B
XKK#*+$1X1P43XTT2&$A:/DM;PN)_-J2Y5$%-Q''K+N%
M\@471G'=0_N)#M9?8!L%V-
%KF*M33DU+0%6F0U)-L.0]IQ5!6GY@P6%T-


4`H2
A\!.9^
A




%U&H5V%LY=
1I-D

MI%?Q9XD)[D(7)[4HXTY$85?FH3@-%P*OF4*X1(!`5_%7$6?+`^IH1T3D?T&
MOBZO&`K%1D-@;M/



MK\%A+._R?Z(TP?M_M+\S/3HIB3U$KQ?T.#R

M9QV
8&C\+O22];M
T(R)2\N-T8L&78T/8^D`NH*[I\/T!-X^3H=2L^_@&GN:
M'




MQEY

MXP

M*DD-S=+#*#0;YT-=IA-GAVD6-0_.(R(+T;*[BE%0`4Q'10B5;S)YQR&DK\YV
PR\B(ZC_G'SZ^./9
M^9=W\%WSI_HX_W+A_`5#.3D#6

T%66S
9T:L8#U2YET7T4
Q`*'%FM^M,6345LC7$HPY8



-.I
MYQ$U4*Q0DN,]&Z;&1D&+F$U;K_G[$2J:X6\?#8;(C[Z#/V8]N(*_4^_@FG`






H:FW!5*&^ESC


MP@&W)YRR7*:P05BB*U0:F(O./NGD*5K9.`7N*+3;D1X&X9&O5^
LN2P7!`


!V

6@.:297F4@U!\BP#N/7!98ZT6MG%NH`
MWYG`8/`^G$#/
^H-=9`9J%D8*N2_Q/+:098FHQG=H^HO^G(IH^8O!SY@O0@/


M:
K.0*-9#J;2E/;?HNZVA0^CN8).'(9J%UC7,/!#
400




S]A_^\


$[M2:HBX]_M4'IF$V*6W\+'([Q0SJ
4GP=DI$FL*+Y_&\@



MMGE=Y!M



*U_T'

?]EW-3


MI^D%E?W8]+PA\;'Q^_6\QZ:&?M[CGX+MW:3'
-
(K%G@*FI*;=R_N*?HGS85

MYRNS)F_NU
V&E.9IE/VUT%(OFCK.Y`0^8Z-6!?K^,L)`A#AKRI7GY9[[8W

W9
MV/W4^PES+R_JD&Q\2DQE$`J?`
Y*F/=&-[I=+XJE@GN6MBK6:*

M$G&XI]4QEN*&3W&7*KI&SQ![&%)
A?IK0ZA?V\F*19,IC-?+K-
M#N,/$FI$]7@1.A)D`U5!5)53,+!5NJ[)0
REEP
XH4$@UN[A2-2W(?(*M
D





M$


!-R;S$U2Q5G87<
MGBNAKQ#T]PKKO-'L0$O




/[X]S'^^:


MD7;OJN)U%QSP(VJA`.CTGPE)=D,/\5L1.LU5&1=V)M
K#.ZQVR'RL?G9A%

MX?Q?CC13&NJQ`M[ZM&I.)&IX!:..FEY!_.!/JQJ$;JV4'6/ULK:56]Y8JW@K

7Q-T8LCI\=



MV6G.Q

CZ[_IX+0S
TO

M/X.$CV?M5!`3P

MRZFK;2I1/5\L$(!)7*?6#9H%SX8267S%8='/:OQ59'7G@3L=6XSE83FJ8Y




MHR%;0=?QA$4M;T3?2O)Z-*UW`AU`?[U
S5OL

3


(#Z?26^W=



MQN1Y6J]7QL

R7H`Z$E_M2(7W5(DZ$U$*4-DZ
MPVEHAF[:Q1ZN\`:%R
V?J)ZM_PQ)^=DVZ_1;K*

JA


%B]756`&/^=1QEI




8X(_

M2):6S8_LTV$]IZE/6*!S8VSZW6LED_0\ASE6^DD8KFJ/$+@H\=W+'8.@[3&$

MY^L'



MY^^-B/*=.CL.'MR085_951.K5RG7U@;Z7AN'J5YP2J;=\/?=Y6VSZ==:MMK;

MX=Y/=Z

MT/K/NBRHMZ&J/JC_!OEP6T?!:6??:'F26%6$C5496%WPE66$]O7[:L-2H]%E
:
M8KULS]BWE:W2=R?#Q:`5VJF=BA=.<YWVYOU!@'Z]KX!2KT$Y(7+&/D:WZ*X
MO3
!50'S`Z=_/.Y%^/=MN;LU'W[:ZXOFB)[CE65`E8%J


MX57[S7HC'1ID18LVM.E6T:OQ`[684E_OFUN&8L].N.^*UVRB];+G@(M!$_H'





O1



A!:&/X&6;0\
MIQF%*&0]F9^9^EHW.]-1_Y4

/!=:BA!/P_6:]


M=^G$4!D\3(5'89:JK7;\6CAPR5\U\XY)V4X82
:[$C@*EM`74#E!OK=`;PVF


F`;BG*3^.1ML)_N
M9'$
RGA^FS?:Z)#:N;+U2:@0HFY'3U%QQ8O!][)7V_(VYQ#5W68;[HOI(#XO
(_TOO(SI
*3
M!='H
V*PGA*&BI!DTTJ

V'
1EHQ1[H(W2EP4

M+=*CR.SDF*FHJ!Z`K]ZNB=&WK?='+'Y

]6PKNT#




(
DH?WLVW])KOOG
CSO^F


M0+T$?=(
9SC06*49
M6#\=+^]N\OA$K


M`*0Q/D=FYPI7%@(``(G```3````````````````0````!;0V]N=&5N=%]4


8O`@``

M96QS4$L!`A0#%`````@`I#$^1\_\Q]`P``W@\``!```````````````(`!

4`````D
3Y'`:;\5SX!``!I

4
M`````D


/```-````
M````````````?40``!X;]S='EL97

M`T@&!0``O10```\``````````````(`!P!





4
M`````D


4`````D




M4$L!`A0#%`````@`I#$^1XT%
DN@`0``L0
``!D``````````````(`!KD(`



M`Q0````(`*0Q/D=**K\*H`(``/





RYX
M;6Q02P$%`,4`````D,3Y'87;WJZ0!``Q`P``&0``````````````@`&Q


M965T



4`````D
3Y'%;HLL[`!

P
M+GAM;%!+`0(4`Q0````(`*0Q/D??U#1I`$``+$#```9```````````````

4`````D





V+GAM;%!+`0(4`Q0````(`*0Q/D?#LE@G
MS0$``

M



4`````D
M


Y+GAM;%!+`0(4`Q0````(`*0Q/D?.2^ZPUP$``*H$```9````










M%`
4`````D


^%@L``(!5```9````````


4`````D
3Y'/8NNBND#``!D$P``


4`````D

4
M`````D

4`````D
3Y'-E
U



MI#$^1WTR?F;/`P``3A

M='




`
end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






























Nov. 13
 2013
Nov. 06
 2013
Nov. 01
 2013
Oct. 10
 2013
Oct. 09
 2013
Oct. 03
 2013
Sep. 14
 2013
Sep. 13
 2013
Sep. 12
 2013
Sep. 11
 2013
Sep. 06
 2013
Aug. 05
 2013
Jul. 15
 2013
Jul. 02
 2013
Apr. 11
 2013
Apr. 10
 2013
Apr. 09
 2013
Apr. 04
 2013
Apr. 03
 2013
Oct. 29
 2013
Oct. 17
 2013
Oct. 14
 2013
Sep. 30
 2013
Sep. 24
 2013
Sep. 23
 2013
Sep. 20
 2013
Sep. 18
 2013
Sep. 17
 2013
Aug. 28
 2013
Aug. 22
 2013
Aug. 21
 2013
Aug. 19
 2013
Aug. 16
 2013
Jul. 29
 2013
Jul. 23
 2013
Apr. 30
 2013
Apr. 29
 2013
Apr. 22
 2013
Apr. 16
 2013
Apr. 15
 2013
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014











































































































































































846
857


456
904



February
 2013 Convertible Note One [Member]

















































































































































































000
000












256
410


500
000










918
462






000


400












481
579












000
000




000
000


183
908










867















500












300


000










350








440












715












525




350


575














































































































































000










































675





























































































































































































935
556
















































286
842










702
529








353
000












































































































242
















































245










703








412

















February
 2013 Convertible Note Two [Member]

















































































































































































777
778












000
000


000
000










154






093


166
667












000
000












818
182




500
000


498
851










000















600












300


850










035








750












700












000




300


260














































































































































716










































000











February
 2013 Convertible Note Four [Member]

















































































































































































000
000














500
000









































































200














000




























































































































































February
 2013 Convertible Note [Member]















































































































































































000
000




000
000


000
000


000
000


000
000


000
000






500
000


256
098


352
941


756




000


067






000


000
000


000
000


150
000


500
000




600
000




500
000


500
000


818
182










686
667




000


000




273
333


000









800




500


600


600


800


000






250


725


000


000




000


465






250


200


500


150


300




940




750


000


000










075




000






750










































































































































































750






000







February
 2013 Convertible Note Three [Member]































































































































































































500
000






























326
316

























































000






























220






























































































































February
 2013 Convertible Note Five [Member]































































































































































































500
000























































































000




















































































































































































































































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).





































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014
Aug. 05
 2008
Apr. 14
 2008

















000


000


000


000






























000


000


































000


000











 2008
 the Company entered into a financing arrangement that provided for the issuance of a $60
000 face value short-term bridge loan note payable due July 15
 2008. There are no outstanding warrants associated with this financing as the expiration dates have expired. The Company entered into the following Modification and Waiver Agreements related to the April 14
 2008 financing: Date Terms Consideration June 2008 Extend maturity to July 19
 2008 Warrants indexed to 5 shares of common stock (warrants have expired) September 2008 Extend maturity to December 15
 2008 12 shares of restricted stock January 2009 Extend maturity date to April 30
 2009 1) Warrants indexed to 12 shares of common stock (warrants have expired) 2) 12 shares of restricted stock The modifications resulted in a loss on extinguishment of $171
622 in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Codification. On December 15
 2008
 the Company was in default on the notes for non-payment of the required principal payment. The remedy for event of default was acceleration of principal and interest so they were recorded at face value. As of March 31
 2013
 this April 14
 2008 note was considered in default for non-payment. The Company is trying to find the debt holder to extend the due date of the note as the previous address is no longer valid.



 2008
 the Company entered into a financing arrangement that provided for the issuance of a $55
000 face value short term bridge loan
 due September 5
 2008. There are no outstanding warrants associated with this financing as the expiration dates have expired. The due date of the loan was extended to December 15
 2008 with 11 restricted shares of common stock issued as consideration. On December 15
 2008
 the Company was in default on the notes for non-payment of the required principal payment. Remedies for an event of default are acceleration of principal and interest. There were no incremental penalties for the event of default; however the notes were recorded at face value. Remedies for an event of default are acceleration of principal and interest. On January 15
 2009
 the Company extended the term on the note from December 15
 2008 to April 30
 2009. As of December 31
 2012
 this note was considered in default for non-payment. The debt holder is a board director and will extend the note once we locate the debt holder of the above April 14
 2008 debt.






Short-Term financing which is expected to be paid back relatively quickly
 such as by a subsequent longer-term loan. Also called swing loan or bridge financing.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















Apr. 14
 2008







Aug. 31
 2008






















  2008




  2008










































































000






























000















































990
000

















000






























000
000




000
000

















































































619
375




619
375













750
000




750
000













  2017


































295
500
000




295
500
000




































































300

















300
000






























792




792













250
000




250
000






























833
333




833
333

















































Additiinal maximum carrying value as of the balance sheet date
 including the current and noncurrent portions
 of collateralized debt obligations (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer). Such obligations include mortgage loans
 chattel loans
 and any other borrowings secured by assets of the borrower.




























Term of warrant in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.



















































































































Number of securities into which the class of warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date
 including the current and noncurrent portions
 of collateralized debt obligations (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer). Such obligations include mortgage loans
 chattel loans
 and any other borrowings secured by assets of the borrower.
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22



























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30



































































































































































































































































































































































































/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014











745
372


999
692







691





021


808










Deferred tax assets
 gross

788
426


049
191





788
426)


049
191)






































































































 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)

























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015







Accrued
liabilities consist of the following as of March 31
 2015 and 2014:




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Accrued payroll and related
    taxes
    
    
3
719
785
    
    
    
3
261
045
    

    
    
    
1
846
857
    
    
    
1
456
904
    

    
    
    
580
000
    
    
    
580
000
    

    
    
    
108
640
    
    
    
98
000
    

    
    
    
242
792
    
    
    
206
792
    

    
    
    
259
690
    
    
    
130
567
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&#160;&#160;&#160;Total
    Accrued Liabilities
    
    
6
757
764
    
    
    
5
733
308
    













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















868
857



Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1 [Member]














Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 [Member]














Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3 [Member]











868
857







Fair value
 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities elected not to be offset. Excludes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014













508
092








499)


511
738)






177
795


479
444



4% Convertible Note Financing Due February 21
 2015 [Member]


















547
372








413
574


554
182



Convertible Note Financing Due December 31
 2014 (Issued To SC Advisors/Southridge Partners II LP ) [Member]


















520








520


000



Convertible Note Financing Due June 7
 2014 [Member]


















000








000


000



10% Two Convertible Notes Financing Due December 24
 2015 (Issued By Attitude Beer Holding Co) [Member]


















204
500








204
500





4% Convertible Note Financing Due May 13
2015 (Issued to Accredited Investor) [Member]


















200








200





10% Convertible Note Financing Due December 22
 2016 [Member]


















000








000





10% Convertible Note Financing due January 14
 2017 [Member]


















500








500













200 on May 13





 2013 were surrendered to the Company through a February 21
 2013 exchange agreement whereas the Company issued new face value consolidated notes per debt holder for a total amount of $5
020
944
 $350
000 face value in new notes for the surrender of 425
003 Class A warrants plus $121
327 in a new note for work rendered for this consolidated financing for a grand total of $5
492
271. The principal amount of the above $5
547
372 balance equals the original $5
492
271 total financing plus allonges for $767
500 less conversions of $712





000 face value for December
 2012 through March 31
 2015 for a total original amount of $700
000 less conversions of $94





000 face value issued June 7





000 on December 12





 2014 through March





500
 $13
500 and $31
500 to three different accredited investors on January 14


































































Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
 -Subparagraph 2
 3


























This element represents the portion of the balance sheet assertion valued at fair value by the entity whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally
 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission. This item represents the amount of short-term debt existing as of the balance sheet date.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014











151


151





614)


317)





537


834



































Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Gross carrying amount before accumulated amortization as of the balance sheet date for the rights acquired through registration of a trademark to gain or protect exclusive use of a business name
 symbol or other device or style for a specified period of time.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















April 9
 2014 One [Member]









Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

912
500



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount

365



Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount




April 9
 2014 Two [Member]









Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

000
000



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount

200



Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount




April 9
 2014 Three [Member]









Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

000
000



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount

800



Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount




April 9
 2014 Four [Member]









Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

067
500



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount




Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount

627



May 5
 2014 One [Member]









Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

000
000



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount

000



Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount




May 5
 2014 Two [Member]









Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

000
000



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount

000



Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount




May 6
 2014 One [Member]









Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

441
780



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount

925



Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount

296



May 12
 2014 One [Member]









Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

312
000



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount




Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount

656



May 15
 2014 One [Member]









Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

600
000



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount

800



Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount




May 16
 2014 One [Member]









Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

628
740



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount

250



Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount




May 20
 2014 One [Member]









Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

000
000



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount

000



Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount




May 20
 2014 Two [Member]









Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

000
000



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount

000



Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount




May 22
 2014 One [Member]









Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

000
000



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount




Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount

800



May 29
 2014 One [Member]









Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

000
000



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount

600



Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount




May 29
 2014 Two [Member]









Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

000
000



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount

600



Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount




May 29
 2014 Three [Member]









Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

000
000



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount

600



Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount




May 29
 2014 Four [Member]









Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

000
000



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount

600



Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount




May 30
 2014 One [Member]









Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

644
475



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount

200



Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount




June 3
 2014 One [Member]









Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

000
000



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount

600



Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount




June 3
 2014 Two [Member]









Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

000
000



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount

000



Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount




June 4
 2014 One [Member]









Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

800
000



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount




Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount

320



June 23
 2014 One [Member]









Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

136
000



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount




Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount

068



June 24
 2014 One [Member]









Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

000
000



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount

000



Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount




June 24
 2014 Two [Member]









Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

642
000



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount

300



Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount














Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

655
000



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount

310



Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount














Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

546
850



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount

275



Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount














Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

061
200



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount

405



Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount














Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

115
050



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount

960



Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount

063













Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares














Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

500
000



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount

000



Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount














Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

680
556



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount

900



Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount














Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

687
500



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount

150



Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount














Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

625
000



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount

100



Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount














Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

673
077



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount

700



Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount














Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

687
500



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount

150



Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount














Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

062
500



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount

250



Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount














Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

750
000



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount

000



Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount














Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Shares Issued | shares

250
000



Debt Conversion
 Converted Instrument
 Amount

500



Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares




Debt Conversion Interest Debt
 Amount








































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















































Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














333













































602













670













272
























320













951







West Hartford
Connecticut World of Beer Property [Member]












Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






















163

































754


850
























754







































Additional renewal term of the lessee's leasing arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.







































































































































































































































Term of the lessee's leasing arrangement renewal
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Term of the lessee's leasing arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Rental expense for the reporting period incurred under operating leases
 including minimum and any contingent rent expense
 net of related sublease income.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015











Debt Instrument 
 Date of Agreement




Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date
 Description

 2008



Debt Instrument
 Consideration














Debt Instrument 
 Date of Agreement




Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date
 Description

 2008



Debt Instrument
 Consideration














Debt Instrument 
 Date of Agreement




Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date
 Description

 2009



Debt Instrument
 Consideration































































































Description of the maturity date of the debt instrument including whether the debt matures serially and
 if so
 a brief description of the serial maturities.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015







Note
3 -&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Significant Accounting Policies:

(a)
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Principles of Consolidation:

The
Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Attitude Drinks Incorporated and its wholly-owned subsidiary
Attitude Drink Company
 Inc.
 and majority owned subsidiary
 Attitude Beer Holding Co. All material intercompany balances and
transactions have been eliminated as well as the recording of applicable minority interest transactions to eliminate minority
ownerships implications including consolidation adjustments.

(b)
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Use of Estimates:

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. The most significant estimate included in the Company&#146;s financial statements is the following:
Fair value of the Company&#146;s financial instruments that are required to be carried at fair value. The Company uses all available
information and appropriate techniques to develop its estimates
 including the use of outside consultants. However
 actual results
could differ from the Company&#146;s estimates.

(c)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;
Business Segment and Geographic Information:

The
Company currently operates in one dominant industry segment that it has defined as the sports-recovery drink industry. However
its next two products will enter into the functional milk category. Presently
 there is no international business
 although the
Company may pursue the sale of its products in international markets during the next fiscal year. In addition
 the Company&#146;s
subsidiary at the time opened its first World of Beer franchise location in Connecticut in late January
 2015
 and ABH plans to
open additional locations in the New England areas based on available financing capital.

(d)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;
Cash and Cash Equivalents:

The
Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with a remaining maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.


e)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;
Inventories:

Inventories
which consist of finished goods and raw materials
 are stated at the lower of cost on the first in
 first-out method or market.
Further
 the Company&#146;s inventories are perishable. The Company estimates for each fiscal quarter any unsalable inventory
reserves based upon a specific identification basis. The components of inventories as of March 31
 2015 and March 31
 2014 are
below:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
March
    31
 2015
    
    
March
    31
 2014
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
88
235
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
116
901
    
    
    
74
197
    
    

    
    
    
(90
000
    
    
    
(44
107
    
    

    
    
    
(2
339
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
112
797
    
    
    
30
090
    




(f)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;
Fixed Assets:

Fixed
assets are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over a period of ten years for furniture and
certain bar equipment
 three years for corporate computer equipment and purchased software plus five years for World of Beer computer
and point of sale systems. Maintenance
 repairs and minor renewals are charged directly to expenses as incurred. Additions and
betterments to property and equipment are capitalized. When assets are disposed of
 the related cost and accumulated depreciation
thereon are removed from the accounts
 and any resulting gain or loss is included in the statement of operations. Leasehold improvements
for the World of Beer location are depreciated over the life of the lease or twenty years. See footnote 4 for more details.

(g)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;
Capitalized Pre-Opening Expenses &#150; World of Beer 

Certain
pre-opening expenses such as capitalized franchise fees
 interest
 legal costs
 startup and organization costs are recorded as
long term assets and are amortized over fifteen years unless certain capitalized costs have a shorter life period to amortize.
Any incurred costs that are at best uncertain and fail to satisfy the suggested measurability test for accounting recognition
as an asset are expensed.&#160;&#160;


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
66
734
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
45
000
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
28
857
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
22
615
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
19
557
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
25
181
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(3
885
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
204
059
    
    
    
    



Amortization
expense amounted to $3
885 and $0 for the years ended March 31
 2015 and March 31
 2014
 respectively.

(h)
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Trademarks:



    
    
Trademarks are being amortized on a straight-line basis over fifteen
    years. The following table summarizes the components of the Company&#146;s trademarks:




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
March
    31
 2015
    
March
    31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
32
151
    
    
32
151
    

    
    
    
(27
614
    
    
(27
317
    

    
    
    
4
537
    
    
4
834
    



Amortization
expense amounted to $297 and $407 for the years ended March 31
 2015 and March 31
 2014
 respectively.

(i)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets:

Our
long-lived assets consist principally of trademarks
 furniture and equipment. We evaluate the carrying value and recoverability
of our long-lived assets when circumstances warrant such evaluation by applying the provisions of the FASB Accounting Standards
which requires that long-lived assets be reviewed for impairment whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable through the estimated undiscounted
cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets. Whenever any such impairment exists
 an impairment
loss will be recognized for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value. See the note above (g) for further
explanation.


(j)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;
Financial Instruments:

Financial
instruments
 as defined in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 consist of cash
 evidence of ownership in an entity and
contracts that both (i) impose on one entity a contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial instrument to a second
entity
 or to exchange other financial instruments on potentially unfavorable terms with the second entity
 and (ii) conveys to
that second entity a contractual right (a) to receive cash or another financial instrument from the first entity
 or (b) to exchange
other financial instruments on potentially favorable terms with the first entity. Accordingly
 our financial instruments consist
of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 notes payable
 derivative financial
instruments
 convertible debt and redeemable preferred stock that we have concluded the notes payable and derivative financial
instruments are more akin to debt than equity.

Derivative
financial instruments
 as defined in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 consist of financial instruments or other contracts
that contain a notional amount and one or more underlying (e.g. interest rate
 security price or other variable)
 require no initial
net investment and permit net settlement. Derivative financial instruments may be free-standing or embedded in other financial
instruments. Further
 prior to February 21
 2013
 derivative financial instruments were measured at fair value and recorded as
liabilities or
 in rare instances
 assets. Fair value represents the price at which the property would change hands between a
hypothetical willing and able buyer and a hypothetical willing and able seller acting at arm&#146;s length in an open and unrestricted
market
 when neither is under compulsion to buy or sell and when both have reasonable knowledge of the relevant facts.

We
generally do not use derivative financial instruments to hedge exposures to cash-flow
 market or foreign-currency risks. However
we have entered into certain other financial instruments and contracts
 such as debt financing arrangements
 redeemable preferred
stock arrangements and freestanding warrants with features that are either (i) not afforded equity classification
 (ii) embody
risks not clearly and closely related to host contracts
 or (iii) may be net-cash settled by the counterparty. As required by
the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 these instruments
 prior to February 21
 2013
 were required to be carried as derivative
liabilities
 at fair value
 in our financial statements as we were allowed to elect fair value measurement of the hybrid financial
instruments
 on a case-by-case basis
 rather than bifurcate the derivative. We believed that fair value measurement of the various
hybrid convertible promissory notes financing arrangements prior to February 21
 2013 provided a more meaningful presentation
of that financial instrument.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments
 accounts receivable
 accounts
payable and accrued expenses. We believe that the carrying amounts of the financial instruments approximate their respective current
fair values due to their relatively short maturities.


Pursuant
to the requirements of the Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures Topic of the FASB Codification
 the Company&#146;s financial
assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are classified and disclosed in one of the following three
categories:

Level
1: Financial instruments with unadjusted quoted prices listed on active market exchanges.

Level
2: Financial instruments lacking unadjusted
 quoted prices from active market exchanges
 including over the counter traded financial
instruments. The prices for the financial instruments are determined using prices for recently traded financial instruments with
similar underlying terms as well as directly or indirectly observable inputs
 such as interest rates and yield curves that are
observable at commonly quoted intervals.

Level
3: Financial instruments that are not actively traded on a market exchange. This category includes situations where there is little
if any
 market activity for the financial instrument. The prices are determined using significant unobservable inputs or valuation
techniques.

All
cash and cash equivalents are considered Level 1 measurements for all periods presented. We do not have any financial instruments
classified as Level 2. We have recorded a conversion feature liability in regards to a convertible note issued in the twelve months
ended March 31
 2015
 which are Level 3 and are further described below in note 6.

The
Company carries cash and cash equivalents
 inventory
 and accounts payable and accrued expense at historical cost which approximates
the fair value because of the short-term nature of these instruments.




    
    


The
Company recognizes revenue in accordance with the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Revenue is recognized when there is
persuasive evidence of an arrangement
 delivery has occurred or services have been rendered
 the sales price is determinable
and collectability is reasonably assured. Revenues are recognized pursuant to formal revenue arrangements with the Company&#146;s
customers
 at contracted prices
 when the Company&#146;s product is delivered to their premises
 and collectability is reasonably
assured. The Company extends merchantability warranties to its customers on its products but otherwise does not afford its customers
with rights of return. Warranty costs have been insignificant to date. In determining revenue recognition for products shipped
to this customer
 the Company follows the guidance in ASC 605
 &#147;Revenue Recognition&#148; (&#147;ASC 605&#148;).

The
Company&#146;s revenue arrangements often provide for industry-standard slotting fees where the Company makes cash payments to
the respective customer to obtain rights to place the Company&#146;s products on their retail shelves for a stipulated period
of time. We did record slotting fees for $ 0 and $875 for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 which are recorded
as reductions to the reported revenues. The Company also engages in other promotional discount and complimentary programs in order
to enhance its sales activities. The Company believes its participation in these arrangements is essential to ensuring continued
volume and revenue growth in the competitive marketplace. These payments
 discounts
 allowances and complimentary products are
recorded as reductions to the Company&#146;s reported revenue and were $17
631 and $8.002 for the year ended March 31
 2015 and
March 31
 2014 respectively.



    
Shipping and Handling
    Costs:


Shipping
and handling costs incurred to deliver products to our customers are included as a component of cost of sales. These costs amounted
to $6
989 and $22
119 for the year ended March 31
 2015 and March 31
 2014
 respectively.



    
    


We
utilize the liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under the liability method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are
determined based on the differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of the assets and liabilities and
are measured using enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect
 when the differences are expected to reverse. An allowance
against deferred tax assets is recognized
 when it is more likely than not
 that such tax benefits will not be realized. We have
recorded a 100% valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets due to uncertainty of their realization. The Company&#146;s
open tax years are from 2009 through 2015.

Our
practice is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. For the year ended March
31
 2015 and 2014
 we had no accrued interest or penalties related to income taxes. We currently have no federal or state tax
examinations in progress.



    
    


Our
basic loss per common share is computed by dividing loss applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted loss per common share is computed similar to basic loss per common share
except that diluted loss per common share includes dilutive common stock equivalents
 using the treasury stock method
 and assumes
that the convertible debt instruments were converted into common stock upon issuance
 if dilutive. For the year ended March 31
2015 and 2014
 respectively
 potential common shares arising from the our stock warrants
 stock options
 convertible preferred
stock and convertible debt and accrued interest payable amounted to 18
770
207
129 shares for 2015 and 5
724
704
499 shares for
2014 and were not included in the computation of diluted loss per share because their effect was anti-dilutive.



    
Recent Accounting
    Pronouncements Affecting the Company:


In
May 2014

606)&#148; (&#147;ASU 2014-09&#148;)

This
guidance amends the existing FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 creating a new Topic 606

Customer.
goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange
for those goods or services.


To
achieve that core principle
 an entity should apply the following steps:



    
    
Identify the contract(s)
    with the customer




    
    
Identify the performance
    obligations in the contract




    
    
Determine the transaction
    price




    
    
Allocate the transaction
    price to the performance obligations in the contract




    
    
Recognize revenue when
    (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligations


The
ASU also provides guidance on disclosures that should be provided to enable financial statement users to understand the nature
amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue recognition and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. Qualitative and quantitative
information is required about the following:



    
    
Contracts
    with customers
 disaggregation of revenue and information about contract
    balances and performance obligations (including the transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations)




    
    
Significant
    judgments and changes in judgments
    or at a point in time) and determining the transaction price and amounts allocated to performance obligations




    
    
Assets
    recognized from the costs to obtain or fulfill a contract.


ASU
2014-09 is effective for periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim reporting periods within that reporting
period for all public entities. Early application is not permitted.

Management
does not believe that any other recently issued but not yet effective accounting pronouncements
 if adopted
 would have a material
effect on the accompanying financial statements.

In
August
 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an ASU that contained guidance for the disclosure of uncertainties
about an entity&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern. There is no impact on the Company through the adoption of this
update as the Company has always provided such required disclosures on doubt about the entity&#146;s ability to continue as a
going concern for one year from the date of completion of the audit..

In
November
 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an ASU that contained guidance about derivatives and hedging and
determining whether the host contract in a hybrid financial instrument issued in the form of a share is more akin to debt or to
equity. There are predominantly two methods used in current practice by issuers and investors in evaluating whether the nature
of the host contract within a hybrid instrument issued in the form of a share is more akin to debt or to equity. This ASU is to
eliminate the use of different methods in practice. As the Company utilizes the services of an outside professional specialty
firm for such valuations
 the Company believes there is no change needed for this update.

In
February
 2015
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an ASU that contained guidance about Consolidation (Topic 810)
and amendments to the consolidation analysis. These provisions provide amendments to limited partnerships and similar legal entities.
As ABH owns the 51% majority of the World of Beer location in West Hartford which is an LLC corporation
 the Company believes
there is no change needed for this update.



    
    


Advertising
costs are charged to operations when incurred and are included in operating expenses. Advertising costs for the years ended March
31
 2015 and 2014 were $1
540 and $17
732
 respectively.



    
Concentration of
    Sales to Certain Clients


During
fiscal 2014-2015
 the Company had Phase III sales to one primary client that represented 93% of total revenues in the amount of
$66
027. We had an outstanding receivable balance of $3
839 from this entity at March 31
 2015. The rest of our gross sales of
$753
895 originated from ABH&#146;s World of Beer location in West Hartford
 Connecticut.



    
    


The
Company follows subtopic 850-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the identification of related parties and disclosure
of related party transactions.

Pursuant
to Section 850-10-20 the Related parties include (a) affiliates of the Company; (b) Entities for which investments in their equity
securities would be required
 absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825&#150;10&#150;15
to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; (c) trusts for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and
profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; (d) principal owners of the Company; (e) management
of the Company; (f) other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management
or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its
own separate interests; and (g) Other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting
parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent
that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.

The
consolidated financial statements shall include disclosures of material related party transactions
 other than compensation arrangements
expense allowances and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. However
 disclosure of transactions that are eliminated
in the preparation of consolidated or combined financial statements is not required in those statements. The disclosures shall
include: (a) the nature of the relationship(s) involved; (b) a description of the transactions
 including transactions to which
no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed
 for each of the periods for which income statements are presented
 and such other
information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the consolidated financial statements;
(c) the dollar amounts of transactions for each of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any
change in the method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding period; and d. amounts due from or to related parties
as of the date of each balance sheet presented and
 if not otherwise apparent
 the terms and manner of settlement.



    
    


The
Company follows subtopic 450-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report accounting for contingencies. Certain
conditions may exist as of the date the consolidated financial statements are issued which may result in a loss to the Company
but which will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company assesses such contingent liabilities
and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings
that are pending against the Company or un-asserted claims that may result in such proceedings
 the Company evaluates the perceived
merits of any legal proceedings or un-asserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected
to be sought therein.

If
the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred
 and the amount of the liability
can be estimated
 then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements. If the
assessment indicates that a potentially material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible
 or is probable but
cannot be estimated
 then the nature of the contingent liability and an estimate of the range of possible losses
 if determinable
and material
 would be disclosed.

Loss
contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees in which case the guarantees would
be disclosed. Management does not believe
 based upon information available at this time
 that these matters will have a material
adverse effect on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. However
 there is no
assurance that such matters will not materially and adversely affect the Company&#146;s business
 financial position and results
of operations or cash flows.











































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


















Aug. 26
 2015
Aug. 13
 2015
Nov. 11
 2014
Aug. 06
 2014
Jun. 09
 2014
Feb. 04
 2014
Oct. 01
 2013
Sep. 03
 2009
Apr. 22
 2015
Nov. 20
 2014
Jun. 26
 2014
Nov. 27
 2013
Oct. 26
 2009
Sep. 25
 2009
Aug. 21
 2009
May. 18
 2009
Mar. 31
 2015







































Loss Contingency
 Lawsuit Filing Date































 2009
 F&M Merchant Group
 LLC commenced a lawsuit in the state of Texas





Litigation Settlement
 Expense































000










































Litigation Settlement
 Amount















348





















Loss Contingency
 Settlement Agreement
 Terms































 we have not been able to make any payments. We expect to resolve this matter as soon as practical.










































Loss Contingency
 Lawsuit Filing Date





























 2009
 CH Fulfillment Services
 LLC commenced a lawsuit in the state of Alabama







Litigation Settlement
 Amount



























095


095





































106
























































































































































438








































Loss Contingency
 Lawsuit Filing Date











 2014
 Philip Terrano commenced a lawsuit in the state of Florida

























Loss Contingency
 Settlement Agreement
 Terms











 we expect to resolve this matter as soon as we can.






























































Litigation Settlement
 Amount











000

























Loss Contingency
 Settlement Agreement
 Terms




































Loss Contingency
 Damages Sought
 Value











000

























Loss Contingency
 Damages Awarded
 Value











974






























































Loss Contingency
 Lawsuit Filing Date













 2013
 Beanpot Broadcastng Corp.
 d/b/a WXRV-FM. commenced a lawsuit in the state of Massachusetts























Loss Contingency
 Settlement Agreement
 Terms













 we have not been able to make any payments. We expect to resolve this matter as soon as practical.























Loss Contingency
 Damages Sought
 Value













232























Loss Contingency
 Damages Awarded
 Value













232




























































Loss Contingency
 Damages Sought
 Value













500




























































Loss Contingency
 Damages Sought
 Value









































































Loss Contingency
 Damages Sought
 Value









































































Loss Contingency
 Damages Sought
 Value













169




























































Loss Contingency
 Lawsuit Filing Date









 2014
 North Palm Beach Broadcasting Company d/b/a/ WSVU-AM Radio filed a lawsuit in the state of Florida



























Loss Contingency
 Settlement Agreement
 Terms




































Loss Contingency
 Damages Awarded
 Value









000
































































Loss Contingency
 Damages Sought
 Value









000



























Loss Contingency
 Damages Awarded
 Value







411


































































Loss Contingency
 Lawsuit Filing Date





 2014
 C.A. Courtesy Demos
 Inc. commenced a lawsuit in the state of Florida




































































Loss Contingency
 Damages Sought
 Value





















803




















































Loss Contingency
 Lawsuit Filing Date























 2013
 we received an order of the court from The Trial Court of Massachusetts
 Small Claims Session













Loss Contingency
 Damages Awarded
 Value























500





































238


















































Loss Contingency
 Damages Sought
 Value























000













Innerworkings
 Inc [Member]




































Loss Contingency
 Lawsuit Filing Date





















 2014
 Innerworkings
 Inc. filed a lawsuit in the state of Florida















Innerworkings
 Inc [Member] | Past Due Services [Member]




































Loss Contingency
 Damages Sought
 Value





















039




















































Loss Contingency
 Lawsuit Filing Date


















On November 20
 2014
 Pavilion Law Center
 LLC filed a motion in the state
of Florida






















































Loss Contingency
 Damages Sought
 Value

833



































Loss Contingency
 Damages Awarded
 Value

000








































































Loss Contingency
 Lawsuit Filing Date
















On April 22
 2015
Edgar Agents LLC filed a lawsuit



















Loss Contingency
 Damages Sought
 Value



215














324



















Loss Contingency
 Damages Awarded
 Value

















070





































254































































































































































































































































Amount of litigation expense
 including but not limited to legal
 forensic
 accounting
 and investigative fees.




















































































States the date the complaint was formally filed in a court of law
 in arbitration or mediation.



























Description of the terms of a settlement agreement which resolved the legal matter
 including the nature of the consideration
 timing of payment
 and the nature of rights obtained or lost (for example
 but not limited to
 patent
 trademark
 copyright
 license and franchise rights).
























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















695
142





200





000





500













Total long-term convertible debt
 including current maturities

208
842







Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Paragraph 20
 22






















































Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015






Scheduel of outstanding shares of common stock are validly issued
 fully paid and non-assessable
All
of the outstanding shares of common stock are validly issued
 fully paid and non-assessable.




COMMON
    STOCK ISSUED FROM APRIL 1
 2014 THROUGH MARCH 31
 2015
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

DATE
    OF
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
15
912
500
    
    
    
6
365
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
8
000
000
    
    
    
3
200
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
12
000
000
    
    
    
4
800
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
9
067
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
627
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
10
000
000
    
    
    
5
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
10
000
000
    
    
    
5
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
22
441
780
    
    
    
6
925
    
    
    
4
296
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
11
312
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
656
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
9
600
000
    
    
    
4
800
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
26
628
740
    
    
    
13
250
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
12
000
000
    
    
    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
12
000
000
    
    
    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
12
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
800
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
14
000
000
    
    
    
5
600
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
14
000
000
    
    
    
5
600
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
14
000
000
    
    
    
5
600
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
14
000
000
    
    
    
5
600
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
26
644
475
    
    
    
11
200
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
14
000
000
    
    
    
5
600
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
15
000
000
    
    
    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
15
800
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
6
320
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
18
136
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
9
068
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
20
000
000
    
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
26
642
000
    
    
    
13
300
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
26
655
000
    
    
    
5
310
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
56
546
850
    
    
    
11
275
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
22
061
200
    
    
    
4
405
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
40
115
050
    
    
    
2
960
    
    
    
5
063
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
62
500
000
    
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
58
680
556
    
    
    
16
900
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
19
687
500
    
    
    
3
150
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
50
625
000
    
    
    
8
100
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
70
673
077
    
    
    
14
700
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
44
687
500
    
    
    
7
150
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
39
062
500
    
    
    
6
250
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
43
750
000
    
    
    
7
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
81
250
000
    
    
    
6
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




A
summary of option activity under these stock option plans for the year ended March 31
 2015 is presented below:




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(in
    years)
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
60
180
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
10
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
804
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
10
058
376
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(4
172
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at
    3/31/15
    
    
10
054
204
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    







Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average exercise prices (or conversion ratios) for share options (or share units) that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015







The
following table provides the liabilities carried at fair value measured on a recurring basis as of March 31
 2015:&#160;



    
    
    
    
    
Fair
    Value Measurements at March 31
 2015
    

    
    
    
    
    

 2015
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
868
857
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
868
857
    



































Tabular disclosure of assets and liabilities
 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Jan. 10
 2013
Sep. 16
 2013
Dec. 21
 2011
May. 25
 2010
Mar. 31
 2011






























000
000












The number of shares
 of each year for
a period of 9 years commencing January 1
 2014 in an amount equal to the lesser of 5% of the total number of shares of common
 of the preceding calendar year or 30
000 shares. Revised number is now 1
060
000
as of March 31
 2014. No stock awards have been granted as of March 31
 2015.






















































997


656











000
000


204









































500















578



Stock issued during period
 value
 issued for services









000













000













922



























































































































Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example
 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.


















































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.




























Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014











200


000



Extinguishment Convertible Note Financing Due February 21
 2013 [Member]















500





Extinguishment Convertible Note Financing Due February 21
 2013 [Member] | ALLONGE No. 8 [Member]















  2013







500





Extinguishment Convertible Note Financing Due February 21
 2013 [Member] | ALLONGE No. 9 [Member]















  2013







000





Extinguishment Convertible Note Financing Due February 21
 2013 [Member] | ALLONGE No. 10 [Member]















  2013







000





Extinguishment Convertible Note Financing Due February 21
 2013 [Member] | ALLONGE No. 11 [Member]















  2013







500





Extinguishment Convertible Note Financing Due February 21
 2013 [Member] | ALLONGE No. 12 [Member]















  2013







000





Extinguishment Convertible Note Financing Due February 21
 2013 [Member] | ALLONGE No. 13 [Member]















  2013







000





Extinguishment Convertible Note Financing Due February 21
 2013 [Member] | ALLONGE No. 14 [Member]















  2013







000





Extinguishment Convertible Note Financing Due February 21
 2013 [Member] | ALLONGE No. 15 [Member]















  2013







000





Extinguishment Convertible Note Financing Due February 21
 2013 [Member] | ALLONGE No. 16 [Member]















  2014







000





Extinguishment Convertible Note Financing Due February 21
 2013 [Member] | ALLONGE No. 17 [Member]















  2014







500





Extinguishment Convertible Note Financing Due February 21
 2013 [Member] | ALLONGE No. 18 [Member]















  2014







000



































































The cash inflow from the issuance of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.













































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015









The components
    of the Company&#146;s deferred tax assets and liabilities as of &#160;March 31
 2015 and 2014 are as follows:





    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
8
745
372
    
    
    
5
999
692
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
10
691
    

Accrued expenses that are deductible in
    future periods
    
    
43
021
    
    
    
38
808
    

Depreciation method
    differences
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
8
788
426
    
    
    
6
049
191
    

    
    
    
(8
788
426
    
    
    
(6
049
191
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net deferred tax
    assets
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




The
following table illustrates the reconciliation of the tax benefit at the federal statutory rate to the Company&#146;s effective
rate for the period ending March 31
 2014 and 2013:





    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Benefit
    at federal statutory rate
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Benefit at state
    rate
 net of federal deficit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fair value adjustment
    of convertible debt
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Non-deductible derivative
    loss
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Loss on extinguishment
    of debt
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Non-deductible travel
    expenses
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Benefit
    at the Company&#146;s effective rate
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Less
    valuation allowance effective tax rate
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



































Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015







Future
minimum rental payments for the new office lease
 based on the current adjusted minimum monthly amount of $4
320 and excluding
variable common area maintenance charges
 as of March 31
 2015
 are as follows:




Years
    ending March 31

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
52
540
    

    
    
    
    
    
53
146
    

    
    
    
    
    
44
730
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
150
416
    













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]





Note
2 - &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Going Concern and Management&#146;s Plans:

As
reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements
 the Company has incurred accumulated operating losses of $36
784
717
and negative cash flows from operations and has a significant working capital deficiency in the amount of $16
942
378 at March
31
 2015. The Company has been dependent upon third party financing and will continue to depend on additional financing for at
least the next twelve months. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going
concern.

During
2016
 the Company plans to file a registration statement to provide working capital as needed to increase operations and sales
efficiencies through the need to implement sales and marketing programs to increase awareness of the Company&#146;s products as
well as to pay for slotting fees for certain retail channels of revenues. The Company plans to increase its sales
 primarily by
significantly increasing its sales force and partnering with new distributors
 as well as offering new products in the next twelve
months. The Company&#146;s margins are expected to improve as a result of increased sales
 expected economies of scale due to
anticipated lower product costs based on increased volumes per production run and lower transportation costs from the expected
shipment of full truck loads. However
 the Company will work to reduce its dependency on third party financing during the next
twelve months. There is no assurance that further funding will be available at acceptable terms
 if at all
 or that the Company
will be able to achieve profitability. Ultimately
 the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon
the achievement of profitable operations. The accompanying financial statements do not reflect any adjustments that may result
from the outcome of this uncertainty.



































The entire disclosure when substantial doubt is raised about the ability to continue as a going concern. Includes
 but is not limited to
 principal conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern
 management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the ability to meet its obligations
 and management's plans that alleviated or are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015







See
below for a summary:




    

    

MARCH 31
 2015

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
53
878
    
    
    
738
465
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
792
343
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
154
999
    
    
    
209
908
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
364
907
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(101
121
    
    
    
528
557
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
427
436
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
204
323
    
    
    
467
378
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
671
701
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(3
711
923
    
    
    
(53
089
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
765
012
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(5
017
206
    
    
    
7
929
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(5
009
277
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(21
596
    
    
    
(21
596
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(5
017
206
    
    
    
7
929
    
    
    
(21
596
    
    
    
(5
030
873
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
36
510
    
    
    
315
506
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
352
016
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
56
145
    
    
    
1
525
753
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
581
898
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
16
985
040
    
    
    
1
542
626
    
    
    
(3
390
    
    
    
18
524
276
    






    

    

MARCH 31
 2014

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
182
582
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
182
582
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
164
639
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
164
639
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
17
943
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
17
943
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
765
360
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
765
360
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
535
402
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
535
402
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(212
015
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(212
015
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(212
015
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(212
015
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
55
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
55
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
86
221
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
86
221
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
421
740
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
12
421
740
    







Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








972


278





290












































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding [Roll Forward]






Outstanding
 beginning

058
376


180







000
000



















172)


804)



Outstanding
 ending

054
204


058
376



Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price [Roll Forward]






Outstanding
 beginning


































Outstanding
 ending






Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Average Remaining Contractual Term [Roll Forward]






Outstanding
 ending













Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value [Roll Forward]






Outstanding
 beginning






Outstanding
 ending










Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards granted
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Share-based compensation arrangement by share-ased payment award
 options outstanding
 aggregate intrinsic value rollforward.












































































































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.






































































































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30







































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014











591


615





478


422



Inventories less reserve for abandoned property of $2
339 and allowance for obsolescence of $90
000 at March 31
 2015 and allowance for obsolescence of $44
107 at March 31
 2014

797


090





150


873





016


000



FIXED ASSETS
 NET

013
141


491












059





Trademarks
 net

537


834





145







741


730





581
898


221












911
005


667
615





757
764


733
308





868
857


993
393





000


000





195
794


891
182





499)


511
738)





016


517





767







463


463





349
167


321
740












500


000





391)







109


000










Series A and A-1 convertible preferred stock par value $0.00001 per share
 20
000
000 shares authorized
 9
000
051 shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2015 and March 31
 2014
 respectively






Common stock
 par value $0.00001
 20
000
000
000 shares authorized and 1
161
193
362 and 181
714
134 shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2015 and March 31
 2014
 respectively

612


817





830
637


416
418





784
717)


753
844)





942
378)


335
519)





581
898


221






























































































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.



























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.
























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold or consumed after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
























































Short-Term financing which is expected to be paid back relatively quickly
 such as by a subsequent longer-term loan. Also called swing loan or bridge financing.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of long-term debt (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer) identified as Convertible Notes Payable
 excluding current portion. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the portion of long-term debt due within one year or the operating cycle if longer identified as Convertible Notes Payable. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.




























Carrying value of amounts transferred to third parties for security purposes that are expected to be returned or applied towards payment after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer.




























Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled within one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.



























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).



























Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))



























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.



























Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount of obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
 -Paragraph 22
 23
 24
 25
 26
 27




















































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.



























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.



























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















Feb. 21
 2013
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 24
 2015
Feb. 24
 2015
Jan. 23
 2015
Jan. 14
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Mar. 31
 2014
Jun. 07
 2013
Jun. 05
 2013
Apr. 09
 2013





































195
794


195
794


195
794












891
182
















879






























214




























177
795


177
795


177
795












479
444









4% Convertible Note Financing Due February 21
 2015 [Member]






























































370
944































The conversion price per share is equal to seventy-five percent (75%)
of the average of the three lowest closing bid prices for the Common stock as reported by Bloomberg L.P. for the principal market
for the twenty trading days preceding a conversion date but in no event greater than $10.00. Each conversion submitted by a holder
must be at least the lesser of (i) $10
000 of principal and interest or (ii) the balance due on the note.




























































413
574


413
574


413
574












554
182








































































327



























Convertible Note Financing Due December 31
 2014 (Issued To SC Advisors/Southridge Partners II LP ) [Member]
































































000


000


000

























The notes can be converted into shares of Common
Stock six months after issuance at a conversion price to equal the current market price multiplied by eighty percent (80%). Current
market price means the average of the closing bid prices for the common stock for the five (5) trading days ending on the trading
day immediately before the relevant conversion date. Total conversions of $94
480 have been made for these convertible notes.






























960




480


























000


000


000


























520


520


520












000









Convertible Note Financing Due June 7
 2014 [Member]


















































































000











The note maybe converted into shares of common
stock after a six month holding period at a conversion price to equal the current market price multiplied by eighty percent (80%).
Current market price means the average of the closing bid prices for the common stock for the five (5) trading days ending on
the trading day immediately before the relevant conversion date. No conversions have been made on these notes.






























000


000


000












000









4% Convertible Note Financing Due May 13
2015 (Issued to Accredited Investor) [Member]
































































200


200


200

























The conversion price per share is equal to seventy-five
percent (75%) of the average of the three lowest closing bid prices for the common stock as reported by Bloomberg L.P. for the
principal market for the twenty trading days preceding a conversion date but in no event greater than $.02. Each conversion submitted
by the holder must be at least the lesser of (i) $1
000 of principal and interest or (ii) the balance due on the note. Conversion
will be calculated to the hundredth of a penny (e.g. $0.0001).






























200


200


200





















10% Convertible Note Financing Due December 22
 2016 [Member]
































































000


000


000

























The conversion price per share is equal to seventy-five
percent (75%) of the average of the three lowest closing bid prices for the common stock as reported by Bloomberg L.P. for the
principal market for the ten trading days preceding a conversion date but in no event greater than $.02. Debt holder is limited
to conversions up to 4.99% of the outstanding shares of the Common Stock.






























000


000


000





















10% Two Convertible Notes Financing Due December 24
 2015 (Issued By Attitude Beer Holding Co) [Member]






































































250


000


000




250















The conversion price for the principal and interest
shall be either: (i) if ABH&#146;s common stock is traded on a trading market
 the conversion price shall be 50% of the lowest
bid price for the previous 50 trading days; (ii) if ABH&#146;s common stock is traded on a trading market
 and there is a DTC
chill on ABH&#146;s common stock
 the conversion price shall be 60% of the lowest bid price for the previous 50 trading days;
or (iii) if ABH&#146;s common stock is not traded on a trading market
 it shall be $0.40. Debt holder is limited to conversions
up to 4.99% of the outstanding shares of the Common Stock. There have been no conversions of these convertible notes.






























204
500


204
500


204
500





















10% Convertible Note Financing due January 14
 2017 [Member]































































All notes have the same maturity date of January
14
 2017 and the same interest rate of ten percent (10%). All three notes contain the same conversion language as follows: the
conversion price per share shall be equal to seventy-five (75%) of the average of the three lowest closing bid prices for the
Common Stock as reported by Bloomberg L.P. for the principal market for the ten trading days preceding a conversion date but in
no event greater than $.02. There have been no conversions of these convertible notes.






























500


500


500





















10% Convertible Note Financing due January 14
 2017 [Member]












































































500













10% Convertible Note Financing due January 14
 2017 [Member]












































































500













10% Convertible Note Financing due January 14
 2017 [Member]












































































500













Class A Warrants [Member] | 4% Convertible Note Financing Due February 21
 2015 [Member]






























































000



























Extinguishment Convertible Note Financing Due February 21
 2013 [Member]






























































020
944



























Extinguishment Convertible Note Financing Due February 21
 2013 [Member] | 4% Convertible Note Financing Due February 21
 2015 [Member]






























































020
944



























Extinguishment Convertible Note Financing Due February 21
 2013 [Member] | Convertible Note Financing Due December 31
 2014 (Issued To SC Advisors/Southridge Partners II LP ) [Member]
































































040


040


040
















000


000



Extinguishment Convertible Note Financing Due February 21
 2013 [Member] | Class A Warrants [Member]






























































003



































 2013 were surrendered to the Company through a February 21
 2013 exchange agreement whereas the Company issued new face value consolidated notes per debt holder for a total amount of $5
020
944
 $350
000 face value in new notes for the surrender of 425
003 Class A warrants plus $121
327 in a new note for work rendered for this consolidated financing for a grand total of $5
492
271. The principal amount of the above $5
547
372 balance equals the original $5
492
271 total financing plus allonges for $767
500 less conversions of $712





000 face value for December
 2012 through March 31
 2015 for a total original amount of $700
000 less conversions of $94





000 face value issued June 7





000 on December 12





 2014 through March





200 on May 13





500
 $13
500 and $31
500 to three different accredited investors on January 14


































































Monthly carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the portion of long-term debt due within one year or the operating cycle if longer identified as Convertible Notes Payable. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the portion of long-term debt due within one year or the operating cycle if longer identified as Convertible Notes Payable. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.






















































































Description of the conversion terms of a debt instrument which may include the conversion ratio (including all potential conversion ratios if contingently adjustable)
 type of debt or equity security into which the debt is convertible
 the dollars of debt or the number of shares into which the instrument is convertible (or potentially convertible into)
 the conversion period
 any contingencies associated with the conversion terms
 and the existence and amount of a beneficial conversion feature.





















































































This element represents the portion of the balance sheet assertion valued at fair value by the entity whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally
 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission. This item represents the amount of short-term debt existing as of the balance sheet date.








































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014











030
873)


015)












154


685







997





000


000







007)





817)


359
968)





629







512
756


842





596














056)


677





526)


237





046)


631












489
463


426
981





076
364


940)












023
911)


910)





500)







944)














256
355)


365)












767







200


000







505





500


000)





500)







967


505





976


200





615


415





591


615


























































































































































































































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.



























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.




























The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.

























































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.






















































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period
 excluding the portion taken into income
 in the liability reflecting revenue yet to be earned for which cash or other forms of consideration was received or recorded as a receivable.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.


















































































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.























































The expense charged against earnings to eliminate the capitalized costs of projects that have been terminated during the reporting period
 which is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by (used in) operations using the indirect method.

























































The cash outflow to acquire asset without physical form usually arising from contractual or other legal rights
 excluding goodwill.






















































































Amount of cash outflow to a noncontrolling interest. Includes
 but not limited to
 reduction of noncontrolling interest ownership. Excludes dividends paid to the noncontrolling interest.




























The cash inflow from the issuance of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.

























































The cash inflow from a borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of expense related to write-down of receivables to the amount expected to be collected. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and notes receivable.




























The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















721
000



Operating Loss Carryforwards
 Expiration Date

  2028



































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.




























Expiration date of each operating loss carryforward included in operating loss carryforward
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014











235







901


197





000)


107)





339)







797


090


























































































































Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Jul. 29
 2015
Jun. 25
 2015
Apr. 21
 2015
Aug. 18
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014


Common stock
 shares authorized









000
000
000


000
000
000



Preferred stock 
 shares authorized










000
000


000
000


















Preferred stock 
 shares authorized










000
000





















































Our outstanding shares of common stock by a ratio of not less than 1-for-50
and not greater than 1-for-100 with the Board of Directors to determine the exact ratio


























Preferred stock 
 shares authorized




000


























Common stock
 shares authorized







500
000
000




























990
000















000




























































300















300
000


























000
































































295
500
000













































833
333













































000
000









































000


































619
375















750
000






























792















250
000













Additiinal maximum carrying value as of the balance sheet date
 including the current and noncurrent portions
 of collateralized debt obligations (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer). Such obligations include mortgage loans
 chattel loans
 and any other borrowings secured by assets of the borrower.




























Period of time between issuance and maturity of warrant
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






















































































Number of securities into which the class of warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.






















































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date
 including the current and noncurrent portions
 of collateralized debt obligations (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer). Such obligations include mortgage loans
 chattel loans
 and any other borrowings secured by assets of the borrower.
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22



























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30





































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015







(a)
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Principles of Consolidation:

The
Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Attitude Drinks Incorporated and its wholly-owned subsidiary
Attitude Drink Company
 Inc.
 and majority owned subsidiary
 Attitude Beer Holding Co. All material intercompany balances and
transactions have been eliminated as well as the recording of applicable minority interest transactions to eliminate minority
ownerships implications including consolidation adjustments.



(b)
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Use of Estimates:

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. The most significant estimate included in the Company&#146;s financial statements is the following:
Fair value of the Company&#146;s financial instruments that are required to be carried at fair value. The Company uses all available
information and appropriate techniques to develop its estimates
 including the use of outside consultants. However
 actual results
could differ from the Company&#146;s estimates.



(c)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;
Business Segment and Geographic Information:

The
Company currently operates in one dominant industry segment that it has defined as the sports-recovery drink industry. However
its next two products will enter into the functional milk category. Presently
 there is no international business
 although the
Company may pursue the sale of its products in international markets during the next fiscal year. In addition
 the Company&#146;s
subsidiary at the time opened its first World of Beer franchise location in Connecticut in late January
 2015
 and ABH plans to
open additional locations in the New England areas based on available financing capital.



(d)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;
Cash and Cash Equivalents:

The
Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with a remaining maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.




(e)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;
Inventories:

Inventories
which consist of finished goods and raw materials
 are stated at the lower of cost on the first in
 first-out method or market.
Further
 the Company&#146;s inventories are perishable. The Company estimates for each fiscal quarter any unsalable inventory
reserves based upon a specific identification basis. The components of inventories as of March 31
 2015 and March 31
 2014 are
below:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
March
    31
 2015
    
    
March
    31
 2014
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
88
235
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
116
901
    
    
    
74
197
    
    

    
    
    
(90
000
    
    
    
(44
107
    
    

    
    
    
(2
339
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
112
797
    
    
    
30
090
    




(f)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;
Fixed Assets:

Fixed
assets are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over a period of ten years for furniture and
certain bar equipment
 three years for corporate computer equipment and purchased software plus five years for World of Beer computer
and point of sale systems. Maintenance
 repairs and minor renewals are charged directly to expenses as incurred. Additions and
betterments to property and equipment are capitalized. When assets are disposed of
 the related cost and accumulated depreciation
thereon are removed from the accounts
 and any resulting gain or loss is included in the statement of operations. Leasehold improvements
for the World of Beer location are depreciated over the life of the lease or twenty years. See footnote 4 for more details.



(g)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;
Capitalized Pre-Opening Expenses &#150; World of Beer 

Certain
pre-opening expenses such as capitalized franchise fees
 interest
 legal costs
 startup and organization costs are recorded as
long term assets and are amortized over fifteen years unless certain capitalized costs have a shorter life period to amortize.
Any incurred costs that are at best uncertain and fail to satisfy the suggested measurability test for accounting recognition
as an asset are expensed.&#160;&#160;


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
66
734
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
45
000
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
28
857
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
22
615
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
19
557
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
25
181
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(3
885
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
204
059
    
    
    
    



Amortization
expense amounted to $3
885 and $0 for the years ended March 31
 2015 and March 31
 2014
 respectively.



(h)
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Trademarks:



    
    
Trademarks are being amortized on a straight-line basis over fifteen
    years. The following table summarizes the components of the Company&#146;s trademarks:




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
March
    31
 2015
    
March
    31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
32
151
    
    
32
151
    

    
    
    
(27
614
    
    
(27
317
    

    
    
    
4
537
    
    
4
834
    



Amortization
expense amounted to $297 and $407 for the years ended March 31
 2015 and March 31
 2014
 respectively.



(i)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets:

Our
long-lived assets consist principally of trademarks
 furniture and equipment. We evaluate the carrying value and recoverability
of our long-lived assets when circumstances warrant such evaluation by applying the provisions of the FASB Accounting Standards
which requires that long-lived assets be reviewed for impairment whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable through the estimated undiscounted
cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets. Whenever any such impairment exists
 an impairment
loss will be recognized for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value. See the note above (g) for further
explanation.



(j)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;
Financial Instruments:

Financial
instruments
 as defined in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 consist of cash
 evidence of ownership in an entity and
contracts that both (i) impose on one entity a contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial instrument to a second
entity
 or to exchange other financial instruments on potentially unfavorable terms with the second entity
 and (ii) conveys to
that second entity a contractual right (a) to receive cash or another financial instrument from the first entity
 or (b) to exchange
other financial instruments on potentially favorable terms with the first entity. Accordingly
 our financial instruments consist
of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 notes payable
 derivative financial
instruments
 convertible debt and redeemable preferred stock that we have concluded the notes payable and derivative financial
instruments are more akin to debt than equity.

Derivative
financial instruments
 as defined in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 consist of financial instruments or other contracts
that contain a notional amount and one or more underlying (e.g. interest rate
 security price or other variable)
 require no initial
net investment and permit net settlement. Derivative financial instruments may be free-standing or embedded in other financial
instruments. Further
 prior to February 21
 2013
 derivative financial instruments were measured at fair value and recorded as
liabilities or
 in rare instances
 assets. Fair value represents the price at which the property would change hands between a
hypothetical willing and able buyer and a hypothetical willing and able seller acting at arm&#146;s length in an open and unrestricted
market
 when neither is under compulsion to buy or sell and when both have reasonable knowledge of the relevant facts.

We
generally do not use derivative financial instruments to hedge exposures to cash-flow
 market or foreign-currency risks. However
we have entered into certain other financial instruments and contracts
 such as debt financing arrangements
 redeemable preferred
stock arrangements and freestanding warrants with features that are either (i) not afforded equity classification
 (ii) embody
risks not clearly and closely related to host contracts
 or (iii) may be net-cash settled by the counterparty. As required by
the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 these instruments
 prior to February 21
 2013
 were required to be carried as derivative
liabilities
 at fair value
 in our financial statements as we were allowed to elect fair value measurement of the hybrid financial
instruments
 on a case-by-case basis
 rather than bifurcate the derivative. We believed that fair value measurement of the various
hybrid convertible promissory notes financing arrangements prior to February 21
 2013 provided a more meaningful presentation
of that financial instrument.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments
 accounts receivable
 accounts
payable and accrued expenses. We believe that the carrying amounts of the financial instruments approximate their respective current
fair values due to their relatively short maturities.

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures Topic of the FASB Codification
 the Company&#146;s financial
assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are classified and disclosed in one of the following three
categories:

Level
1: Financial instruments with unadjusted quoted prices listed on active market exchanges.

Level
2: Financial instruments lacking unadjusted
 quoted prices from active market exchanges
 including over the counter traded financial
instruments. The prices for the financial instruments are determined using prices for recently traded financial instruments with
similar underlying terms as well as directly or indirectly observable inputs
 such as interest rates and yield curves that are
observable at commonly quoted intervals.

Level
3: Financial instruments that are not actively traded on a market exchange. This category includes situations where there is little
if any
 market activity for the financial instrument. The prices are determined using significant unobservable inputs or valuation
techniques.

All
cash and cash equivalents are considered Level 1 measurements for all periods presented. We do not have any financial instruments
classified as Level 2. We have recorded a conversion feature liability in regards to a convertible note issued in the twelve months
ended March 31
 2015
 which are Level 3 and are further described below in note 6.

The
Company carries cash and cash equivalents
 inventory
 and accounts payable and accrued expense at historical cost which approximates
the fair value because of the short-term nature of these instruments.





    
    


The
Company recognizes revenue in accordance with the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Revenue is recognized when there is
persuasive evidence of an arrangement
 delivery has occurred or services have been rendered
 the sales price is determinable
and collectability is reasonably assured. Revenues are recognized pursuant to formal revenue arrangements with the Company&#146;s
customers
 at contracted prices
 when the Company&#146;s product is delivered to their premises
 and collectability is reasonably
assured. The Company extends merchantability warranties to its customers on its products but otherwise does not afford its customers
with rights of return. Warranty costs have been insignificant to date. In determining revenue recognition for products shipped
to this customer
 the Company follows the guidance in ASC 605
 &#147;Revenue Recognition&#148; (&#147;ASC 605&#148;).

The
Company&#146;s revenue arrangements often provide for industry-standard slotting fees where the Company makes cash payments to
the respective customer to obtain rights to place the Company&#146;s products on their retail shelves for a stipulated period
of time. We did record slotting fees for $ 0 and $875 for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 which are recorded
as reductions to the reported revenues. The Company also engages in other promotional discount and complimentary programs in order
to enhance its sales activities. The Company believes its participation in these arrangements is essential to ensuring continued
volume and revenue growth in the competitive marketplace. These payments
 discounts
 allowances and complimentary products are
recorded as reductions to the Company&#146;s reported revenue and were $17
631 and $8.002 for the year ended March 31
 2015 and
March 31
 2014 respectively.





    
Shipping and Handling
    Costs:


Shipping
and handling costs incurred to deliver products to our customers are included as a component of cost of sales. These costs amounted
to $6
989 and $22
119 for the year ended March 31
 2015 and March 31
 2014
 respectively.





    
    


We
utilize the liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under the liability method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are
determined based on the differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of the assets and liabilities and
are measured using enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect
 when the differences are expected to reverse. An allowance
against deferred tax assets is recognized
 when it is more likely than not
 that such tax benefits will not be realized. We have
recorded a 100% valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets due to uncertainty of their realization. The Company&#146;s
open tax years are from 2009 through 2015

Our
practice is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. For the year ended March
31
 2015 and 2014
 we had no accrued interest or penalties related to income taxes. We currently have no federal or state tax
examinations in progress.





    
    


Our
basic loss per common share is computed by dividing loss applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted loss per common share is computed similar to basic loss per common share
except that diluted loss per common share includes dilutive common stock equivalents
 using the treasury stock method
 and assumes
that the convertible debt instruments were converted into common stock upon issuance
 if dilutive. For the year ended March 31
2015 and 2014
 respectively
 potential common shares arising from the our stock warrants
 stock options
 convertible preferred
stock and convertible debt and accrued interest payable amounted to 18
770
207
129 shares for 2015 and 5
724
704
499 shares for
2014 and were not included in the computation of diluted loss per share because their effect was anti-dilutive.





    
Recent Accounting
    Pronouncements Affecting the Company:


In
May 2014

606)&#148; (&#147;ASU 2014-09&#148;)

This
guidance amends the existing FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 creating a new Topic 606

Customer.
goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange
for those goods or services.



To
achieve that core principle
 an entity should apply the following steps:



    
    
Identify the contract(s)
    with the customer




    
    
Identify the performance
    obligations in the contract




    
    
Determine the transaction
    price




    
    
Allocate the transaction
    price to the performance obligations in the contract




    
    
Recognize revenue when
    (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligations


The
ASU also provides guidance on disclosures that should be provided to enable financial statement users to understand the nature
amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue recognition and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. Qualitative and quantitative
information is required about the following:



    
    
Contracts
    with customers
 disaggregation of revenue and information about contract
    balances and performance obligations (including the transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations)




    
    
Significant
    judgments and changes in judgments
    or at a point in time) and determining the transaction price and amounts allocated to performance obligations




    
    
Assets
    recognized from the costs to obtain or fulfill a contract.


ASU
2014-09 is effective for periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim reporting periods within that reporting
period for all public entities. Early application is not permitted.

Management
does not believe that any other recently issued but not yet effective accounting pronouncements
 if adopted
 would have a material
effect on the accompanying financial statements.

In
August
 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an ASU that contained guidance for the disclosure of uncertainties
about an entity&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern. There is no impact on the Company through the adoption of this
update as the Company has always provided such required disclosures on doubt about the entity&#146;s ability to continue as a
going concern for one year from the date of completion of the audit..

In
November
 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an ASU that contained guidance about derivatives and hedging and
determining whether the host contract in a hybrid financial instrument issued in the form of a share is more akin to debt or to
equity. There are predominantly two methods used in current practice by issuers and investors in evaluating whether the nature
of the host contract within a hybrid instrument issued in the form of a share is more akin to debt or to equity. This ASU is to
eliminate the use of different methods in practice. As the Company utilizes the services of an outside professional specialty
firm for such valuations
 the Company believes there is no change needed for this update.

In
February
 2015
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an ASU that contained guidance about Consolidation (Topic 810)
and amendments to the consolidation analysis. These provisions provide amendments to limited partnerships and similar legal entities.
As ABH owns the 51% majority of the World of Beer location in West Hartford which is an LLC corporation
 the Company believes
there is no change needed for this update.





    
    


Advertising
costs are charged to operations when incurred and are included in operating expenses. Advertising costs for the years ended March
31
 2015 and 2014 were $1
540 and $17
732
 respectively.





    
Concentration of
    Sales to Certain Clients


During
fiscal 2014-2015
 the Company had Phase III sales to one primary client that represented 93% of total revenues in the amount of
$66
027. We had an outstanding receivable balance of $3
839 from this entity at March 31
 2015. The rest of our gross sales of
$753
895 originated from ABH&#146;s World of Beer location in West Hartford
 Connecticut.





    
    


The
Company follows subtopic 850-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the identification of related parties and disclosure
of related party transactions.

Pursuant
to Section 850-10-20 the Related parties include (a) affiliates of the Company; (b) Entities for which investments in their equity
securities would be required
 absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825&#150;10&#150;15
to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; (c) trusts for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and
profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; (d) principal owners of the Company; (e) management
of the Company; (f) other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management
or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its
own separate interests; and (g) Other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting
parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent
that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.

The
consolidated financial statements shall include disclosures of material related party transactions
 other than compensation arrangements
expense allowances and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. However
 disclosure of transactions that are eliminated
in the preparation of consolidated or combined financial statements is not required in those statements. The disclosures shall
include: (a) the nature of the relationship(s) involved; (b) a description of the transactions
 including transactions to which
no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed
 for each of the periods for which income statements are presented
 and such other
information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the consolidated financial statements;
(c) the dollar amounts of transactions for each of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any
change in the method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding period; and d. amounts due from or to related parties
as of the date of each balance sheet presented and
 if not otherwise apparent
 the terms and manner of settlement.





    
    


The
Company follows subtopic 450-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report accounting for contingencies. Certain
conditions may exist as of the date the consolidated financial statements are issued which may result in a loss to the Company
but which will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company assesses such contingent liabilities
and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings
that are pending against the Company or un-asserted claims that may result in such proceedings
 the Company evaluates the perceived
merits of any legal proceedings or un-asserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected
to be sought therein.

If
the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred
 and the amount of the liability
can be estimated
 then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements. If the
assessment indicates that a potentially material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible
 or is probable but
cannot be estimated
 then the nature of the contingent liability and an estimate of the range of possible losses
 if determinable
and material
 would be disclosed.

Loss
contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees in which case the guarantees would
be disclosed. Management does not believe
 based upon information available at this time
 that these matters will have a material
adverse effect on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. However
 there is
no assurance that such matters will not materially and adversely affect the Company&#146;s business
 financial position and results
of operations or cash flows.































































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.























































Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.



























Disclosure of accounting policy for commitments and contingencies
 which may include policies for recognizing and measuring loss and gain contingencies.























































Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
 -Section 02
 03


























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.



















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
























































Disclosure of accounting policy for major classes of inventories
 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
 -Subparagraph i
 ii


























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.



























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
























































Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014











734







000







857







615







557







181







885)







059


























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]





The Company&#146;s fixed assets are
comprised of the following as of March 31
 2015 and 2014 :



    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

082

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

013

    
    
    


    



    
    
    
    



































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.



































/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]





Note
1 &#150;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Organization and Nature of Business:

Attitude
Drinks Incorporated
 a Delaware corporation
 and subsidiaries (&#147;the Company&#148;) are engaged in the development and sale
of functional beverages
 primarily in the United States as well as during the year ended March 31
 2015 was engaged in the development
and operations of World of Beer franchise locations
 mainly in the New England area.

The
Company&#146;s fiscal year end is March 31. Its plan of operation during the next twelve months is to focus on the non-alcoholic
single serving beverage business
 developing and marketing products in two fast growing segments: sports recovery and functional
dairy. In addition
 ABH plans to open new World of Beer franchise locations based on available financing capital.

April
2015 Material definitive Agreement

On
April 21
 2015
 &#147;HVWC&#148; purchased ABH by entering into a Purchase Agreement (the &#147;Purchase Agreement&#148;)
with the three original shareholders of Attitude Beer Holding Co.
 a Delaware corporation (&#147;ABH&#148;)
 namely
 the Company
Alpha Capital Anstalt
 a company organized under the laws of Liechtenstein (&#147;Alpha&#148;) and Tarpon Bay Partners LLC
a Florida limited liability company (&#147;Tarpon Bay&#148;)
 pursuant to which the shareholders sold to HVWC all of the outstanding
shares of stock of ABH
 and ABH thereupon became a wholly owned subsidiary of HVWC. In consideration for the purchase of the shares
of common stock of ABH
&#160;HVWC issued: (i) to Attitude Drinks
 51 shares of a newly created Series B Preferred Stock of HVWC
(the &#147;Series B Preferred Stock&#148;) and a seven year warrant (the &#147;B Warrant&#148;) to purchase 5
000
000 shares
of HVWC&#146;s common stock
 par value $.0001 per share (the &#147;Common Stock&#148;)
 at an exercise price of $0.075 per
share (subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments); (ii) to Alpha
 a secured convertible note due April 20
 2017 (the &#147;Secured
Convertible Note&#148;) in the principal amount of $1
619
375 a seven year warrant (the &#147;Alpha Warrant&#148;)
 to purchase
1
295
500
500
 shares of HVWC&#146;s Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.0025 per share (subject to customary anti-dilution
adjustments)
 and an additional investment right (&#147;AIR&#148;) to purchase up to $3
750
000 in additional notes (the &#147;AIR
Note&#148;) and corresponding warrants (&#147;the &#147;AIR Warrant&#148;); and (iii) to Tarpon
 a Secured Convertible Note
in the principal amount of $554
792
 a seven year warrant (the &#147;Tarpon Warrant&#148;) to purchase 443
833
333 shares of
HVWC&#146;s Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.0025 per share (subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments)
 and an AIR
to purchase up to $1
250
000 in additional notes and corresponding AIR Warrants.&#160; In addition
 Alpha acquired 32
300 shares
of the HVWC&#146;s Series A Preferred Stock (convertible into 32
300
000 shares of HVWC&#146;s Common Stock) from HVW Holdings
LLC (an entity of which Mr. James Giordano
 the Company&#146;s prior Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
 is the
managing member)
 subject to the terms of a Purchase Agreement (the &#147;Series A Purchase Agreement&#148;). The Company purchased
87
990
000 shares of HVWC&#146;s Common Stock from HVW Holdings LLC at a price of $65
000
 subject to the terms of a Purchase
Agreement (the &#147;Common Stock Purchase Agreement&#148;). The Alpha Warrant and the Tarpon Warrant are collectively referred
to herein as the &#147;A Warrants&#148; and the B Warrant and the A Warrants are collectively referred to herein as the &#147;Warrants.&#148;&#160;

In
December 2014
 ABH entered into a joint venture with New England World of Beer and together opened a 4
000 sq. foot tavern in
West Hartford (&#147;West Hartford WOB&#148;)
 Connecticut that sells a selection of over 500 craft and imported beers along
with tavern food and other spirits and cocktails. New England World of Beer holds franchise rights for all of Connecticut and
Massachusetts. Similar taverns are currently open in 20 states
 namely AL
 AZ
 CO
 CT
 FL
 GA
 IL
 LA
 MD
 MI
 NC
 NJ
 NY
 OH
SC
 TN
 TX
 VA
 WA and WI.


































The entire disclosure for organization
 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014









Inventory
 reserve for abandoned property

339





Inventory
 allowance for obsolescence

000


107



Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per shares)






Preferred stock 
 shares authorized


000
000


000
000



Preferred stock 
 shares issued

000
051


000
051



Preferred stock 
 shares outstanding

000
051


000
051



Common stock
 par value (in dollars per shares)






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000
000


000
000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

161
193
362


714
134



Common stock
 shares outstanding

161
193
362


714
134

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.











































































































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015







Note
11 &#150; &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Stockholders&#146; Deficit:

(a)


The
Company&#146;s articles of incorporation authorize the issuance of 20
000
000 shares of preferred stock which the Company has
designated as Series A Preferred (&#147;Series A&#148; and &#147;Series A-1&#148;)
 $.00001 par value.&#160;&#160;Each share of
Series A and A-1 is convertible into six shares of the Company&#146;s common stock for a period of five years from the date of
issue.&#160;&#160;The conversion basis is not adjusted for any stock split or combination of the common stock.&#160;&#160;Inasmuch
as the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock has been outstanding for in excess of five years
 it no longer has the right to convert
into six shares of common stock for each one share of preferred stock. The Company must at all times have sufficient common shares
reserved to effect the conversion of all outstanding Series A and A-1 Preferred. The holders of the Series A and A-1 Preferred
are entitled to receive common stock dividends when
 as
 if and in the amount declared by the directors of the Company to be in
cash or in market value of the Company&#146;s common stock.&#160;&#160;The Company is restricted from paying dividends or making
distributions on its common stock without the approval of a majority of the Series A and A-1 holders.&#160;The Series A and A-1
are senior to the Common Stock and any other series or class of the Company&#146;s Preferred Stock. The Series A and A-1 has liquidation
rights in the event of any liquidation
 dissolution
 or winding up of the Company
 whether voluntary or involuntary
 the holders
of the Series A and A-1 then outstanding shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company available for distribution
to its shareholders
 before any payment or declaration and setting apart for payment of any amount shall be made in respect of
any outstanding capital stock of the Company
 an amount equal to $.00001 per share
 The Company
 at the option of its directors
may at any time or from time to time redeem the whole or any part of the outstanding Series A. Upon redemption
 the Company shall
pay for each share redeemed the amount of $2.00 per share
 payable in cash
 plus a premium to compensate the original purchaser(s)
for the investment risk and cost of capital equal to the greater of (a) $2.00 per share
 or (b) an amount per share equal to fifty
percent (50%) of the market capitalization of the Company on the date of notice of such redemption divided by 2
000
000. We have
evaluated our Series A Preferred Stock and determined these shares required equity classification because the number of shares
convertible into common stock is fixed and reserved. Redemption of these preferred shares cannot be affected because of the Company&#146;s
stockholders&#146; deficit.&#160;

During
the quarter ended September 30
 2009
 9
000
000 shares of Series A Preferred were granted to Roy Warren. We recorded a non-cash
expense for $1
620
000 which is based on the then market price of $0.03 per common share times the convertible stock equivalents
(9
000
000 preferred shares x 6 = 54
000
000 common stock equivalents). These shares have specific voting power in that Roy Warren
has voting rights for the 54
000
000 common stock equivalents. The Board of Directors on September 4
 2009 approved an amendment
whereas Section 2(A) of the Certificate of Designation is hereby declared in its entirety
 and the following shall be substituted
in lieu thereof-Rights
 Powers and Preferences: The Series A have the voting powers
 preferences and relative
 participating
optional and other special rights
 qualifications
 limitations and restrictions as follows: Designation and Amount &#150; Out
of the Twenty Million (20
000
000) shares of the $0.00001 par value authorized preferred stock
 all Twenty Million (14
999
049)
shares have been designated as shares of &#147;Series A.

During
the quarter ended March
 31
 2013
 51 shares of Series A-1 Preferred
 convertible into 306 shares of common stock at the option
of the holder
 were granted to Roy Warren for services rendered. We recorded a non-cash expense for $0.09 which is based on the
then market price of $0.0003 per common share times the convertible stock equivalents (51 preferred shares x 6 = 306 common stock
equivalents).

(b)


As
of March 31
 2015
 the Company had 4
545
000 outstanding warrants at an exercise price of $0.0005. The warrants have an expiration
date of December 24
 2019. No warrants were exercised during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015.

c)


At
March 31
 2015
 the Company had issued and outstanding 1
161
193
362 shares of common stock of which 30
244 shares are owned by
our two officers. Holders of shares of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share on all matters to be voted on by the
shareholders. Holders of common stock have no cumulative voting rights. In the event of liquidation
 dissolution or winding down
of the Company
 the holders of shares of common stock are entitled to share
 pro rata
 all assets remaining after payment in full
of all liabilities. Holders of common stock have no preemptive rights to purchase our common stock. There are no conversion rights
or redemption or sinking fund provisions with respect to the common stock. All of the outstanding shares of common stock are validly
issued
 fully paid and non-assessable.



COMMON
    STOCK ISSUED FROM APRIL 1
 2014 THROUGH MARCH 31
 2015
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

DATE
    OF
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
15
912
500
    
    
    
6
365
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
8
000
000
    
    
    
3
200
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
12
000
000
    
    
    
4
800
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
9
067
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
627
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
10
000
000
    
    
    
5
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
10
000
000
    
    
    
5
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
22
441
780
    
    
    
6
925
    
    
    
4
296
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
11
312
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
656
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
9
600
000
    
    
    
4
800
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
26
628
740
    
    
    
13
250
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
12
000
000
    
    
    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
12
000
000
    
    
    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
12
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
800
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
14
000
000
    
    
    
5
600
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
14
000
000
    
    
    
5
600
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
14
000
000
    
    
    
5
600
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
14
000
000
    
    
    
5
600
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
26
644
475
    
    
    
11
200
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
14
000
000
    
    
    
5
600
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
15
000
000
    
    
    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
15
800
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
6
320
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
18
136
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
9
068
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
20
000
000
    
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
26
642
000
    
    
    
13
300
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
26
655
000
    
    
    
5
310
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
56
546
850
    
    
    
11
275
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
22
061
200
    
    
    
4
405
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
40
115
050
    
    
    
2
960
    
    
    
5
063
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
62
500
000
    
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
58
680
556
    
    
    
16
900
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
19
687
500
    
    
    
3
150
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
50
625
000
    
    
    
8
100
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
70
673
077
    
    
    
14
700
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
44
687
500
    
    
    
7
150
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
39
062
500
    
    
    
6
250
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
43
750
000
    
    
    
7
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
81
250
000
    
    
    
6
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


Common
Stock Issued for the Year Ended March 31
 2014:

All
issued shares and conversion rates are reflected at the values after the reverse stock split.

On
April 3
 2013
 we issued 300
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $11
250 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible
notes at a conversion price of $.0375.

On
April 4
 2013
 we issued 438
400 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $16
440 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible
notes at a conversion price of $.0375.

On
April 4
 2013
 we issued 1
166
667 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $43
750 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0375.

On
April 9
 2013
 we issued 400
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $15
000 accrued interest of February
 2013
consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0375.

On
April 9
 2013
 we issued 179
093 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $6
716 accrued interest of February
 2013
consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0375.

On
April 10
 2013
 we issued 439
067 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $16
465 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible
notes at a conversion price of $.0375.

On
April 11
 2013
 we issued 320
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $12
000 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible
notes at a conversion price of $.0375.

On
April 15
 2013
 we issued 400
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $15
000 accrued interest of February
 2013
consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0375.

On
April 16
 2013
 we issued 1
273
333 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $47
750 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0375.

On
April 22
 2013
 we issued 124
867 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
675 accrued interest of February
 2013
consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0375.

On
April 22
 2013
 we issued 400
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $15
000 accrued interest of February
 2013
consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0375.

On
April 29
 2013
 we issued 500
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $18
750 accrued interest of February
 2013
consolidated convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0375.

On
April 30
 2013
 we issued 320
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $12
000 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible
notes at a conversion price of $.0375.

On
July 2
 2013
 we issued 1
918
462 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $62
350 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible
notes at a conversion price of $.0325.

On
July 2
 2013
 we issued 524
154 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $17
035 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible
notes at a conversion price of $.0325.

On
July 15
 2013
 we issued 609
756 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $10
000 of February
 2013 consolidated convertible
notes at a conversion price of $.0164.

On
July 23
 2013
 we issued 1
353
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
412 of accrued interest at a conversion
price of $.004.

On
July 29
 2013
 we issued 2
686
667 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $10
075 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.00375.

On
August 5
 2013
 we issued 2
352
941 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $10
000 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.00425.

On
August 16
 2013
 we issued 1
183
908 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $2
575 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.002175.

On
August 16
 2013
 we issued 1
498.851 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $3
260 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.002175.

On
August 19
 2013
 we issued 2
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
350 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.002175.

On
August 19
 2013
 we issued 1
500
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $3
300 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0022.

On
August 21
 2013
 we issued 1
702
529 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $3
703 of accrued interest at a conversion
price of $.002175.

On
August 22
 2013
 we issued 3
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $6
525 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.002175.

On
August 22
 2013
 we issued 1
818
182 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
000 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0022.

On
August 28
 2013
 we issued 1
818
182 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
000 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0022.

On
September 6
 2013
 we issued 4
256
098 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $8
725 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.00205.

On
September 11
 2013
 we issued 2
500
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
250 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0021.

On
September 12
 2013
 we issued 2
500
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
000 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.002.

On
September 12
 2013
 we issued 3
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
850 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.002.

On
September 12
 2013
 we issued 2
500
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
000 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.002.

On
September 12
 2013
 we issued 2
500
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
000 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.002.

On
September 12
 2013
 we issued 2
500
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
000 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.002.

On
September 13
 2013
 we issued 4
256
410 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $8
300 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.00195.

On
September 13
 2013
 we issued 3
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $6
300 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0021.

On
September 14
 2013
 we issued 3
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $6
000 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.002.

On
September 17
 2013
 we issued 2
500
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
000 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.002.

On
September 18
 2013
 we issued 2
500
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
750 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0019.

On
September 20
 2013
 we issued 3
286
842 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $6
245 of accrued interest at a conversion
price of $.0019.

On
September 23
 2013
 we issued 2
600
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
940 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0019.

On
September 24
 2013
 we issued 2
481
579 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
715 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0019.

On
September 24
 2013
 we issued 3
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $5
700 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0019.

On
September 24
 2013
 we issued 4
326
316 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $8
220 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0019.

On
September 30
 2013
 we issued 8
500
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $15
300 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0018.

On
October 3
 2013
 we issued 3
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
800 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0016.

On
October 9
 2013
 we issued 3
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $3
600 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0012.

On
October 10
 2013
 we issued 3
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $3
600 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0012.

On
October 14
 2013
 we issued 9
150
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $9
150 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.001.

On
October 17
 2013
 we issued 5
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
500 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0009.

On
October 29
 2013
 we issued 8
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $7
200 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0009.

On
November 1
 2013
 we issued 5
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
500 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0009.

On
November 6
 2013
 we issued 5
000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
500 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0009.

On
November 6
 2013
 we issued 11
777
778 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $10
600 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0009.

On
November 6
 2013
 we issued 6
935
556 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $6
242 of accrued interest at a conversion
price of $.0009.

On
November 6
 2013
 we issued 8.000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $7
200 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0009.

On
November 13
 2013
 we issued 6.000
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion for $4
800 of February
 2013 consolidated
convertible notes at a conversion price of $.0008.

(d)


On
May 25
 2010
 a registration that covers the offering of an aggregated 7
500 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock was approved
by the Company&#146;s Board of Directors. As such
 the 2010 Stock Compensation and Incentive Plan was created for employees
 directors
consultants and other persons associated with the Company in which awards of common stock and/or non-qualified stock options may
be granted. During the fiscal year ended March 31
 2011
 we issued 6
578 shares of common stock for a total of $161
000 for past
due professional services and payroll in which 3
000 shares were returned back to the plan
 leaving an available 3
922 shares
to be issued in the future

On
December 21
 2011
 the Company&#146;s Board of Directors approved the issuance of 54
204 non-qualified stock options to certain
employees for the return of previously issued shares of common stock that were issued for payment of past due expenses to be effective
at December 31
 2011. The stock options have an exercise price of $10.00
 full vesting rights and a life of five years. The Board
of Directors intends to approve a registration to cover an offering to include these stock options as well as certain other stock
options (see below) in 2015/2016. We recognized the full compensation expense of $12
656 at December 31
 2011 by using the Black-Scholes
valuation model (54
204 x $.2335). No options have been exercised.

On
January 10
 2013
 the stockholders holding a majority voting rights of our Common Stock approved the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan
by written consent without a meeting in accordance with Delaware Law. This plan provides for the grant of stock awards to employees
directors and consultants of the Company and its affiliates covering an aggregate of 1
000
000 shares of its common stock. The
number of shares of common stock available for issuance under this plan shall automatically increase on February 1
of each year for a period of 9 years commencing January 1
 2014 in an amount equal to the lesser of 5% of the total number of
 of the preceding calendar year or 30
000 shares. Revised number
is now 1
060
000 as of March 31
 2014. No stock awards have been granted as of March 31
 2015.

On
September 16 2013
 the Company&#146;s Board of Directors approved the issuance of 10
000
000 non-qualified stock options to certain
employees and the two independent Board Directors. The stock options have an exercise price of $.004
 full vesting rights and
a life of five years. The Board of Directors intends to approve a registration to cover an offering to include these stock options
in 2015/2016. We recognized the full compensation expense of $26
997 by using the Black-Scholes valuation model (10
000
000 x
$.0026997). No options have been exercised.

As


of employee stock option and recognize the compensation cost over the requisite service period for the entire award in accordance
with the provisions. As all stock options were fully vested
 no estimate of forfeitures was required
 and compensation cost is
fully recognized at the time of grant and full vesting. We estimated the fair value of these stock options on the date of grant
using a Black-Scholes-Merton (BSM) option-pricing formula
 applying the following assumptions (before and after reverse stock
split):

A
summary of option activity under these stock option plans for the year ended March 31
 2015 is presented below:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(in
    years)
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
60
180
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
10
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
804
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
10
058
376
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(4
172
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at
    3/31/15
    
    
10
054
204
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


Note
that all of the stock options are outstanding
 fully vested and exercisable for the year ended March 31
 2015. As such
 all compensation
expense for the above options has been recognized
 and there is no unrecognized compensation expense to be recorded in the future.


































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))







































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Mar. 31
 2015
Sep. 25
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014

















































  2015



































































074



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



330
565
835























































If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015







Note
12 &#150;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Income Taxes:



The Company
    has recorded no income tax benefit for its taxable losses during the period ending March 31
 2015 because there is no certainty
    that the Company will realize those benefits. The components of the Company&#146;s deferred tax assets and liabilities as
    of &#160;March 31
 2015 and 2014 are as follows:





    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
8
745
372
    
    
    
5
999
692
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
10
691
    

Accrued expenses that are deductible in
    future periods
    
    
43
021
    
    
    
38
808
    

Depreciation method
    differences
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
8
788
426
    
    
    
6
049
191
    

    
    
    
(8
788
426
    
    
    
(6
049
191
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net deferred tax
    assets
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





As of March 31
 2015 the
    Company has a net tax operating loss of $25
721
000 that will be available to offset future taxable income
 if any. The use
    of net operating loss carryforwards to reduce future income tax liabilities is subject to limitations
 and these amounts will
    begin to expire in 2028.&#160;




The
following table illustrates the reconciliation of the tax benefit at the federal statutory rate to the Company&#146;s effective
rate for the period ending March 31
 2014 and 2013:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Benefit
    at federal statutory rate
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Benefit at state
    rate
 net of federal deficit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fair value adjustment
    of convertible debt
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Non-deductible derivative
    loss
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Loss on extinguishment
    of debt
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Non-deductible travel
    expenses
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Benefit
    at the Company&#146;s effective rate
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Less
    valuation allowance effective tax rate
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



The
Company is required to file income tax returns for U.S. Federal and State of Florida purposes. The Company is not currently under
any tax examination
 but the statute of limitations has not yet expired because no federal or state tax returns have been filed
since 2007. Therefore
 the Company generally remains subject to examination of its U.S. Federal income tax returns for 2008 and
subsequent years by the Internal Revenue Service. In addition
 the Company also remains subject to examinations of its State of
Florida tax returns for 2008 and subsequent years.


































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014











343


582





908)







999)


639)





436


943










Total salaries
 taxes and employee benefits

012


306





462


500





583


935





555


659





251


071





600


205







997





154


687





671
701


765
360





244
265)


747
417)












759
383)


535
402





629)







765
012)


535
402





009
277)


015)





596)














030
873)


015)



















605
503


827
957





605
503


827
957



















465





















878


582







The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived
 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.




















































































Revenue from sale of food (prepared and cooked-to-order foodstuffs
 as well as snack items) and beverages (bottled or on-tap alcoholic beverages
 as well as nonalcoholic beverages like carbonated drinks
 juices
 energy/sports drinks
 water
 coffee
 and tea).




























The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























The aggregate amount of write-downs for impairments recognized during the period for long-lived assets held for abandonment
 exchange or sale.




























This element represents the income or loss from continuing operations attributable to the economic entity which may also be defined as revenue less expenses from ongoing operations
 after income or loss from equity method investments
 but before income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.



























This element represents the income or loss from continuing operations attributable to the economic entity which may also be defined as revenue less expenses and taxes from ongoing operations before extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.





























 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)























































The aggregate amount of expenditures for salaries
 wages
 profit sharing and incentive compensation
 and other employee benefits
 including equity-based compensation
 and pension and other postretirement benefit expense.




























The amount of expense provided in the period for legal costs incurred on or before the balance sheet date pertaining to resolved
 pending or threatened litigation
 including arbitration and mediation proceedings.




























The total expense recognized in the period for promotion
 public relations
 and brand or product advertising.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.



























The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
























































Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.





















































































A fee charged for services from professionals such as doctors
 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))



























The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).
























































The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.




























Fees charged to customers for the delivery
 generally by postal or freight service providers
 of product or goods purchased.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.






























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015









    
    


All
convertible notes payable are recorded at fair value as prescribed by the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (see Note 9 for
more details). Convertible debt carrying values consist of the following:




    
    
    
    
Fair
    Value Amounts
    

    
    
    
    
March 31

    
    
March 31

    

Face
    Value
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
5
547
372
    
Convertible
    Note Financing due February 21 2015 (a)
 (1)
    
    
5
413
574
    
    
    
5
554
182
    

    
605
520
    
Convertible Note
    Financing due December 31
 2014 (b)
 (2)
    
    
605
520
    
    
    
400
000
    

    
37
000
    
Convertible Note
    Financing due June 7
 2014 (c)
 (3)
    
    
37
000
    
    
    
37
000
    

    
1
204
500
    
Convertible Note
    Financing due December 24
 2014 (d)
 (4)
    
    
1
204
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
35
200
    
Convertible Note
    Financing due&#160;&#160;May 13
 2015 (e)
 (5)
    
    
35
200
    
    
    
    
    

    
20
000
    
Convertible Note
    Financing due&#160;&#160;December 22
 2016 (f)
 (6)
    
    
20
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
58
500
    
Convertible Note
    Financing due January 14
 2017 (g)
 (7)
    
    
58
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Less
    discount on convetible notes (4)
    
    
(196
499
    
    
    
(3
511
738
    

    
7
508
092
    
Total
    convertible notes payable (8)
    
    
7
177
795
    
    
    
2
479
444
    



(1)
All previous convertible notes prior to February 21
 2013 were surrendered to the Company through a February 21
 2013 exchange
agreement whereas the Company issued new face value consolidated notes per debt holder for a total amount of $5
020
944
 $350
000
face value in new notes for the surrender of 425
003 Class A warrants plus $121
327 in a new note for work rendered for this consolidated
financing for a grand total of $5
492
271. The principal amount of the above $5
547
372 balance equals the original $5
492
271
total financing plus allonges for $767
500 less conversions of $712
399.

(2)
Monthly retainer fee to our outside financial consulting firm of $25
000 face value for December
 2012 through March 31
 2015
for a total original amount of $700
000 less conversions of $94
480

(3)
Retainer fee to our previous legal counsel of $37
000 face value issued June 7
 2013

(4)
Issued convertible promissory note for $35
200 on May 13
 2014

(5)
Issued convertible note for $20
000 on December 12
 2014 for past due services

(6)
Includes total of all installment convertible notes issued December
 2014 through March
 2015 for financing the World of Beer
franchise location in West Hartford Connecticut.

(7)
Issued three convertible notes for $13
500
 $13
500 and $31
500 to three different accredited investors on January 14
 2015

(8)
The consolidated notes required a new lattice valuation model that required the recording of a discount that will be amortized
(accretion) over the life of the convertible notes payable.

Since
these new consolidated notes contained new language as compared to the previous notes
 we needed to use a different valuation
model for applicable valuations
 derivatives and fair market value. In order to determine the fair market value
 we analyzed the
various securities agreements and exchange agreements
 compared the Company to comparable companies to determine industry factors
for volatility
 growth and future financing
 developed a lattice model that valued the convertible notes on a probability weighted
scenario model as well as future projections of the various potential outcomes and valued the convertible notes at issuance and
at the end of the reporting period to account for the derivative liability. Based on our analysis in determining the proper accounting
treatment and valuation as set forth in the Statement of Financial Accounting Standard ASC 820-10-35-37 (Fair Value in Financial
Instruments)
 Statement of Financial Accounting Standard ASC 815 (Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities)
Emerging Issues Task (&#147;EITF&#148;) For Issue No. 00-10 and EITF 07-05
 the embedded derivatives are bundled and valued as
a single
 compound embedded derivative
 bifurcated from the debt host and treated as a liability. The single compound embedded
derivative features valued include the variable conversion feature
 and the value of these embedded derivatives for the convertible
notes is treated as a liability. These derivative liabilities are marked-to-market each quarter with the change in fair value
recorded in the Statement of Operations.



Long-term
Convertible Debt Maturities:

Annual
maturities of long-term outstanding convertible debt (face value) as of March 31
 2015 are as follows:&#160;


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Years
    ending March 31

    
    
$
    Amount
    

    
    
    
    
    
5
695
142
    

    
    
    
    
    
335
200
    

    
    
    
    
    
70
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
108
500
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
6
208
842
    



(a)

 2013 Consolidated Convertible Notes

On
February 21
 2013
 all previous convertible notes payable with outstanding balances totaling $5
020
944 were surrendered by the
debt holders to the Company through exchange agreements whereas the Company issued one consolidated note to each debt holder for
the total outstanding convertible note amounts. In addition and on the same date
 all outstanding Class A warrants associated
with these convertible note payables totaling 425
003 Class A warrants were surrendered by the debt holders to the Company in
which the Company issued additional convertible notes payable for the total amount of $350
000. All applicable 364 Class B warrants
were cancelled as well. Both the surrendered convertible notes payable for $5
020
944 and warrants for $350
000 were combined
into one new convertible note payable per debt holder for a grand total of $5
370
944. All of these consolidated notes contain
the same terms
 maturity dates and conversion criteria and replace all terms
 conditions and conversion criteria contained in
the surrendered notes. These notes have a maturity date of February 21
 2015 and an interest rate of 4%. They are in default.
The Company is working with each debt holder to extend the maturity date as well as implementing in 2015 a debt restructuring
program to address such issues. The conversion price per share is equal to seventy-five percent (75%) of the average of the three
lowest closing bid prices for the Common stock as reported by Bloomberg L.P. for the principal market for the twenty trading days
preceding a conversion date but in no event greater than $10.00. Each conversion submitted by a holder must be at least the lesser
of (i) $10
000 of principal and interest or (ii) the balance due on the note. In addition
 another new convertible note was issued
for $121
327 to one of the accredited debt holders for their efforts in assisting the Company with these consolidated notes
 warrants
and modifications. The amount was determined at 5% of the then outstanding balance of all the convertible notes payable held by
the debt holder. This note is identical to the above notes for the terms
 conversion criteria and maturity date. No accrued interest
payable amounts were added to these new notes. A total of $806.879 in principal and $193.214 in accrued interest were converted
into shares of common stock from February 21
 2013 through March 31
 2015. In addition
 additional allonge financings were added
as follows:




&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;TABLE
    FOR ADDED ALLONGES
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;71
500
    

    
    
    
    
    
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;88
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;88
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;82
500
    

    
    
    
    
    
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;110
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;110
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;55
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;55
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;55
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;27
500
    

    
    
    
    
    
25
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
767
500
    


Southridge
Partners II LP purchased from another debt- holder $100
000 on April 9
 2013 and another $100
000 on June 5
 2013 from these February
21
 2013 notes. These new replacement notes contain the same terms as in the February 21
 2013 consolidated convertible notes.
The entire total of $100
000 was converted from the original $100
000 balance
 and $2
960 in conversions were made on the second
$100
000 note for an outstanding remaining amount of $97
040.



    
    
(b) Monthly $25
000
    Retainer Fee Convertible Notes


We
issue each month a convertible note for $25
000 to SC Advisors as part of their consulting fees. Previously issued convertible
notes from August
 2012 through November
 2012 were consolidated in the above February 21
 2013 convertible note. From December
2012 through March
 2015
 we issued $25
000 monthly convertible notes for a total of $700
000. All of these notes have maturity
dates from December 31
 2014 to July 31
 2015. The Company is working with the debt holder to extend the maturity dates of these
convertible notes. The notes can be converted into shares of Common Stock six months after issuance at a conversion price to equal
the current market price multiplied by eighty percent (80%). Current market price means the average of the closing bid prices
for the common stock for the five (5) trading days ending on the trading day immediately before the relevant conversion date.
Total conversions of $94
480 have been made for these convertible notes.

(c)
June 7
 2013 Convertible Note 

We
issued a $37
000 convertible note on June 7
 2013 for past due services. The maturity date of this note is June 7
 2014 and the
note is in default. The Company is working with the debt holder to extend the maturity date of this convertible note. The note
maybe converted into shares of common stock after a six month holding period at a conversion price to equal the current market
price multiplied by eighty percent (80%). Current market price means the average of the closing bid prices for the common stock
for the five (5) trading days ending on the trading day immediately before the relevant conversion date. No conversions have been
made on these notes.

(d)
May 13
 2014 Convertible Note

We
issued a convertible promissory note to a new accredited investor for $35
200 with a maturity date of May 13
 2015 at an interest
rate of 4%. The conversion price per share is equal to seventy-five percent (75%) of the average of the three lowest closing bid
prices for the common stock as reported by Bloomberg L.P. for the principal market for the twenty trading days preceding a conversion
date but in no event greater than $.02. Each conversion submitted by the holder must be at least the lesser of (i) $1
000 of principal
and interest or (ii) the balance due on the note. Conversion will be calculated to the hundredth of a penny (e.g. $0.0001).



(e)
December 19
 2014 Convertible Note

We
issued a convertible promissory note for past due services to an accredited investor for $20
000 with a maturity date of December
22
 2016 at an interest rate of 10%. The conversion price per share is equal to seventy-five percent (75%) of the average of the
three lowest closing bid prices for the common stock as reported by Bloomberg L.P. for the principal market for the ten trading
days preceding a conversion date but in no event greater than $.02. Debt holder is limited to conversions up to 4.99% of the outstanding
shares of the Common Stock.

(f)
December
 2014 through March
 2015 Installment Convertible Notes

ABH
issued convertible notes to two accredited investors for the purchase of the World of Beer franchise location in West Hartford
Connecticut as follows: December 24
 2014 for a total of $337
250; January 23
 2015 for a total of $300
000; February 24
 2015
for a total of $300
000; and March 24
 2015 for a total of $267
250 for a grand total of $1
204
500. All notes have the same maturity
date of March 24
 2015 with an interest rate of 10%. The conversion price for the principal and interest shall be either: (i)
if ABH&#146;s common stock is traded on a trading market
 the conversion price shall be 50% of the lowest bid price for the previous
50 trading days; (ii) if ABH&#146;s common stock is traded on a trading market
 and there is a DTC chill on ABH&#146;s common
stock
 the conversion price shall be 60% of the lowest bid price for the previous 50 trading days; or (iii) if ABH&#146;s common
stock is not traded on a trading market
 it shall be $0.40. Debt holder is limited to conversions up to 4.99% of the outstanding
shares of the Common Stock. There have been no conversions of these convertible notes.

(g)
January 14
 2015 convertible note

On
January 14
 2015
 we issued three (3) convertible notes for $13
500
 $13
500 and $31
500 for a total of $58
500. All notes have
the same maturity date of January 14
 2017 and the same interest rate of ten percent (10%). All three notes contain the same conversion
language as follows: the conversion price per share shall be equal to seventy-five (75%) of the average of the three lowest closing
bid prices for the Common Stock as reported by Bloomberg L.P. for the principal market for the ten trading days preceding a conversion
date but in no event greater than $.02. There have been no conversions of these convertible notes.












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015









    
    


Accrued
liabilities consist of the following as of March 31
 2015 and 2014:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Accrued payroll and related
    taxes
    
    
3
719
785
    
    
    
3
261
045
    

    
    
    
1
846
857
    
    
    
1
456
904
    

    
    
    
580
000
    
    
    
580
000
    

    
    
    
108
640
    
    
    
98
000
    

    
    
    
242
792
    
    
    
206
792
    

    
    
    
259
690
    
    
    
130
567
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&#160;&#160;&#160;Total
    Accrued Liabilities
    
    
6
757
764
    
    
    
5
733
308
    








 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)
20
24)




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015







The
components of inventories as of March 31
 2015 and March 31
 2014 are below:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
March
    31
 2015
    
    
March
    31
 2014
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
88
235
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
116
901
    
    
    
74
197
    
    

    
    
    
(90
000
    
    
    
(44
107
    
    

    
    
    
(2
339
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
112
797
    
    
    
30
090
    
    




Any
incurred costs that are at best uncertain and fail to satisfy the suggested measurability test for accounting recognition as an
asset are expensed.&#160;&#160;


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
66
734
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
45
000
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
28
857
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
22
615
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
19
557
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
25
181
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(3
885
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
204
059
    
    
    
    






The following table summarizes the components of the Company&#146;s
    trademarks:




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
March
    31
 2015
    
March
    31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
32
151
    
    
32
151
    

    
    
    
(27
614
    
    
(27
317
    

    
    
    
4
537
    
    
4
834
    
































































Tabular disclosure of goodwill and intangible assets
 which may be broken down by segment or major class.




























Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
 -Subparagraph a
b
c








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015







Note
13 &#150;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Commitments and Contingencies:

We
entered into a new office lease for 3
333 square feet at our new office in North Palm Beach
 Florida on January 3
 2013 with a
lease term of three years with two years as renewable terms. Starting February 1
 2013
 the minimum starting monthly base rent
without sales tax was $1
602 plus monthly operating expense for $2
670 for a monthly total of $4
272. The lease provides for annual
3% increases throughout its term.

Future
minimum rental payments for the new office lease
 based on the current adjusted minimum monthly amount of $4
320 and excluding
variable common area maintenance charges
 as of March 31
 2015
 are as follows:




Years
    ending March 31

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
52
540
    

    
    
    
    
    
53
146
    

    
    
    
    
    
44
730
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
150
416
    


Rental
expense
 which also includes maintenance and parking fees
 for the twelve months period ended March 31
 2015 was $54
951. We had
a disagreement with the landlord and were forced to vacate the offices including some inventory and fixed assets. Although we
are still using the same address and working with the landlord to resolve these problems
 we may elect to move to our office to
another address. We are working in our home offices.

Lease
of West Hartford
 Connecticut World of Beer

Through
the December 24
 2014 purchase of 51% of the West Hartford
 Connecticut World of Beer property
 the lease is for 4
163 square
feet and was signed on May 16
 2014 for ten years with the option to extend the lease for two (2) additional periods of five (5)
years each. The minimum starting monthly base rent was $10
754 with 3% increases annually.


Future
minimum rental payments for this lease
 based on the current minimum monthly amount of $10
754
 as of March 31
 2015
 are as follows:



Years
    ending March 31

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
130
016
    

    
    
    
    
    
133
196
    

    
    
    
    
    
137
197
    

    
    
    
    
    
141
308
    

    
    
    
    
    
145
552
    

    
    
    
795
932
    

    
    
    
    
    
1
483
201
    



Rent
expense recorded since the opening of the tavern in late January
 2015 through March 31
 2014 is $31
850.

Production
and Supply Agreements&#160;

On
December 16
 2008
 we signed a manufacturing agreement with O-AT-KA Milk Products Cooperative
 Inc. for the production of future
new products that are in the development stage. The manufacturer shall manufacture
 package and ship such products. All products
shall be purchased F.O.B.
 the facility by the company.



On
May 18
 2009
 F&#38;M Merchant Group
 LLC commenced a lawsuit in the District Court of Denton County
 Texas to recover the balance
owed by us under a Sales Agent Agreement entered by the parties on November 1
 2008. This agreement requires us to pay $5
000
per month and a 5% commission on all net sales. On September 3
 2009
 a final judgment by default was approved by the district
court in Denton County
 Texas for a total sum of $22
348. This claim has been recorded on the Company&#146;s records. Due to the
lack of adequate capital financing
 we have not been able to make any payments. We will address this matter as soon as practical
and once we have adequate financing.

On
August 21
 2009
 CH Fulfillment Services
 LLC commenced a lawsuit in the district court of Mobile
 Alabama to recover past due
amounts owed by us under a contract to provide shipping and fulfillment services. The claim is for $2
106 plus interest and legal
costs. This amount was already recorded on our records as well as projected interest costs of $682 and estimated court costs of
$307 for a total of $3
095. A process of garnishment by the district court in Mobile County
 Alabama was approved on September
25
 2009 for the total amount of $3
095. On October 26
 2009
 the same court authorized a garnishment process to pay $657 which
was done as part payment of the total due amount. Current outstanding balance due is $2
438. No other payments have been made.

On
October 1
 2013
 Beanpot Broadcasting Corp. d/b/a WXRV-FM
 commenced a lawsuit in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts District Court
Department of the Trial Court Haverhill Division to recover past due amounts owed by us for rendered independent sales contracting
services. The claim was for $15
500 for past due services
 $4
169 in service charges
 $363 for prejudgment interest and $200 court
costs for a total of $20
232. The total $20
232 amount was already recorded on our records. On November 15
 2013
 the Trial Court
of Massachusetts entered a judgment for the plaintiff (&#147;Beanpot&#148;) for the total $20
232. Due to the lack of adequate
capital financing
 we have not been able to make any payments. We will address this matter as soon as practical and once we have
adequate financing.

On
November 27
 2013
 we received an order of the court from The Trial Court of Massachusetts District Court Department
 Small Claims
Session in Plymouth
 Massachusetts to attend a hearing on December 12 2013 about a small claims amount of $5
000 from Marshfield
Broadcasting Company
 Inc. to recover past due amounts. A total of $5
500 was already recorded our records. On December 31
 2013
a judgment in the amount of $5
238 was entered in favor of Marshfield Broadcasting Inc. No payments have been made as we expect
to resolve this matter as soon as practical and once we have adequate financing.

On
February 4
 2014
 Judicial Circuit and for Palm
Beach County
 Florida to recover past due amounts owed by us for past compensation in the amount of approximately $17
000. We
disagree with this amount as our records reflect a total amount owed of $6
974. On May 28
 2014
 we entered into a settlement
agreement with Terrano to pay him a total of $11
000
 to be remitted 60 days of the effective date of this agreement. Due to a
lack of capital financing
 we expect to address this matter as soon as we can.

On
June 9
 2014
 Judicial Circuit
in and for Palm Beach County
 Florida to recover past due services owed by us in the amount of $22
000 that is due with interest.
We do not agree with that amount as we did make various payments in 2013 that totaled $8
000. We are working with that party to
arrive at a mutual agreeable outstanding amount if any. We do not have any other outstanding balance that is recorded on our records.
On August 6
 2014
 we received a Default Final Judgment from Palm Beach County Circuit Court in Florida for a total amount of
$23
 411. We are still contesting that amount and will resolve the matter as soon as possible.



On
June 26
 2014
 Innerworkings
 Inc. filed a lawsuit in the County Court of the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit in and for Palm Beach
County
 Florida to recover past due services owed by us in the amount of $5
039 that is due with interest. This same amount has
already been recorded on our records. We expect to address this issue as soon as practical and when we have adequate capital.

On
November 11
 2014
 C.A. Courtesy Demos
 Inc. commenced a lawsuit in the County Court
 Palm Beach County
 Florida civil action
to recover past due amounts owed by us for rendered services. The claim was for $5
803. We do not agree with this amount and have
not recorded this amount on our records as services were supposed to be rendered
 but a hurricane in the northeastern section
of the United States occurred at that given time. We will address this matter as soon as practical and once we have adequate financing.

On
November 20
 2014
 Pavilion Law Center
 LLC filed a motion in the Circuit Court of the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit in and for Palm
Beach County
 Florida to enforce a settlement agreement for past due fees. We are contesting some of the amounts and will resolve
this matter as soon as practical.

On
April 22
 2015
 Edgar Agents LLC filed a lawsuit in the Circuit Court of the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit in and for Palm Beach
County
 Florida to recover past due amounts owned by us for rendered services. The claim was for $23
323.50 plus interest and
costs. We have recorded $19
069.50 in our records as we have not received the backup for the $4
254.00 difference. On August 13
2015
 the court entered into a final judgment against us for a total amount of $24
215. We expect to resolve this matter as soon
as practical and once we have adequate financing.


On
August 26
 2015
 Harrison
 Vickers and Waterman Inc. (&#147;HVWC&#148;) which we own the majority of the outstanding shares
received a lawsuit from James Giordano
 previous CEO of HVW that was filed in the State of Connecticut Superior Court in Stamford
Connecticut. The claim is approximately $220
833 for past salaries. HVWC does not agree with this complaint and will address as
soon as possible. HVW does have a recorded amount of $175
000 on its books.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015







Note
9 &#150; &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Derivative Liabilities:

Fair
Value Measurement&#160;

Valuation
Hierarchy&#160;

ASC
820
 &#147;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
&#148; establishes a valuation hierarchy for disclosure of the inputs to
valuation used to measure fair value. This hierarchy prioritizes the inputs into three broad levels as follows. Level 1 inputs
are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 inputs are quoted prices for similar
assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
through market corroboration
 for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs
based on the Company&#146;s own assumptions used to measure assets and liabilities at fair value. A financial asset or liability&#146;s
classification within the hierarchy is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement.&#160;

The
following table provides the liabilities carried at fair value measured on a recurring basis as of March 31
 2015:&#160;



    
    
    
    
    
Fair
    Value Measurements at March 31
 2015
    

    
    
    
    
    

 2015
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
868
857
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
868
857
    


The
carrying amounts of cash
 accounts receivable
 prepaid expenses
 accounts payable
 and accrued liabilities approximate their fair
value due to their short maturities. The Company measures the fair value of financial assets and liabilities based on the exchange
price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous
market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The Company maximizes
the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value.

Level
3 liabilities are valued using unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of the
fair value of the derivative liabilities. For fair value measurements categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy
the Company&#146;s accounting department
 who reports to the Principal Financial Officer
 determines its valuation policies and
procedures. The development and determination of the unobservable inputs for Level 3 fair value measurements and fair value calculations
are the responsibility of the Company&#146;s accounting department and are approved by the Principal Financial Officer.

Level
3 Valuation Techniques

Level
3 financial liabilities consist of the conversion feature liability for which there is no current market for these securities
such that the determination of fair value requires significant judgment or estimation. Changes in fair value measurements categorized
within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are analyzed each period based on changes in estimates or assumptions and recorded
as appropriate. A significant decrease in the volatility or a significant decrease in the Company&#146;s stock price
 in isolation
would result in a significantly lower fair value measurement.

As
of March 31
 2015
 there were no transfers in or out of level 3 from other levels in the fair value hierarchy. Starting with the
consolidated convertible notes payable as of February 21
 2013
 we used a new lattice valuation model which required the embedded
derivatives to be bundled and valued as a single compound embedded derivative
 bifurcated from the debt host and treated as a
liability at fair value.












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






540





146





730



Future minimum rental payments
 Total

416



West Hartford
Connecticut World of Beer Property [Member]




Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






016





196





197





308





552





932



Future minimum rental payments
 Total

483
201




































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015







Note
7 &#150; &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Short Term Bridge Loans:

Summary
of short-term bridge loan balances is as follows:&#160;


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
March
    31
 2015
    
    
March
    31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
April 14
 2008 (a)
    
    
    
60
000
    
    
    
60
000
    

    
August 5
 2008 (b)
    
    
    
55
000
    
    
    
55
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
115
000
    
    
    
115
000
    


April
14
 2008 financing

(a)
On April 14
 2008
 the Company entered into a financing arrangement that provided for the issuance of a $60
000 face value short-term
bridge loan note payable due July 15
 2008. There are no outstanding warrants associated with this financing as the expiration
dates have expired.


We entered
into the following Modification and Waiver Agreements related to the April 14
 2008 financing:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Extend maturity to July 19
 2008
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Extend maturity to December 15
 2008
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Extend maturity date to April 30
 2009
    
1)
        Warrants indexed to 12 shares of common stock (warrants have expired)&#160;
2)12
        shares of restricted stock&#160;


The
modifications resulted in a loss on extinguishment of $171
622 in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Codification.
On December 15
 2008
 the Company was in default on the notes for non-payment of the required principal payment. The remedy for
event of default was acceleration of principal and interest so they were recorded at face value. As of March 31
 2013
 this April
14
 2008 note was considered in default for non-payment. The Company is trying to find the debt holder to extend the due date
of the note as the previous address is no longer valid.

August
5
 2008 financing

(b)
On August 5
 2008
 the Company entered into a financing arrangement that provided for the issuance of a $55
000 face value short
term bridge loan
 due September 5
 2008. There are no outstanding warrants associated with this financing as the expiration dates
have expired. The due date of the loan was extended to December 15
 2008 with 11 restricted shares of common stock issued as consideration.
On December 15
 2008
 the Company was in default on the notes for non-payment of the required principal payment. Remedies for
an event of default are acceleration of principal and interest. There were no incremental penalties for the event of default;
however the notes were recorded at face value. Remedies for an event of default are acceleration of principal and interest.

On
January 15
 2009
 the Company extended the term on the note from December 15
 2008 to April 30
 2009. As of December 31
 2012
this note was considered in default for non-payment. The debt holder is a board director and will extend the note once we locate
the debt holder of the above April 14
 2008 debt.











































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015







Note
8 -&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Non-convertible Notes Payable:

For
the period ended March 31
 2011
 we paid $23
750 as part of a promissory note in the total principal amount of $34
000 as a final
settlement amount for a previous license agreement. The remaining amount due of $10
250 was required to be settled through monthly
payments of $4
250 through December
 2010. We have not made any more payments and plan to address these payments as soon as practical.


On
January 26
 2011
 we entered into a promissory note with our previous landlord in the principal amount of $75
762. This amount
was due June 30
 2011 together with interest of 10% computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed over a 360-day
year on the unpaid balance. The default rate is a per annum interest rate equal to the maximum amount permitted by applicable
law as we currently use 15%. Although we have not paid this note yet
 we anticipate making a payment pending a future financing.
On October 12
 2012
 the previous landlord sold $20
000 of the promissory note to another accredited investor resulting in an
outstanding amount of $55
762. The sold $20
000 note has since been fully converted into shares of common stock.


On
June 14
 2012
 we entered into two promissory notes for $100
000 and $40
000
 respectively
 with two current accredited investors.
These notes are subject to an interest rate of ten percent (10%) and are due the sooner of (i) October 14
 2012 or (ii) from the
proceeds of the next funding. We received the $100
000 payment on June 27
 2012 and the $40
000 payment on July 9
 2012. The amounts
are still outstanding
 and we accrue interest at the default interest rate of 18%. We expect to convert these notes into convertible
notes payable later in 2015.


On
June 26
 2012
 we entered into a promissory note of $110
000 with a current accredited investor. We agreed to pay a finder&#146;s
fee of $10
000
 and we received the net proceeds of $100
000 on June 28
 2012. The note is subject to an interest rate of ten
percent (10%) and is due the sooner of (i) October 14
 2012 or (ii) from the proceeds of the next funding. The amount is still
outstanding
 and we accrue interest at the default interest rate of 18%. We expect to convert this note into convertible notes
payable later in 2015.

On
December 23
 2013
 we entered into promissory notes with four current investors in the total principal amount of $45
505. These
amounts are due December 31
 2014 and are not subject to any interest rates. These notes are exchangeable for equal aggregate
amounts of notes of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the holder surrendering the same.

On
March 24
 2014
 we entered into promissory notes with three current investors in the total principal amount of $50
000. These
amounts are due February 28
 2015 and are not subject to any interest rates. These notes are exchangeable for equal aggregate
amounts of notes of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the holder surrendering the same.

On
April 30
 2014
 we entered into a promissory note with one current investor in the total principal amount of $12
000. This amount
is due March 31
 2015 and is not subject to any interest rates. This note is exchangeable for equal aggregate amounts of notes
of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the holder surrendering the same.

On
June 11
 2014
 we entered into promissory notes with four current investors in the total principal amount of $40
000. These amounts
are due February 28
 2015 and are not subject to any interest rates. These notes are exchangeable for equal aggregate amounts
of notes of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the holder surrendering the same.

On
July 31
 2014
 we entered into a promissory note with a current investor in the total principal amount of $15
000. This amount
is due May 31
 2015 and is not subject to any interest rates. This note is exchangeable for equal aggregate amounts of notes of
different authorized denominations
 as requested by the holder surrendering the same.

On
August 21
 2014
 we entered into a promissory note with a current investor in the total principal amount of $10
000. This amount
is due August 21
 2015 and is not subject to any interest rates. This note is exchangeable for equal aggregate amounts of notes
of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the holder surrendering the same.

On
August 29
 2014
 we entered into a promissory note with a current investor in the total principal amount of $10
000. This amount
is due August 31
 2015 and is not subject to any interest rates. This note is exchangeable for equal aggregate amounts of notes
of different authorized denominations
 as requested by the holder surrendering the same.

On
September 17 and 30
 2014
 we entered into promissory notes with two current investors in the total principal amount of $40
000.
These amounts are due as follows: $10
000 due September 30
 2015
 $15
000 due August 31
 2015 and $15
000 due September 30
 2015
and are not subject to any interest rates. These notes are exchangeable for equal aggregate amounts of notes of different authorized
denominations
 as requested by the holder surrendering the same. .

On
November 19
 2014
 we entered into a promissory note with a current investor in the total principal amount of $10
000 with a maturity
date of November 30
 2015 at no interest. This note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate amount of notes of different authorized
denominations
 as requested by the holder surrendering the same.

On
November 19
 2014
 we entered into a promissory note with a current investor in the total principal amount of $31
500 with a maturity
date of December 19
 2015 at no interest. This note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate amount of notes of different authorized
denominations
 as requested by the holder surrendering the same.

On
March 5
 2015
 we entered into a promissory note with a current investor in the total principal amount of $7
500 with a maturity
date of March 5
 2016 at no interest. This note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate amount of notes of different authorized
denominations
 as requested by the holder surrendering the same.

On
March 13
 2015
 we entered into a promissory note with a current investor in the total principal amount of $7
500 with a maturity
date of March 13
 2016 at no interest. This note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate amount of notes of different authorized
denominations
 as requested by the holder surrendering the same.

On
March 19
 2015
 we entered into a promissory note with a current investor in the total principal amount of $7
500 with a maturity
date of March 19
 2016 at no interest. This note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate amount of notes of different authorized
denominations
 as requested by the holder surrendering the same.&#160;


On
March 27
 2015
 we entered into a promissory note with a current investor in the total principal amount of $7
500 with a maturity
date of March 26
 2016 at no interest. This note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate amount of notes of different authorized
denominations
 as requested by the holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be made for such registration or transfer
or exchange












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015







Note
10 &#150; &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Transactions with Related Parties:

In
connection with the reverse merger (see Note 1)
 we assumed $47
963 in advances payable to the officers of MHHI in which we paid
$1
500 in January
 2009 and issued 50 shares of common at $500.00 per share or $25
000
 resulting in an outstanding balance of
$21
463 that is due. These advances are non-interest bearing and payable upon demand.

During
the quarter ended September 30
 2009
 9
000
000 shares of Series A Preferred
 convertible into 54
000
000 shares of common stock
at the option of the holder
 were granted to Roy Warren (see Note 11). During the quarter ended March
 31
 2013
 51 shares of
Series A-1 Preferred
 convertible into 306 shares of common stock at the option of the holder
 were granted to Roy Warren for
services rendered (see Note 11(a)).

H.
John Buckman is a board director of the company and is a debt holder of the company whereas the Company issued him a note payable
at the face value of $55
000. He also received 22 shares of restricted stock that related to this note payable
 3 shares of restricted
stock for being a Director and 300 shares of restricted stock for his services related to a November
 2009 financing (total of
324 shares of restricted stock).











































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


























































































Apr. 14
 2008































Aug. 31
 2008




































































































879



























































195
794


195
794


195
794














891
182



























  2008












  2008



































































214



















Convertible Note Financing Due December 31
 2014 (Issued To SC Advisors/Southridge Partners II LP ) [Member]




































































































000


000


000

























































960




480

























































000


000


000






























































































500


500


500


500























































  2016


  2016


  2016


  2016






























































































































  2016





























































500




























500







Subsequent Event [Member] | Convertible Note Financing Due December 31
 2014 (Issued To SC Advisors/Southridge Partners II LP ) [Member]






































































000




































000


000


000


000




000





Subsequent Event [Member] | Convertible Note Financing (Conversion Date March 1
 2013) [Member]








































































625
000





























































250

















































































































































































500


500


500




500


















500


500

































  2016


  2016


  2016




  2016


















  2016


  2016



























Subsequent Event [Member] | Convertible Note Financing (Conversion Date April 1
 2013) [Member]


























































































250
000




562
500

























































700




725

















































































































































































818
400





























































700




























































































































































































































265





























































227
452





























































179
795





























































933
051






















































































































































































































































































116
580





























































654
914





























































825
139
























































Monthly carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the portion of long-term debt due within one year or the operating cycle if longer identified as Convertible Notes Payable. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.






















































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the portion of long-term debt due within one year or the operating cycle if longer identified as Convertible Notes Payable. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.















































































































































Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Net amount of the investment in a contractual right to receive money on demand or on fixed or determinable dates that is recognized as an asset in the creditor's statement of financial position. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 credit card receivables
 notes receivable and receivables relating to lessor's rights to payments from leases other than operating leases that have been recorded as assets. Excludes trade accounts receivable with contractual maturity of one year or less and arose from the sale of goods or services.




























Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.





























 -Paragraph 29
 30



























 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31


























For a debtor
 the aggregate gain (loss) recognized on the restructuring of payables
 after the impact of income tax expense or benefit
 arising from the difference between the book value of the debt before the restructuring and the fair value of the payments on the debt after restructuring is complete.























































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014




343


582





907


639





436


943





671
701


765
360





765
012)


535
402





009
277)


015)





596)







030
873)


015)





016


000





581
898


221





524
276


421
740












878


582





999


639





121)


943





204
323


765
360





711
923)


535
402





017
206)


015)












017
206)


015)





510


000





145


221





985
040


421
740












465







908







557







378







089)







929














929







506







525
753







542
626
























































596)







596)





















390)





































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.

























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























This element represents the income or loss from continuing operations attributable to the economic entity which may also be defined as revenue less expenses from ongoing operations
 after income or loss from equity method investments
 but before income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.



























This element represents the income or loss from continuing operations attributable to the economic entity which may also be defined as revenue less expenses and taxes from ongoing operations before extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.

























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.



























The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014


Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]








784
717)


753
844)





942
378












































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Nov. 30
 2009
Jan. 31
 2009
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014
Mar. 31
 2013
Sep. 30
 2009

















Due to related parties
 current





463


463













000
051


000
051





































Due to related parties
 current



963


463













500









































Stock issued during period
 shares
 issued for services














Stock issued during period
 value
 issued for services



000









































Debt instrument
 face amount

000











































Stock issued during period
 value
 restricted stock award
 gross















Received 22 shares of restricted stock that related to this note payable
3 shares of restricted stock for being a Director and 300 shares of restricted stock for his services.



















































































































000
000















000
000






























































































Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).



























Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.

























































The cash outflow for the payment of a long-term borrowing made from a related party where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.




























Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.




























Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.





























 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31




































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015







Note
15 &#150;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Subsequent Events 

On
April 1
 2015
 we issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $25
000 for their April
 2015 consulting services.

On
April 3
 2015
 we issued a promissory note to a current accredited investor for $7
500 which has a maturity date of April 3
 2016.
The note bears no interest.

On
April 9
 2015
 we issued 65
625
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the March 1
 2013 convertible note payable
for $5
250 at a conversion price of $.00008.

From
April 16
 2015 through July 30
 2015
 we issued 754
116
580 restricted shares of common stock as payments to previous employees
and certain vendors for past due services. This debt restructuring program resulted in the reduction of payables of $1
825
139
and the recording of a gain from debt restructuring for $1
654
914.

On
April 17
 2015
 we issued 121
562
500 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the April 1
 2013 convertible note payable
for $9
725 at a conversion price of $.00008.

On
April 17
 2015
 we issued a promissory note to a current accredited investor for $7
500 which has a maturity date of April 17
2016. The note bears no interest.

On
April 21
 2015
 Alpha Capital Anstalt
 Tarpon Bay Partners LLC and the Company (all &#147;shareholders&#148; of ABH) entered into
the Purchase Agreement with Harrison
 Vickers and Waterman. Inc. (HVWC) pursuant to which the shareholders sold to HVWC all of
the outstanding shares of stock of ABH
 and ABH thereupon became a wholly owned subsidiary of HVWC. In consideration for the purchase
of the shares of common stock of ABH
 HVWC issued: (i) to the Company 51 shares of Series B Preferred Stock and the B Warrant
to purchase 5
000
000 Common Stock
 at an exercise price of $0.075 per share (subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments);
(ii) to Alpha
 the Secured Convertible Note in the principal amount of $1
619
375
 the Alpha Warrant to purchase 1
295
500
000
shares of HVWC&#146;s Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.0025 per share (subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments)
and an AIR to purchase up to $3
750
000 in the AIR Note and the AIR Warrant; and (iii) to Tarpon
 a Secured Convertible Note in
the principal amount of $554
791.67
 the Tarpon Warrant to purchase 443
833
333 shares of HVWC&#146;s Common Stock at an exercise
price of $0.0025 per share (subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments)
 and an AIR to purchase up to $1
250
000 in additional
notes and corresponding AIR Warrants. In addition
 Alpha acquired 32
300 shares of the HVWC&#146;s Series A Preferred Stock (convertible
into 32
300
000 shares of the HVWC&#146;s Common Stock) from HVW Holdings LLC (an entity of which Mr. James Giordano
 the Company&#146;s
prior Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
 is the managing member)
 subject to the terms of a Purchase Agreement
(the &#147;Series A Purchase Agreement&#148;). The Company purchased 87
990
000 shares of Common Stock from HVW Holdings LLC at
a price of $65
000
 subject to the terms of a Purchase Agreement (the &#147;Common Stock Purchase Agreement&#148;). The Company
is now the majority owner of HVWC.

On
April 24
 2015
 the Company issued a promissory note to a current accredited investor for $7
500 which has a maturity date of
April 24
 2016. The note bears no interest.

On
April 30
 2015
 the Company issued 121
250
000 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the April 1
 2013 convertible
note payable for $9
700 at a conversion price of $.00008.

On
May 1
 2015
 the Company issued a promissory note to a current accredited investor for $7
500 which has a maturity date of May
1
 2016. The note bears no interest.

On
May 1
 2015
 the Company issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $25
000 for their May
 2015 consulting services.

On
May 8
 2015
 the Company issued a promissory note to a current accredited investor for $16
500 which has a maturity date of May
8
 2016. The note bears no interest.

On
May 15
 2015
 the Company issued a promissory note to a current accredited investor for $7
500 which has a maturity date of May
15
 2016. The note bears no interest.

On
May 20
 2015
 the Company issued 106
818
400 shares of common stock pursuant to a conversion of the April
 2014 note for $7
700
and accrued interest of $311 at a conversion price of $.000075.

On
May 22
 2015
 the Company issued a convertible note to an accredited investor for $7
500 which has a maturity date of May 22
2016. The note bears no interest.

On
May 26
 2015
 HVWC
 in which Attitude Drinks Incorporated is the majority owner
 filed a Form 8-K to change their independent
registered public accounting firm effective May 8
 2015 to Scrudato and Co.
 PA (same registered public accounting firm used by
Attitude Drinks Incorporated).

On
May 29
 2015
 the Company issued a convertible note to an accredited investor for $7
500 which has a maturity date of May 29
2015. The note bears no interest.

On
May 29
 2015
 the Company&#146;s majority owned subsidiary
 ABH
 entered into an operating agreement with New England WOB
 LLC
for the development of a World of Beer franchise location in Milford
 Connecticut.

On
June 1
 2015
 the Company issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $25
000 for their June
 2015 consulting services.&#160;

On
June 25
 2015
 the Company filed a DEF14C filing whereas on June 10
 2015
 Attitude obtained the approval by written consent of
the holders of a majority of our voting power to approve an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation to
effectuate a reverse stock split of our outstanding shares of common stock by a ratio of not less than 1-for-50 and not greater
than 1-for-100 with the Board of Directors to determine the exact ratio
 adopt the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan and amend the Certificate
of Designations of the Series A Preferred Stock
 resulting in 5
000
000 shares of preferred stock being authorized but not designated
of the decrease. The Board of Directors has unanimously approved the Amendment
 Plan and Decrease with effectiveness 20 calendar
days after June 25
 2015.

On
July 1
 2015
 the Company issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $25
000 for their July
 2015 consulting services.

On
July 29
 2015
 HVWC. which Attitude Drinks Incorporated is the majority owner issued a convertible note in the amount of $80
000
with a maturity date of July 29
 2017 at an interest rate of 10% as well as 64
000 warrants with a life of 7 years and an exercise
price of $0.0025.&#160;

On
August 1
 2015
 the Company issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $25
000 for their August
 2015 consulting
services

On
August 12
 2015
 the Company filed a Form 8K to list filings with the state of Delaware for a (1) Corrected Restated Certificate
of Incorporation (2) Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Designations
 Powers
 Preferences and Rights of Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock and (3) Certificate of Designations
 Preferences
 and Rights of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock.

On
August 18
 2015 and August 28
 2015
 the Company filed a Form 8K for the exchange of notes payable and past due accrued salaries
for shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock
 warrants equating to the same number of common stock from conversions of Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock as well as Additional Investment Rights to purchase same number of Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock and corresponding warrants. A total of 4
265 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock were issued for these debt exchanges.
Total notes payable
 accrued interest payable and accrued salaries and accrued payroll taxes in the total amount of $8
227
452
were taken off the Company&#146;s records with approximately $3
933
051 that was moved to equity accounts for the Series C Convertible
Preferred Stock transactions and $4
179
795 recorded of a gain from the debt restructuring program for the forgiveness of approximately
one half of the past due liabilities.

Also
on August 18
 2015
 HVWC which Attitude Drinks Incorporated is the majority owner filed a DEF 14C which the majority of the voting
power was received to change the name of Harrison
 Vickers and Waterman Inc. to Attitude Beer
 Inc. In addition
 approval was
received to increase the authorized common stock from 2
000
000
000 to 7
500
000
000 as well as the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan.
An application has been filed with FINRA to approve these requests.&#160;

On
September 1
 2015
 the Company issued a convertible note to Southridge Partners II LP for $25
000 for their September
 2015 consulting
services.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015







Convertible
debt carrying values consist of the following:




    
    
    
    
Fair
    Value Amounts
    

    
    
    
    
March 31

    
    
March 31

    

Face
    Value
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
5
547
372
    
Convertible
    Note Financing due February 21 2015 (a)
 (1)
    
    
5
413
574
    
    
    
5
554
182
    

    
605
520
    
Convertible Note
    Financing due December 31
 2014 (b)
 (2)
    
    
605
520
    
    
    
400
000
    

    
37
000
    
Convertible Note
    Financing due June 7
 2014 (c)
 (3)
    
    
37
000
    
    
    
37
000
    

    
1
204
500
    
Convertible Note
    Financing due December 24
 2014 (d)
 (4)
    
    
1
204
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
35
200
    
Convertible Note
    Financing due&#160;&#160;May 13
 2015 (e)
 (5)
    
    
35
200
    
    
    
    
    

    
20
000
    
Convertible Note
    Financing due&#160;&#160;December 22
 2016 (f)
 (6)
    
    
20
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
58
500
    
Convertible Note
    Financing due January 14
 2017 (g)
 (7)
    
    
58
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Less
    discount on convetible notes (4)
    
    
(196
499
    
    
    
(3
511
738
    

    
7
508
092
    
Total
    convertible notes payable (8)
    
    
7
177
795
    
    
    
2
479
444
    




Annual
maturities of long-term outstanding convertible debt (face value) as of March 31
 2015 are as follows:&#160;


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Years
    ending March 31

    
    
$
    Amount
    

    
    
    
    
    
5
695
142
    

    
    
    
    
    
335
200
    

    
    
    
    
    
70
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
108
500
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
6
208
842
    




In
addition
 additional allonge financings were added as follows:




&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;TABLE
    FOR ADDED ALLONGES
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;71
500
    

    
    
    
    
    
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;88
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;88
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;82
500
    

    
    
    
    
    
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;110
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;110
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;55
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;55
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;55
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;27
500
    

    
    
    
    
    
25
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
767
500
    
































































Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }























































































Apr. 14
 2008











































































Aug. 31
 2008





















































































































  2008
































  2008









































































879























































































































































































000


000


000






















000











































  2015


  2015


  2015

































































































































































































000


000

















































































































































































































































000



















































































































































































500





































































  2015













































































































































































































































000

















































































































































































000





































































  2015





























































































































































































000





































































  2015









































































































































































































































000





































































  2015

















































































































































































































000





































































  2015

















































































































































































































505





































































  2014





















































































































































































































000










































































































































 2012 or (ii) from the proceeds of the next funding.






































































































































000









































































000

















































































































































































000










































































































































 2012 or (ii) from the proceeds of the next funding.






































































































































































000



















































































































































































000










































































































































 2012 or (ii) from the proceeds of the next funding.








































































































































000





















































































































































































































































750





































































000





































































250





































































250







































































































































































762




































762





































































  2011









































































































































Number of days elapsed over a 360-day year on
the unpaid balance. The default rate is a per annum interest rate equal to the maximum amount permitted by applicable law as we
currently use 15%.






































































































000





































































000





































































































































































































500


500


500


500































































  2016


  2016


  2016


  2016

































































































































































































500


500


500


500
























500


500





































  2016


  2016


  2016


  2016
























  2016


  2016







































Refers to interest rate relating to debt default










































































































































































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Description of the interest rate as being fixed or variable
 and
 if variable
 identification of the index or rate on which the interest rate is based and the number of points or percentage added to that index or rate to set the rate
 and other pertinent information
 such as frequency of rate resets.

























































Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014











719
785


261
045





846
857


456
904





000


000





640


000





792


792





690


567





757
764


733
308




































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for the marketing
 trade and selling of the entity's goods and services.   Marketing costs would include expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services; costs of public relations and corporate promotions; and obligations incurred and payable for sales discounts
 rebates
 price protection programs
 etc. offered to customers and under government programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for statutory payroll taxes incurred through that date and withheld from employees pertaining to services received from them
 including entity's matching share of the employees FICA taxes and contributions to the state and federal unemployment insurance programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).



























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for professional fees
 such as for legal and accounting services received. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).



























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Balance
 at beginning at Mar. 31
 2013





686
258


541
829)


855
297)



Balance
 at beginning (in shares) at Mar. 31
 2013

000
051


414
546


























633


163




796







299
588















997




997











015)


015)



Balance
 at end at Mar. 31
 2014



817


416
418


753
844)


335
519)



Balance
 at end (in shares) at Mar. 31
 2014

000
051


714
134


























795


737




532







479
228






























030
873)


030
873)



Balance
 at end at Mar. 31
 2015



612


830
637


784
717)


942
378)



Balance
 at end (in shares) at Mar. 31
 2015

000
051


161
193
362













Amount of decrease in additional paid in capital (APIC) resulting from direct costs associated with issuing stock. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal and accounting fees and direct costs associated with stock issues under a shelf registration.





















































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
















































































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.




















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]







    
    



comprised of the following as of March 31
 2015 and 2014 :



    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

082

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

013

    
    
    


    



    
    
    
    



972 and
$7
278 for the year ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.


































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014
















Benefit at state rate
 net of federal deficit




























































































































































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015







Summary
of short-term bridge loan balances is as follows:&#160;


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
March
    31
 2015
    
    
March
    31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
April 14
 2008 (a)
    
    
    
60
000
    
    
    
60
000
    

    
August 5
 2008 (b)
    
    
    
55
000
    
    
    
55
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
115
000
    
    
    
115
000
    




We entered
into the following Modification and Waiver Agreements related to the April 14
 2008 financing:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Extend maturity to July 19
 2008
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Extend maturity to December 15
 2008
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Extend maturity date to April 30
 2009
    
1)
        Warrants indexed to 12 shares of common stock (warrants have expired)&#160;
2)12
        shares of restricted stock&#160;































































Tabular disclosure of short-term debt arrangements (having initial terms of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer) including: (1) description of the short-term debt arrangement; (2) identification of the lender or type of lender; (3) repayment terms; (4) weighted average interest rate; (5) carrying amount of funds borrowed under the specified short-term debt arrangement as of the balance sheet date; (6) description of the refinancing of a short-term obligation when that obligation is excluded from current liabilities in the balance sheet; and (7) amount of a short-term obligation that has been excluded from current liabilities in the balance sheet because of a refinancing of the obligation.







































  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      




 column(s) 3
 4
 5 are contained in other reports



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  















							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014


Shipping
 handling and transportation costs

989


119












540


732





770
207
129


724
704
499












631


002





839





Sales
 net

343


582





885



















Sales
 net

895












Concentration risk
 percentage








027












Intangible asset
 useful life




















Intangible asset
 useful life













Fixed assets
 useful life













Fixed assets
 useful life













Fixed assets
 useful life













Fixed assets
 useful life
























































































































































































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.




























The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.



























For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.



























Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).





















































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015







Note
14 -&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Segment Reporting

The
Company operates in two segments which are consistent with its internal organization. The major segments are beverage brand development
and restaurant/tavern World of Beer franchise locations.

Revenues
expenses and assets not explicitly attributed to a segment are deemed to be unallocated.

See
below for a summary:




    

    

MARCH 31
 2015

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
53
878
    
    
    
738
465
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
792
343
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
154
999
    
    
    
209
908
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
364
907
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(101
121
    
    
    
528
557
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
427
436
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
204
323
    
    
    
467
378
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
671
701
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(3
711
923
    
    
    
(53
089
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
765
012
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(5
017
206
    
    
    
7
929
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(5
009
277
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(21
596
    
    
    
(21
596
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(5
017
206
    
    
    
7
929
    
    
    
(21
596
    
    
    
(5
030
873
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
36
510
    
    
    
315
506
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
352
016
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
56
145
    
    
    
1
525
753
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
581
898
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
16
985
040
    
    
    
1
542
626
    
    
    
(3
390
    
    
    
18
524
276
    





    

    

MARCH 31
 2014

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
182
582
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
182
582
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
164
639
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
164
639
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
17
943
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
17
943
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
765
360
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
765
360
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
535
402
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
535
402
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(212
015
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(212
015
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(212
015
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(212
015
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
55
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
55
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
86
221
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
86
221
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
421
740
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
12
421
740
    



































The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.






























