

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-011237
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		40
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20160701
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20160701
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Aureus Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001624517
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		IRS NUMBER:				471893698
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55398
		FILM NUMBER:		161747073
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 SOUTH VIRGINIA
 8TH FLOOR
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89501
		BUSINESS PHONE:		775-398-3173
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 SOUTH VIRGINIA
 8TH FLOOR
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89501








     





UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

[X]&nbsp;&nbsp;ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
October 31
 2015

[&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp;&nbsp;TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the transition period from: _____________________

Commission
file number: 

AUREUS
INCORPORATED
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



    
    
    

(State
    or other jurisdiction of
    
(I.R.S.
    Employer

incorporation
    or organization)
    
Identification
    No.)


3555
&frac12; Tizer Lane
 Helena
 MT 59602 
(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(775)
398-3173


Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Act:



Title
    of each class
    
Name
    of each exchange on which registered

    
    
    


Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Act:

Common
Stock
 $0.001 par value
(Title
of class)

With
a copy to:
Philip
Magri
 Esq.
Magri
Law
 LLC
2642
NE 9th Avenue
Fort
Lauderdale
 FL 33334
T:
(646) 502-5900
F:
(646) 826-9200



Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
Yes
[&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
Yes
[&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
Yes
[&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect; 229.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
Yes
[&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&sect;229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;non-accelerated
filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):



    
Large
    accelerated filer
    
Accelerated
    filer
    

    
Non-accelerated
    filer
    
Smaller
    reporting company
    


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).
Yes
[&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price
at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day
of the registrant&rsquo;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 

As
of July 1
 2016
 there were 126
450
000 shares of the Registrant&rsquo;s common stock issued and outstanding.

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:








    
    



TABLE
OF CONTENTS



PART
    I
    
    

FORWARD
    LOOKING STATEMENTS
    
    

ITEM
    1. BUSINESS.
    
    

ITEM
    1A. RISK FACTORS.
    
    

ITEM
    1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS.
    
    

ITEM
    2. PROPERTIES.
    
    

ITEM
    3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.
    
    

ITEM
    4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.
    
    

    
    
    

PART
    II
    
    

ITEM
    5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.
    
    

ITEM
    6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.
    
    

ITEM
    7. MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.
    
    

ITEM
    7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.
    
    

ITEM
    8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.
    
    

ITEM
    9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.
    
    

ITEM
    9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.
    
    

ITEM
    9B. OTHER INFORMATION.
    
    

    
    
    

PART
    III
    
    

ITEM
    10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.
    
    

ITEM
    11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
    
    

ITEM
    12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.
    
    

ITEM
    13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.
    
    

ITEM
    14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES.
    
    

    
    
    

PART
    IV
    
    

ITEM
    15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    



PART
I

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K and certain information incorporated herein by reference contain forward-looking statements and information
within the &ldquo;safe harbor&rdquo; provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
 Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933
 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. This information includes assumptions made by
 and information
currently available to management
 including statements regarding future economic performance and financial condition
 liquidity
and capital resources
 acceptance of our products by the market
 and management&rsquo;s plans and objectives. In addition
 certain
statements included in this and our future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;)
 in press releases
and in oral and written statements made by us or with our approval
 which are not statements of historical fact
 are forward-looking
statements. Words such as &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;would
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo;
&ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;expectation
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;seeks
&rdquo;
&ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;continue
&rdquo; &ldquo;predict
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo;
and other words or expressions of similar meaning are intended by us to identify forward-looking statements
 although not all
forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These forward-looking statements are found at various places throughout
this report and in the documents incorporated herein by reference. These statements are based on our current expectations about
future events or results and information that is currently available to us
 involve assumptions
 risks
 and uncertainties
 and
speak only as of the date on which such statements are made.

Actual
results and outcomes may differ materially from those expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements. Factors that may
cause such a difference include
 but are not limited to
 those discussed in Part I
 Item 1A
 &ldquo;Risk Factors
&rdquo; below.
Except as expressly required by the federal securities laws
 we undertake no obligation to update any such factors
 or to publicly
announce the results of
 or changes to any of the forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect future events
 developments
changed circumstances
 or for any other reason.

Unless
otherwise noted
 as used herein
 the terms &ldquo;
&rdquo; &ldquo;
&rdquo; the &ldquo;
&rdquo;
&ldquo;
&rdquo; refer to Aureus Incorporated
 a Nevada corporation.

ITEM
1. BUSINESS.

Corporate
History; Change in Control

The
Company was incorporated in the Nevada on April 19
 2013.

On
September 30
 2015
 the Company
 Dong Gu Kang and Min Jung Kang
 the principal stockholders of the Company (the &ldquo;Selling
Stockholders&rdquo;)
 and Maverick
 LLC
 a Nevis limited liability company (&ldquo;Maverick&rdquo;)
 entered into a stock purchase
agreement (the &ldquo;Stock Purchase Agreement&rdquo;)
 pursuant to which Maverick purchased an aggregate of 90
000
000 shares
(the &ldquo;Shares&rdquo;) of common stock
 par value $0.001 per share (the &ldquo;Common Stock&rdquo;)
 of the Company from the
Selling Stockholders in consideration for $0.001 per share
 for a total purchase price of $6
000. The Shares represent approximately
71.17% of the 126
450
000 outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company
 and the transaction constituted a change in control
of the Company. Maverick purchased the Shares by issuing each Selling Stockholder a non-interest bearing promissory note for his
pro rata portion of the Shares. Both promissory notes are unsecured
 mature December 30
 2016 and may be prepaid without penalty.
Ester Barrios is the Managing Member of Maverick has voting and dispositive control over these securities.



    
    


In
connection with the Stock Purchase Agreement
 the Company
 Selling Stockholders and Maverick entered into a debt assumption agreement
(the &ldquo;Debt Assumption Agreement&rdquo;) pursuant to which Maverick assumed an aggregate of $24
656 in outstanding debt owed
the Selling Stockholders by the Company; constituting 100% of the debt owed the Selling Stockholders of the Company.

The
Stock Purchase Agreement and Debt Assumption Agreement contained customary representations
 warranties and covenants made by the
Selling Stockholders
 Maverick and the Company.

On
September 17
 2015
 the board of directors (the &ldquo;Board&rdquo;) of the Company increased the size of the Board to three persons
and appointed Mr. Tracy Fortner to fill the created vacancy. Directors serve for a period of one year until the next stockholders&rsquo;
meeting and until their respective successor is elected and qualifies.

On
September 17
 2015
 Dong Gu Kang and Min Jung Kang resigned from the board of directors and as executive officers of the Company
effective immediately. Dong Gu Kang had been serving as the President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Secretary of the Company. Min
Jung Kang had been serving as the Treasurer of the Company. Their respective departures were not related to any issues regarding
financial disclosures or accounting or legal matters.

On
September 17
 2015
 the Board appointed Tracy Fortner as the President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Secretary and Treasurer of the
Company.

On
November 25
 2015
 we effected a fifteen-for-one (15:1) forward stock split (the &ldquo;Forward Split&rdquo;) of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock
 without changing the authorized number or par value of the Common Stock and with fractional shares resulting from
the Forward Split being rounded up to the nearest whole number. As a result of the Forward Split
 the number of the Company&rsquo;s
issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock was increased from 8
430
000 to 126
450
000. Unless noted otherwise
 all share amounts
in this Annual Report reflect the Forward Split.



We
are a startup mining exploration company without mining operations. Since our inception
 we have not generated any revenues and
at October 31
 2015
 our net losses were $76
094. In their audit report included in this Annual Report
 our auditors have expressed
their doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. To date
 we have funded our operations by issuing equity and debt
and our lack of capital has delayed the implementation of our business plan. There can be no assurances that we will be able to
obtain such capital on sufficient terms
 if at all.

On
October 1
 2014
 we entered into a Purchase Agreement and paid a total deposit of $15
000 for the Gold Creek Property comprising
of one claim block of 11 claims or 220 acres
 in Elko County
 Nevada (the &ldquo;Property&rdquo;). The Property can be accessed
via Nevada State Route #225 connecting to county road USFS Road #745) which provide access to the immediately adjacent Gold Creek
Ranger Station. The nearest commercial airport is in Reno
 approximately 260 road miles from the Property. The Gold Creek Property
Agreement was entered into for the sum of $15
000
 for a 100% interest in the Property. The claims were registered in the name
of Gold Exploration Management Services
 Inc. (&ldquo;Gold Exploration&rdquo;). On August 31
 2015
 Gold Exploration&rsquo;s title
to the mining claims on the Property expired but has been re-staked by the Company. Due to the Land Freeze (as defined below)
by the ILLM in 2015 of 10 million acres of public and National Forest System lands identified as Sagebrush Focal Areas in Idaho
Montana
 Nevada
 Oregon
 Utah
 and Wyoming from location and entry under the United States mining laws to protect the greater
sage-grouse
 Gold Creek&rsquo;s title to the mining claims on the Property were not able to be transferred into the Company&rsquo;s
name. The Company anticipates once the Land Freeze is lifted
 of which there can be no assurances
 Gold Exploration will apply
to renew the claims and at that point the claims are expected to be transferred to the Company. There can be no assurances that
the Land Freeze will be lifted or that if lifted
 we will have sufficient funds to have the mining claims transferred into the
Company&rsquo;s name.



    
    


On
October 1
 2014
 we entered into an agreement with Gold Exploration Management Services
 Inc. to provide us with a summary report
about the mining claims
 describes the mining claims
 the regional geology
 the mineral potential of the claim and recommendations
how we should explore the claim.

Land
Freeze &ndash; Force Majeure

As
discussed more fully below under &ldquo;Government Regulations and Regulations &ndash; Greater Sage-Grouse Conservation
&rdquo;
commencing in 2010
 there has been heightened awareness of the conservation of the greater sage-grouse
 the largest grouse found
in North America currently inhabiting the sage-steppe ecosystems in Montana
 southern Idaho
 northeastern California
 eastern
Oregon
 northwestern Colorado
 and broader sections of Wyoming
 Utah and Nevada.

In
2014
 Nevada adopted the Nevada Greater Sage-grouse Conservation Plan of 2014 (&ldquo;2014 State Plan&rdquo;)
 a sage-grouse conservation
plan which provides broad goals
 objectives
 and management actions to ameliorate the primary threats to sage-grouse in Nevada.
Nevada is also in the process of developing a Nevada Sage-Grouse Strategic Action Plan (&ldquo;SAP&rdquo;) which is expected to
into greater detail and identify areas to focus conservation efforts in order to achieve the broad goals and objectives outlined
in the 2014 State Plan.

Also
on September 23
 2015
 the Assistant Secretary of the Interior for Land and Minerals Management (&ldquo;ILLM&rdquo;) approved


lands identified as Sagebrush Focal Areas in Idaho
 Montana
 Nevada
 Oregon
 Utah
 and Wyoming from location and entry under the
United States mining laws to protect the greater sage-grouse and its habitat from adverse effects of locatable mineral exploration
and mining
 subject to valid existing rights (the &ldquo;Land Freeze&rdquo;). Comments on the proposed withdrawal application
or scoping comments on issues to be analyzed in the Environmental Impact Statement must have been received by December 23
 2015.

The
Company&rsquo;s Property is included in the approximately 10 million acres of land currently closed for mining exploration under
the Land Freeze by the ILLM and being studied by Nevada in connection with SAP. Therefore
 under this force majeure event
 the
Company is currently prohibited from conducting any mining activities on the Property and
 depending on the outcomes of the ILLM&rsquo;s
Environmental Impact Statement and Nevada&rsquo;s SAP
 the Company may be permanently prohibited or restricted from conducting
any activities on the Property. The Company intends
 however
 to pursue potential acquisitions of other land on which it may conduct
mining activities. The Company is not currently a party to any oral or written agreement to purchase any land at this point in
time.

If
and when we are permitted to conduct exploration activities on the Property
 of which there can be no assurances
 or any additional
land we acquire
 our goal is to assess whether our claim or claims possess any commercially viable mineral deposits by a four
phase program.



    
    


Also
the Property is not
 and any claims we may acquire will not be
 accessible all year round. There are periods where our claims
may be un-accessible each year due to snow in the area. This means that our exploration activities may be limited to a period
of about eight to nine months per year.

The
following table summarizes the four phases of our anticipated exploration program on the Property and any claims we may acquire
(assuming we are permitted to conduct mining activities).



    
    
    

    

 Geological and Geochemical Screening. 
9
500

    

 Geological Mapping
 Site Prep
 additional sampling 
27
500

    
    
67
144

    

    
248
930

    
    
353
074.00


If
our exploration activities indicate that there are no commercially viable mineral deposits on our mining claims
 we will abandon
the claims and stake or acquire new claims to explore. We will continue to stake and explore claims as long as we can afford to
do so.

Important
Note: The following disclosure discusses the Property we placed a deposit on in October 2014 and assumes that we will be permitted
to conduct exploration activities there
 of which there can be no assurances. See &ldquo;Land Freeze &ndash; Force Majeure&rdquo;
and &ldquo;Risk Factors - 
 we are currently prohibited from conducting any activities on the Property
Due to the Land Freeze on the Property in 2015
 we have been unable have the title
to the mining claims on the Property transferred into the Company&rsquo;s name.



    
    


Location
and Means of Access to Our Mining Claims

The
Island Mountain Mining District
 in which the Gold Creek prospect lies
 occupies an area of about 22 square km in the northern
portion of the Independence Mountain Range
 60 miles (97 km) north of Elko
 Nevada
 along Nevada State Route #225 connecting to
county road USFS Road #745) which provide access to the immediately adjacent Gold Creek Ranger Station.

Mining
Claim Description

The
Gold Creek Property mining claims are currently expired and we hope to renew these claims if and when the land freeze is lifted.
There are no third party conditions which affect the claims other than conditions defined by the State of Nevada as described
below. The Property covers an area of 220 acres. We did not have insurance covering the claims. We believe that no insurance is
necessary since the claims are unimproved and contain no buildings or improvements and contains no infrastructure on the claims.
The claim numbers
 previous registered owner number
 expiration date
 number of units
 and work requirement as typically recorded
in the State of Nevada is as follows:





    
    
    
    
    

    

 Inc. (100%)
    
    
2
175

    
    
    
    
    

    
.
                                         NMCI083890 
. NMC1083891
                                         
. NMC1083892
                                         
. NMC1083893
                                         
. NMC1083894
                                         
                                         
.
                                         NMC1083896 
. NMC1083897
                                         
. NMC1083898
                                         
.
                                         NMC1083899 
.
                                         NMC1083900
    
    
2
175




    
    


The
Gold Creek Property is located approximately 60 miles (97 km) North of Elko
 Nevada
 and 260 miles (418 km) northeast of Reno
Nevada
 in the Island Mountain Mining District
 the GPS coordinates are LATITUDE 41&ordm; 30&rsquo; 00&rdquo; N and LONGITUDE
115&ordm; 43&rsquo; 00&rdquo; W. The Property lies between 6
000 and 6
700 feet in elevation in a mountainous but not steeply
rugged area. The land is administered by the United States Bureau of Land Management and the National Forest Service. Some adjoining
areas are covered by other active mining claims. The land is used primarily for free range grazing and limited recreation but
numerous major mines exist within 50 miles of the site and mining is an important part of the local culture.

There
is no assurance that a commercially viable mineral deposit exists on the Property. Exploration will be required before an evaluation
as to the economic feasibility of the claim can be determined. It is our intention to record the deed of ownership in the name
of Aureus Incorporated. Until we can validate otherwise
 the Property is without known reserves and we have planned a four phase
exploration program as recommended by our consulting geologist. We have not commenced any exploration or work on the claim and
as discussed herein
 are prohibited from doing so in connection with the federal and state conservation studies and activities
in connection with the greater sage-grouse.

Conditions
to Retain Title the Mining Claim

In
order to retain title to the mining claims
 we are required to renew the claims on an annual basis and pay fees. The title of
the mining claims on the Property were previously registered in the name of Gold Exploration Management Services
 Inc. (&ldquo;Gold
Exploration&rdquo;). On August 31
 2015
 Gold Exploration&rsquo;s title to the mining claims on the Property expired but has been
re-staked by the Company. Due to the Land Freeze by the ILLM in 2015 to protect the greater sage-grouse
 Gold Exploration&rsquo;s
title to the mining claims on the Property were not able to be transferred into the Company&rsquo;s name. The Company anticipates
once the Land Freeze is lifted
 Gold Exploration will apply to renew the claims and at that point the claims are expected to be
transferred to the Company. There can be no assurances that the Land Freeze will be lifted or that if lifted
 we will have sufficient
funds to have the mining claims transferred into the Company&rsquo;s name.

Geology
of the Mining Claims

The
geology of the Property is documented in mapping reported by Coash (1967) and Bushnell (1967) with refined stratigraphic work
and age dates by Ketner
 2005. The Property is underlain by sheared
 variably silicified and decalcified distal carbonate turbidities
of the Tennessee Mountain Formation of Cambrian to Ordovician age (438 to 500 million years). These rocks are the footwall of
major regional thrust faults which placed Pennsylvanian age Havallasequence (280 to 360 million years) and Upper Pennsylvanian
Hammond Canyon and Sunflower Formations (280 to 248 million years). These rocks are intruded by the Cretaceous Coffeepot granitoid
stock which is the center of extensive mineralizing activity including contact metasomatic and replacement deposits and probably
the other major prospects in progressively lower temperature zones and varied host chemistry in a broad halo.

It
is significant also that the smaller Gold Creek Pluton 1.5 km west of the Property has been successful explored by Gateway Gold
in its Coleman Creek property. The host rocks of interest at Gold Creek are the Sunflower and Hammond Canyon Formations
 which
are silty and locally cherty carbonate rocks affected by intense faulting
 fracturing and alteration. The target at Coleman Creek
is gold in veins
 skarn
 hornfels
 fractured diorite and jasperoid. These are proximal to the diorite stock
 and the operative
model in this proposal is delineation of disseminated gold in the altered and receptive siliceous carbonate units more distal
from the intrusive heat sources.



    
    


The
subject claims are not covered by the younger volcanic rocks noted in the regional overview. Consequently
 the area is suitable
for low cost
 low impact Phase I studies.

Competitive
Conditions

The
mineral exploration business is an extremely competitive industry. We are competing with many other exploration companies looking
for minerals. We are one of the smallest exploration companies and a very small participant in the mineral exploration business.
Being a junior mineral exploration company
 we compete with other companies like ours for financing and joint venture partners.
Additionally
 we compete for resources such as professional geologists
 camp staff
 helicopters and mineral exploration supplies.

Dependence
on Major Customers

We
have no customers.

Intellectual
Property and Agreements

We
have no intellectual property such as patents or trademarks. Additionally
 we have no royalty agreements or labor contracts.

Government
Approvals and Regulations

Greater
Sage-Grouse Conservation

In
March 2010
 the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (&ldquo;USFWS&rdquo;) submitted a finding of &ldquo;warranted for listing but precluded
by higher priorities&rdquo; with regard to the greater sage-grouse
 the largest grouse found in North America currently inhabiting
the sage-steppe ecosystems in Montana
 southern Idaho
 northeastern California
 eastern Oregon
 northwestern Colorado
 and broader
sections of Wyoming
 Utah and Nevada. The USFWS finding that listing is &ldquo;warranted but precluded&rdquo; results in recognition
of the greater sage-grouse as a candidate for listing as a threatened or endangered species under the Endangered Species Act (the
&ldquo;ESA&rdquo;). The USFWS later entered into a court settlement with several environmental groups
 which included a schedule
for making listing determinations on over 200 candidate species
 including the sage-grouse. In compliance with the consent decree
on September 22
 2015
 the USFWS issued a decision that the species did not warrant listing as an endangered species under the
ESA. The USFWS reached this determination after evaluating the species&rsquo; population status
 along with the collective efforts
by The Bureau of Land Management (the &ldquo;BLM&rdquo;) and the U.S. Forest Service (the &ldquo;USFS&rdquo;)
 state agencies
private landowners and other partners to conserve its habitat.

In
connection with aforementioned-efforts
 in 2014
 Nevada adopted the Nevada Greater Sage-grouse Conservation Plan of 2014 (&ldquo;2014
State Plan&rdquo;)
 a sage-grouse conservation plan specific to Nevada. The 2014 State Plan provides broad goals
 objectives
and management actions to ameliorate the primary threats to sage-grouse in Nevada and requires that any development that affects
a greater sage-grouse habitat in Nevada will need to acquire credits to compensate for the effects before the development proceeds.
In addition to the 2014 State Plan
 Nevada is in the process of developing a Nevada Sage-Grouse Strategic Action Plan (&ldquo;SAP&rdquo;).
The SAP will be a companion document to the 2014 State Plan and will go into greater detail and identify areas to focus conservation
efforts in order to achieve the broad goals and objectives outlined in the 2014 State Plan. The SAP will identify where the primary
threats to sage-grouse habitat are located across the landscape and provide specific guidance on how to ameliorate these threats
based on local area conditions
 resistance and resilience regimes
 and ecological site descriptions.



    
    


On
September 23
 2015
 the Assistant Secretary of the Interior for Land and Minerals Management (&ldquo;ILLM&rdquo;) approved an
application to withdraw (i.e.
 close for mining) approximately 10 million acres of public and National Forest System lands identified
as Sagebrush Focal Areas in Idaho
 Montana
 Nevada
 Oregon
 Utah
 and Wyoming from location and entry under the United States
mining laws to protect the greater sage-grouse and its habitat from adverse effects of locatable mineral exploration and mining
subject to valid existing rights (the &ldquo;Land Freeze&rdquo;). Comments on the proposed withdrawal application or scoping comments
on issues to be analyzed in the Environmental Impact Statement must have been received by December 23
 2015. The Company&rsquo;s
Property is included in the Land Freeze. Therefore
 due the Land Freeze
 of which the Company has no control and was not foreseeable
(i.e.
 force majeure)
 the Company is currently prohibited from conducting any mining activities on the Property and
 depending
on the outcomes of the ILLM&rsquo;s Environmental Impact Statement and Nevada&rsquo;s SAP
 the Company may be permanently prohibited
or restricted from conducting any activities on the Property. The Company intends
 however
 to pursue potential acquisitions of
other land on which it may conduct mining activities. The Company is not currently a party to any oral or written agreement to
purchase any land at this point in time.

Federal
land management agencies
 including the U.S. Bureau of Land Management
 may impose additional restrictions and mitigation obligations
on development activities occurring on federal lands
 which could also adversely impact our business.

Mining
Control and Reclamation Regulations

The
Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 (&ldquo;SMCRA&rdquo;) is administered by the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation
and Enforcement (&ldquo;OSM&rdquo;) and establishes mining
 environmental protection and reclamation standards for all aspects
of U.S. surface mining
 as well as many aspects of underground mining. Mine operators must obtain SMCRA permits and permit renewals
for mining operations from the OSM. Although state regulatory agencies have adopted federal mining programs under SMCRA
 the state
becomes the regulatory authority. States in which we expect to have active future mining operations have achieved primary control
of enforcement through federal authorization.

SMCRA
permit provisions include requirements for prospecting including mine plan development
 topsoil removal
 storage and replacement
selective handling of overburden materials
 mine pit backfilling and grading
 protection of the hydrologic balance
 subsidence
control for underground mines
 surface drainage control
 mine drainage and mine discharge control and treatment and re-vegetation.

The
U.S. mining permit application process is initiated by collecting baseline data to adequately characterize the pre-mining environmental
condition of the permit area. We will develop mine and reclamation plans by utilizing this geologic data and incorporating elements
of the environmental data. Our mine and reclamation plans incorporate the provisions of SMCRA
 state programs and complementary
environmental programs which impact mining. Also included in the permit application are documents defining ownership and agreements
pertaining to minerals
 oil and gas
 water rights
 rights of way and surface land and documents required of the OSM&rsquo;s Applicant
Violator System
 including the mining and compliance history of officers
 directors and principal stockholders of the applicant.

Once
a permit application is prepared and submitted to the regulatory agency
 it goes through a completeness and technical review.
Public notice of the proposed permit is given for a comment period before a permit can be issued. Some SMCRA mine permit applications
take over a year to prepare
 depending on the size and complexity of the mine and often take six months to two years to be issued.
Regulatory authorities have considerable discretion in the timing of the permit issuance and the public has the right to comment
on
 and otherwise engage in
 the permitting process including public hearings and intervention by the courts.



    
    


Surface
Disturbance

All
mining activities governed by the Bureau of Land Management (&ldquo;BLM&rdquo;) require reasonable reclamation. The lowest level
of mining activity
 &ldquo;casual use
&rdquo; is designed for the miner or weekend prospector who creates only negligible surface
disturbance (for example
 activities that do not involve the use of earth-moving equipment or explosives may be considered casual
use). These activities would not require either a notice of intent to operate or a plan of operation.

The
second level of activity
 where surface disturbance is 5 acres or less per year
 requires a notice advising the BLM of the anticipated
 No approval is needed
although bonding is required. State agencies must be notified to ensure all requirements are met.

For
operations involving more than 5 acres&rsquo; total surface disturbance on lands subject to 43 CFR 3809
 a detailed plan of operation
Bonding is required to ensure proper reclamation. An Environmental
Assessment (EA) is to be prepared for all plans of operation to determine if an Environmental Impact Statement is required. A
National Environmental Policy Act review is not required for casual use or notice level operations unless those operations involve
occupancy as defined by 43 CFR 3715. Most occupancies at the casual use and notice level in Arizona are covered by a programmatic
EA.

An
activity permit is required when use of equipment is utilized for the purpose of land stripping
 earthmoving
 blasting (except
blasting associated with an individual source permit issued for mining)
 trenching or road construction.

Future
legislation and regulations are expected to become increasingly restrictive and there may be more rigorous enforcement of existing
and future laws and regulations and we may experience substantial increases in equipment and operating costs and may experience
delays
 interruptions or termination of operations. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the assessment
of administrative
 civil and criminal fines or penalties
 the acceleration of cleanup and site restoration costs
 the issuance
of injunctions to limit or cease operations and the suspension or revocation of permits and other enforcement measures that could
have the effect of limiting production from our future operations.



The
BLM will prevent abuse of public lands while recognizing valid rights and uses under the mining laws. The BLM will take appropriate
action to eliminate invalid uses
 including unauthorized residential occupancy. The Interior Board of Land Appeals (IBLA) has
found that a claim may be declared void by the BLM when it has been located and held for purposes other than the mining of minerals.
The issuance of a notice of trespass may occur if an unpatented claim/site is:



    
    
used
    for a home site
 place of business
 or for other purposes not reasonably related to mining or milling activities;

    
    
    

    
    
used
    for the mining and sale of leasable minerals or mineral materials
 such as sand
 gravel and certain types of building stone;
    or

    
    
    

    
    
located
    on lands that for any reason have been withdrawn from location after the effective date of the withdrawal.


Trespass
actions are taken by the BLM Field Office.



    
    


Environmental
Laws

We
currently have no costs to comply with environmental laws concerning our exploration program. However
 during Phase II
 we anticipate
that we be subject to various federal and state environmental laws and regulations that will impose significant requirements on
our operations. The cost of complying with current and future environmental laws and regulations and our liabilities arising from
past or future releases of
 or exposure to
 hazardous substances
 may adversely affect our business
 results of operations or
financial condition. In addition
 environmental laws and regulations
 particularly relating to air emissions
 can reduce our profitability.
Numerous federal and state governmental permits and approvals are required for mining operations. When we apply for these permits
or approvals
 we may be required to prepare and present to federal or state authorities data pertaining to the effect or impact
that a proposed exploration for
 or production or processing of
 may have on the environment. Compliance with these requirements
can be costly and time-consuming and can delay exploration or production operations. A failure to obtain or comply with permits
could result in significant fines and penalties and could adversely affect the issuance of other permits for which we may apply.

Clean
Water Act

The
U.S. Clean Water Act and corresponding state and local laws and regulations affect mining operations by restricting the discharge
of pollutants
 including dredged or fill materials
 into waters of the United States. The Clean Water Act provisions and associated
state and federal regulations are complex and subject to amendments
 legal challenges and changes in implementation. As a result
of court decisions and regulatory actions
 permitting requirements have increased and could continue to increase the cost and
time we expend on compliance with water pollution regulations. These and other regulatory requirements
 which have the potential
to change due to legal challenges
 Congressional actions and other developments increase the cost of
 or could even prohibit
certain current or future mining operations. Our operations may not always be able to remain in full compliance with all Clean
Water Act obligations and permit requirements. As a result
 we may be subject to compliance orders and private party litigation
seeking fines
 penalties or changes to our operations.

Clean
Water Act requirements that may affect our operations include the following:

Section
404

Section
404 of the Clean Water Act requires mining companies to obtain U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (&ldquo;ACOE&rdquo;) permits to place
material in streams for the purpose of creating slurry ponds
 water impoundments
 refuse areas
 valley fills or other mining activities.



    
    


Our
construction and mining activities
 including our surface mining operations
 will frequently require Section 404 permits. ACOE
issues two types of permits pursuant to Section 404 of the Clean Water Act: nationwide (or &ldquo;general&rdquo;) and &ldquo;individual&rdquo;
permits. Nationwide permits are issued to streamline the permitting process for dredging and filling activities that have minimal
adverse environmental impacts. An individual permit typically requires a more comprehensive application process
 including public
notice and comment
 however an individual permit can be issued for ten years (and may be extended thereafter upon application).

The
issuance of permits to construct valley fills and refuse impoundments under Section 404 of the Clean Water Act
 whether general
permits commonly described as the Nationwide Permit 21 (NWP 21) or individual permits
 has been the subject of many recent court
cases and increased regulatory oversight. The results may materially increase our permitting and operating costs
 permitting delays
suspension of current operations and/or prevention of opening new mines.

Exploration
Expenditures

As
of October 31
 2015 we have not made expenditures in regard to the actual exploration of the mining claims
 other than spending
$15
000 for our claims deposit
 geological report and other staking and holding costs.



We
do not have any employees other than our sole officer and director
 Tracy Fortner. Mr. Fortner works for the Company&rsquo;s business
on a part-time basis. We intend to retain the services of independent geologists and engineers on a contract basis to conduct
the exploration program on the Gold Creek Property.

Research
and Development Activities

We
have not spent any money on research and development activities during the fiscal years ended October 31
 2015 and 2014.

Dividend
Policy

We
have never paid or declared dividends on our securities. The payment of cash dividends
 if any
 in the future is within the discretion
of our Board and will depend upon our earnings
 our capital requirements
 financial condition and other relevant factors. We intend
for the foreseeable future
 to retain future earnings for use in our business.



    
    


ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS.

AN
INVESTMENT IN OUR SECURITIES IS HIGHLY SPECULATIVE AND INVOLVES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK. WE FACE A VARIETY OF RISKS THAT MAY AFFECT
OUR OPERATIONS OR FINANCIAL RESULTS AND MANY OF THOSE RISKS ARE DRIVEN BY FACTORS THAT WE CANNOT CONTROL OR PREDICT. BEFORE INVESTING
IN THE SECURITIES YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY CONSIDER THE FOLLOWING RISKS
 TOGETHER WITH THE FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION CONTAINED
IN THIS REPORT. IF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING RISKS ACTUALLY OCCURS
 OUR BUSINESS
 PROSPECTS
 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
COULD BE MATERIALLY ADVERSELY AFFECTED. IN THAT CASE
 THE TRADING PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK WOULD LIKELY DECLINE AND YOU MAY LOSE
ALL OR A PART OF YOUR INVESTMENT. ONLY THOSE INVESTORS WHO CAN BEAR THE RISK OF LOSS OF THEIR ENTIRE INVESTMENT SHOULD CONSIDER
AN INVESTMENT IN OUR SECURITIES.

This
Annual Report contains certain statements relating to future events or the future financial performance of our Company. Prospective
investors are cautioned that such statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties
 and that actual events
or results may differ materially. In evaluating such statements
 prospective investors should specifically consider the various
factors identified in this Annual Report
 including the matters set forth below
 which could cause actual results to differ materially
from those indicated by such forward-looking statements.

If
any of the following or other risks materialize
 the Company&rsquo;s business
 financial condition
 and results of operations
could be materially adversely affected which
 in turn
 could adversely impact the value of our securities. In such a case
 investors
in our securities could lose all or part of their investment.

Prospective
investors should consider carefully whether an investment in the Company is suitable for them in light of the information contained
in this Report and the financial resources available to them. The risks described below do not purport to be all the risks to
which the Company could be exposed. This section is a summary of certain risks and is not set out in any particular order of priority.
They are the risks that we presently believe are material to the operations of the Company. Additional risks of which we are not
presently aware or which we presently deem immaterial may also impair the Company&rsquo;s business
 financial condition or results
of operations.

Risks
Associated with Our Company and Industry

Due
to the Land Freeze
 we are currently prohibited from conducting any activities on the Property
 our sole asset.

Due
to Land Freeze by the ILLM on over 10 million acres of land
 including the Property
 we are currently prohibited from conducting
any exploration activities on our Property which constitutes are sole asset. There can be no assurance that we will be able to
commence any activities on our Property or that if we are able to
 to what extent. Also
 federal land management agencies
 including
the U.S. Bureau of Land Management
 may impose additional restrictions and mitigation obligations on development activities occurring
on federal lands
 including the Property
 which could also adversely impact our business and your investment in our common stock.
See &ldquo;Governmental Regulations and Regulations &ndash; Greater Sage-Grouse Conservation.&rdquo;

Due
to the Land Freeze on the Property in 2015
 we have been unable have the title to the mining claims on the Property transferred
into the Company&rsquo;s name.

In
order to retain title to the mining claims
 we are required to renew the Gold Creek claims on an annual basis totaling $190 per
claim. On August 31
 2015
 Gold Exploration&rsquo;s title to the mining claims on the Property expired but has been re-staked
by the Company. Due to the Land Freeze by the ILLM in 2015 to protect the North American greater sage-grouse
 the title to the
mining claims on the Property were not able to be transferred into the Company&rsquo;s name. The Company anticipates once the
Land Freeze is lifted
 of which there can be no assurances
 Gold Exploration will apply to renew the claims and at that point
its claims are expected to be transferred to the Company. There can be no assurances that the Land Freeze will be lifted or that
if lifted
 we will have sufficient funds to have the mining claims transferred into the Company&rsquo;s name.



    
    


We
have limited cash on hand and there is substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern

The
Company incurred a net loss of $76
094 for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2015. In addition
 the Company had a working capital
deficiency of $50
774 and stockholders&rsquo; deficiency of $81
524 at October 31
 2015. In their report for the fiscal year ended
October 31
 2015
 our auditors have expressed that there is substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern.
We have incurred operating losses since our formation and expect to incur losses and negative operating cash flows for the foreseeable
future. We expect to incur substantial losses for the foreseeable future and may never become profitable. We also expect to continue
to incur significant operating and capital expenditures for the next several years and anticipate that our expenses will increase
substantially in the foreseeable future. We also expect to experience negative cash flow for the foreseeable future as we fund
our operating losses and capital expenditures. As a result
 we will need to generate significant revenues in order to achieve
and maintain profitability. We may not be able to generate these revenues or achieve profitability in the future. Our failure
to achieve or maintain profitability could negatively impact the value of our Common Stock.

If
we do not obtain additional financing
 our business plan will fail.

To
date
 we have funded our operations through the sale debt securities and we intend to continue doing so for the foreseeable future.
A portion of our cash flow will have to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on such indebtedness. Typical loan
agreements also might contain restrictive covenants
 which may impair the Company&rsquo;s operating flexibility. Such loan agreements
would also provide for default under certain circumstances
 such as failure to meet certain financial covenants. A default under
a loan agreement could result in the loan becoming immediately due and payable and
 if unpaid
 a judgment in favor of such lender
which would be senior to the rights of the Company&rsquo;s stockholders. A judgment creditor would have the right to foreclose
on any of the Company&rsquo;s assets resulting in a material adverse effect on the Company&rsquo;s business
 operating results
or financial condition.

Because
we have only recently commenced business operations
 we face a high risk of business failure.

We
have not begun the initial stages of exploration of our mining claims
 and thus have no way to evaluate the likelihood whether
we will be able to operate our business successfully. We were incorporated on April 19
 2013 and to date have been involved primarily
in organizational activities
 acquiring the mining claims and obtaining financing.

We
have not earned any revenues to date and we have not achieved profitability as of October 31
 2015. Potential investors should
be aware of the difficulties normally encountered by new mineral exploration companies and the high rate of failure of such enterprises.
The likelihood of success must be considered in the light of problems
 expenses
 difficulties
 complications and delays encountered
in connection with the exploration of the mining claims that we plan to undertake.

These
potential problems include
 but are not limited to
 unanticipated problems relating to exploration and additional costs and expenses
that may exceed current estimates. We have no history upon which to base any assumption as to the likelihood that our business
will prove successful
 and we can provide no assurance to investors that we will generate any operating revenues or ever achieve
profitable operations. If we are unsuccessful in addressing these risks our business will likely fail and you will lose your entire
investment in this offering.



    
    


Because
we have only recently commenced business operations
 we expect to incur operating losses for the foreseeable future causing us
to run out of funds.

We
have not earned revenue and we have never been profitable. Prior to completing exploration on our mining claims
 we may incur
increased operating expenses without realizing any revenues from our claims
 this could cause us to run out of funds and make
our business fail and you will lose your entire investment in this offering.

If
we cannot find a joint venture partner for the continued development of our mining claims
 we may not be able to advance exploration
work.

If
the results of our Phase II
 Phase III and exploration programs are successful on the Property
 we may try to enter a joint venture
agreement with a partner for the further exploration and possible production on our mining claims. We would face competition from
other junior mineral resource exploration companies who have properties that they deem to be attractive in terms of potential
return and investment cost. In addition
 if we entered into a joint venture agreement
 we would likely assign a percentage of
our interest in the mining claims to the joint venture partner. If we are unable to enter into a joint venture agreement with
a partner
 we may fail and you may lose your entire investment in this offering.

Because
our sole officer and director
 Tracy Fortner
 is only working part-time for our Company
 our operations may be sporadic which
may result in periodic interruptions or suspensions of operations.

Our
sole officer and director
 Tracy Fortner
 only devotes limited time to our operations. Because Mr. Fortner devotes limited time
to our Company
 our operations may continue to be sporadic and occur at times which are convenient to him. As a result
 operations
may be periodically interrupted or suspended which could result in a possible cessation of operations.

Because
of the speculative nature of mineral exploration
 there is substantial risk that no commercially viable mineral deposits will
be found.

Exploration
for commercially viable mineral deposits is a speculative venture involving substantial risk. We cannot provide investors with
assurance that our mining claims contain commercially viable mineral deposits. The exploration program that we will conduct on
our claims may not result in the discovery of commercial viable mineral deposits. Problems such as unusual and unexpected rock
formations and other conditions are involved in mineral exploration and often result in unsuccessful exploration efforts. In such
a case
 we may be unable to complete our business plan and you could lose your entire investment in this offering.

Because
of the inherent dangers involved in mineral exploration
 there is a risk that we may incur liability or damages as we conduct
our business.

The
search for minerals involves numerous hazards. As a result
 we may become subject to liability for such hazards
 including pollution
cave-ins and other hazards against which we cannot insure or against which we may elect not to insure. We currently have no such
insurance nor do we expect to get such insurance for the foreseeable future. If a hazard were to occur
 the costs of rectifying
the hazard may exceed our asset value and cause us to liquidate all of our assets resulting in the loss of your entire investment
in this offering.



    
    


Because
access to our mining claims may be restricted by inclement weather
 we may be delayed in our exploration and any future mining
efforts.

Access
to our mining claims may be restricted each year due to snow in the area. As a result
 any attempts to visit
 test
 or explore
the property maybe largely limited to about nine months per year when weather permits such activities. These limitations can result
in significant delays in exploration efforts
 as well as mining and production in the event that commercial amounts of minerals
are found.

Such
delays can result in our inability to meet deadlines for exploration expenditures as defined by the State of Nevada. This could
cause our business venture to fail and the loss of your entire investment in this offering unless we can meet deadlines.

Mining
companies are increasingly required to consider and provide benefits to the communities and countries in which they operate
 and
are subject to extensive environmental
 health and safety laws and regulations.

As
a result of public concern about the real or perceived detrimental effects of economic globalization and global climate impacts
businesses in natural resources industries
 such as our Company
 face increasing public scrutiny of their activities. These businesses
are under pressure to demonstrate that
 as they seek to generate satisfactory returns on investment to shareholders
 other stakeholders
including employees
 governments
 communities surrounding operations and the countries in which they operate
 benefit and will
continue to benefit from their commercial activities. Such pressures tend to be particularly focused on companies whose activities
are perceived to have a high impact on their social and physical environment. The potential consequences of these pressures include
reputational damage
 legal suits
 increasing social investment obligations and pressure to increase taxes and royalties payable
to governments and communities.

In
addition
 our ability to successfully obtain key permits and approvals to explore for
 develop and operate mines and to successfully
operate in communities around the world will likely depend on our ability to develop
 operate and close mines in a manner that
is consistent with the creation of social and economic benefits in the surrounding communities
 which may or may not be required
by law. Our ability to obtain permits and approvals and to successfully operate in particular communities may be adversely impacted
by real or perceived detrimental events associated with our activities or those of other mining companies affecting the environment
human health and safety of communities in which we operate. Delays in obtaining or failure to obtain government permits and approvals
may adversely affect our operations
 including our ability to explore or develop properties
 commence production or continue operations.
Key permits and approvals may be revoked or suspended or may be varied in a manner that adversely affects our operations
 including
our ability to explore or develop properties
 commence production or continue operations.

Our
exploration
 development
 mining and processing operations are subject to extensive laws and regulations governing worker health
and safety and land use and the protection of the environment
 which generally apply to air and water quality
 protection of endangered
protected or other specified species
 hazardous waste management and reclamation. For example
 in May 2015
 the U.S. Department
of the Interior released a plan to protect the greater sage grouse
 a species whose natural habitat is found across much of the
western United States. The U.S. Department of the Interior&rsquo;s plan is intended to guide conservation efforts on approximately
70 million acres of national public lands
 including in Nevada. No assurances can be made that restrictions relating to conservation
will not have an adverse impact on our growth plans or not result in delays in project development
 constraints on exploration
and constraints on operations in impacted areas. During 2015
 the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service engaged in an extensive review
and considered whether the greater sage grouse would be placed on the endangered species list under protection of the Endangered
Species Act. In late 2015
 it was determined that the greater sage grouse would not currently be placed on the endangered species
list. Nonetheless
 federal land management agencies
 including the U.S. Bureau of Land Management
 may impose additional restrictions
and mitigation obligations on development activities occurring on federal lands
 which could also adversely impact our business.



    
    


Because
market factors in the mining business are out of our control
 we may not be able to market any minerals that may be found.

The
mining industry
 in general
 is intensely competitive and we can provide no assurance to investors even if minerals are discovered
that a ready market will exist from the sale of any ore found. Numerous factors beyond our control may affect the marketability
of metals. These factors include market fluctuations
 the proximity and capacity of natural resource markets and processing equipment
government regulations
 including regulations relating to prices
 taxes
 royalties
 land tenure
 land use
 importing and exporting
of minerals and environmental protection. The exact effect of these factors cannot be accurately predicted
 but the combination
of these factors may result in our not receiving an adequate return on invested capital and you may lose your entire investment
in this offering.

Because
of the inherent limitations during the first year
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements
to our financial statements.

Also
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions
 lack of an Audit Committee
 Financial Expert
 Independent Director or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate and become ineffective. Other risks to be considered are
 maintaining proper cash
controls
 including failure to segregate cash handling and accounting functions
 and did not require dual signature on the Company&rsquo;s
bank accounts. Additionally
 not implementing appropriate information technology controls
 the Company retains copies of all financial
data and material agreements; however there is no formal procedure or evidence of normal backup of the Company&rsquo;s data or
off-site storage of the data in the event of theft
 misplacement
 or loss.

We
will remain an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; for up to five years
 although if the market value of our common stock that
is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of any June 30 before that time
 we would cease to be an &ldquo;emerging growth
company&rdquo; as of the following December 31
 or if we issue more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt in a three-year period
we would cease to be an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; immediately.

Our
independent registered public accounting firm is not required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting until we are no longer an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; or smaller reporting company.

Until
such time we are no longer an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; or smaller reporting company
 our independent registered public
accounting firm is not required to formally attest on our controls and procedures over financial reporting As a result of our
independent registered public accounting firm not being required to attest with respect to our controls and procedures over financial
disclosure
 we may not prevent or detect material misstatements or errors
 controls may become inadequate because of changes in
circumstances
 or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate and become ineffective. Additionally
due to the lack of the auditors&rsquo; attestation on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
 the
Company may not be able to qualify or receive additional funding
 shareholders may not have an accurate financial evaluation of
the Company
 there may be a decline in share price due to a lack of market confidence
 and there may be reduced trading activity
causing a lack of liquidity of shareholder investment.


    
    


We
are an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging
growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors.

We
are an &ldquo;emerging growth company
&rdquo; as defined in the JOBS Act
 and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from
various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not &ldquo;emerging growth companies&rdquo;
including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and exemptions from the requirements of holding
a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If
some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result
 there may be a less active trading market for our common stock
and our stock price may be more volatile.

In
addition
of the JOBS Act also provides that an &ldquo;emerging growth
company&rdquo; can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying
with new or revised accounting standards.

An
&ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; can therefore delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would
otherwise apply to private companies which will result in less available information for our investors. We have elected to use
the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(1) and as a result
of this election
 our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates.

Risks
Associated with our Common Stock

Because
Maverick owns approximately 71.17% of our issued and outstanding common stock
 they can exert significant influence over corporate
decisions that may be disadvantageous to minority shareholders.

As
of the date this Annual Report is being filed
 Maverick owns approximately 71.17% of our shares of common stock issued and outstanding.
Such ownership grants them control over the Company
 such ownership is sufficient to permit them to determine the outcome of all
corporate transactions or other matters
 including the election of directors
 mergers
 consolidations
 the sale of all or substantially
all of our assets
 and a change in control. The interests of Maverick differ from the interests of our other shareholders and
thus may result in corporate decisions that are disadvantageous to our other shareholders.

Historically
our common stock trades sporadically and there is no assurance that a viable
 liquid market with low volatility will develop.

Currently
our common stock is listed on the OTCQB but
 historically
 trades sporadically. However
 a robust public market may never materialize
and there may not be enough liquidity in such market to enable shareholders to sell their shares. If a viable public market for
our common stock does not develop
 investors may not be able to resell their shares of common stock
 rendering the same effectively
worthless and resulting in a complete loss of their investment.


    
    


In
addition
 our common stock is unlikely to be followed by any market analysts
 and there may be few institutions acting as market
makers for the common stock. Either of these factors could adversely affect the liquidity and trading price of our common stock.
Until our common stock is fully distributed and an orderly market develops in our common stock
 if ever
 the price at which it
trades is likely to fluctuate significantly. In addition
 prices for our common stock may be influenced by many factors
 including
the depth and liquidity of the market for shares of our common stock
 developments affecting our business
 including the impact
of the factors referred to elsewhere in these Risk Factors
 investor perception of the Company
 and general economic and market
conditions. No assurances can be given that an orderly or liquid market will ever develop for the shares of our common stock.

Additional
issuances of our securities may result in immediate dilution to existing shareholders.

We
are authorized to issue up to 150
000
000 shares of common stock
 $0.001 par value per share
 of which 126
450
000 shares of common
stock are issued and outstanding. Our Board of Directors has the authority to cause us to issue additional shares of common stock.
We may
 in the future
 issue shares in connection with financing arrangements or otherwise. Any such issuances will result in
immediate dilution to our existing shareholders&rsquo; interests
 which will negatively affect the value of your shares.

Our
common stock is subject to the &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; rules of the SEC and the trading market in our securities is limited
which makes transactions in our stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in our stock.

The
Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted Rule 15g-9 which establishes the definition of a &ldquo;penny stock
&rdquo; for
the purposes relevant to us
 as any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share or with an exercise price
of less than $5.00 per share
 subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock
 unless exempt
 the rules
require:



    
    
that
    a broker or dealer approve a person&rsquo;s account for transactions in penny stocks; and

    
    
    

    
    
the
    broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction
 setting forth the identity and quantity
    of the penny stock to be purchased.

    
    
    

    
    
In
    order to approve a person&rsquo;s account for transactions in penny stocks
 the broker or dealer must:

    
    
    

    
    
obtain
    financial information and investment experience objectives of the person; and

    
    
    

    
    
make
    a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient
    knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    broker or dealer must also deliver
 prior to any transaction in a penny stock
 a disclosure schedule prepared by the Securities
    and Exchange Commission relating to the penny stock market
 which
 in highlight form:

    
    
    

    
    
sets
    forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination; and

    
    
    

    
    
that
    the broker or dealer received a signed
 written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction.



    
    


Generally
brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; rules. This may make
it more difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock. Disclosure
also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the
commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative
 current quotations for the securities and the
rights and remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally
 monthly statements have to
be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny
stocks.

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS.

Not
applicable

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES.


of 11 claims
 or 220 acres
 located in Elko County
 Nevada as described in &ldquo;Item 1. Business&rdquo; under Part I of this
Annual Report.

The
Company is currently using office space supplied by the CEO
 Tracy Fortner
 at no cost to the Company. The office address is 3555
&frac12; Tizer Lane Helena
 Montana 59602

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.

From
time to time
 we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business.
However
 litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties
 and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time
to time that may harm our business.

We
are currently not aware of any pending legal proceedings to which we are a party or of which any of our property is the subject
nor are we aware of any such proceedings that are contemplated by any governmental authority.

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.

Not
applicable.

PART
II

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.

Our
Registration Statement on Form S-1 was declared effective by the SEC on March 15
 2015. Our common stock is quoted on the OTC
Pinks under the symbol ARSNE due to the delayed filing of this Form 10-K. Prior to that
 our common stock was quoted on the OTC
Market&rsquo;s OTCQB tier.



    
    


The
following table sets forth
 for the periods indicated
 the reported high and low closing bid quotations for our Common Stock as
reported by the OTC Markets&rsquo; for the past two fiscal years. The bid prices reflect inter-dealer quotations
 do not include
retail markups
 markdowns or commissions and do not necessarily reflect actual transactions. Historically
 there has been little
to no activity of our common stock. On November 25
 2015
 250 shares traded at $1.00 per share and on December 25
 2015
 100 shares
traded at $0.06 per share.



    
    
Low
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2015
    
    


 2015
    
    


 2015
    
    


 2015
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2014
    
    


 2014
    
    


 2014
    
    


 2014
    
    


The
Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection
with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than $5.00
 other than securities
registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system
 provided that current price and volume information
with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or quotation system. The penny stock rules require
a broker-dealer
 prior to a transaction in a penny stock
 to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC
that: (a) contains a description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary
trading; (b) contains a description of the broker&rsquo;s or dealer&rsquo;s duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies
available to the customer with respect to a violation to such duties or other requirements of securities&rsquo; laws; (c) contains
a brief
 clear
 narrative description of a dealer market
 including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the significance of
the spread between the bid and ask price; (d) contains a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions; (e)
defines significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and (f) contains such other
information and is in such form
 including language
 type
 size and format
 as the SEC shall require by rule or regulation. The
broker-dealer also must provide
 prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock
 the customer with: (a) bid and offer quotations
for the penny stock; (b) the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction; (c) the number of shares
to which such bid and ask prices apply
 or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for
such stock; and (d) monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer&rsquo;s account.
In addition
 the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules;
the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and
receive the purchaser&rsquo;s written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement
 a written agreement to transactions
involving penny stocks
 and a signed and dated copy of a suitably written statement.

Our
common stock is a penny stock. The penny stock disclosure requirements could have the effect of reducing the trading activity
in the secondary market for our common stock. Therefore
 if our common stock becomes subject to the penny stock rules
 stockholders
may have difficulty selling those securities.


    
    


Description
of Securities



Our
authorized capital stock consists of 150
000
000 shares of common stock at a par value of $0.001 per share.

Common
Stock

As
of October 31
 2015
 8
430
000 shares of common stock were issued and outstanding. Holders of our common stock are entitled to
one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a stockholder vote. Holders of common stock do not have cumulative voting
rights. Therefore
 holders of a majority of the shares of common stock voting for the election of directors can elect all of the
directors. Holders of three percent of shares of common stock issued and outstanding
 represented in person or by proxy
 are necessary
to constitute a quorum at any meeting of our stockholders.

A
vote by the holders of a majority of our outstanding shares is required to effectuate certain fundamental corporate changes such
as liquidation
 merger or an amendment to our Articles of Incorporation.

Holders
of common stock are entitled to share in all dividends that the board of directors
 in its discretion
 declares from legally available
funds. In the event of liquidation
 dissolution or winding up
 each outstanding share entitles its holder to participate pro rata
in all assets that remain after payment of liabilities and after providing for each class of stock
 if any
 having preference
over the common stock. Holders of our common stock have no preemptive rights
 no conversion rights and there are no redemption
provisions applicable to our common stock.

Dividend
Policy

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings
 if any
 to
finance the expansion of our business. As a result
 we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.

Share
Purchase Warrants

As
of October 31
 2015
 there were no outstanding warrants to purchase our securities. We may
 however
 issue warrants in the future
to purchase our securities.



As
of October 31
 2015
 there were no options to purchase our securities outstanding. We may
 however
 in the future grant such options
and/or establish an incentive stock option plan for our directors
 employees and consultants.

Convertible
Securities

As
of October 31
 2015
 we have not issued and do not have outstanding any securities convertible into shares of our common stock
or any rights convertible or exchangeable into shares of our common stock. We may
 however
 issue such convertible or exchangeable
securities in the future.



    
    


Nevada
Anti-Takeover Laws

The
provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes (NRS) sections 78.378 to 78.3793 apply to any acquisition of a controlling interest
in a certain type of Nevada corporation known as an &ldquo;Issuing Corporation&rdquo;
 unless the articles of incorporation or
bylaws of the corporation in effect the tenth day following the acquisition of a controlling interest by an acquiring person provide
that the provisions of those sections do not apply to the corporation
 or to an acquisition of a controlling interest specifically
by types of existing or future stockholders
 whether or not identified.

The
provisions of NRS 78.378 to NRS 78.3793 do not restrict the directors of an &ldquo;Issuing Corporation&rdquo; from taking action
to protect the interests of the corporation and its stockholders
 including
 but not limited to
 adopting or signing plans
 arrangements
or instruments that deny rights
 privileges
 power or authority to a holders of a specified number of shares or percentage of
share ownership or voting power.

An
&ldquo;Issuing Corporation&rdquo; is a corporation organized in the state of Nevada and which has 200 or more stockholders of
record
 with at least 100 of whom have addresses in the state of Nevada appearing on the stock ledger of the corporation and does
business in the state of Nevada directly. As we currently have less than 200 stockholders the statute does not currently apply
to us.

If
we do become an &ldquo;Issuing Corporation&rdquo; in the future
 and the statute does apply to us
 our directors will have the
ability to adopt any of the above mentioned protection techniques whether or not he owns a majority of our outstanding common
stock
 provided he does so by the specified tenth day after any acquisition of a controlling interest.

Holders
of Our Common Stock

As
of June 30
 2016
 we had 31 record holders of our Common Stock.

Stock
Transfer Agent

Below
is the name
 mailing address
 phone and fax numbers
 email address and website of our transfer agent:

Action
Stock Transfer
2469
E. Fort Union Blvd
 Suite 214
Salt
Lake City
 UT 84121
Phone:
(801) 274-1088
Fax:
(801) 274-1099


Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans

The
Company had no equity compensation plans as of the end of the fiscal year ended October 31
 2015.



    
    





 we have raised $53
155 via two private
offerings
 of 6
0000
000 (90
000
000 post-Forward Split) shares of common stock subscribed for at $0.001 to our former officers
and directors
 for a total cash proceeds of $6
000; 2
430
000 (36
450
000 post-Forward Split) shares of common stock were subscribed
for by 34 non-affiliate shareholders at a price of $0.01 for a total cash proceeds of $24
300. The Company registered the 2
430
000
(36
450
000 post-Forward Split) shares of common stock on a Form S-1 declared effective by the SEC on March 10
 2015.


President in the amount of $24
656. The loans were unsecured
 non-interest bearing and are due upon demand giving 30 days&rsquo;
written notice to the borrower. On September 30
 2015
 Maverick assumed this debt pursuant to a Debt Assumption Agreement.


underwriting discounts or commissions
 or any public offering and we believe were exempt from the registration requirements of
the Securities Act of 1933 by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) thereof due to the fact that there was no solicitation or advertising
and the did not involve a public offering of securities.

ITEM 6. SELECTED
FINANCIAL DATA.


&rdquo;
as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K
 we are not required to provide the information required by this item of Form 10-K.

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.


with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this report. This discussion contains forward-looking
statements
 which involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those we currently anticipate
as a result of many factors
 including the factors we describe under &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; and elsewhere in this report.




forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. You can identify these statements by forward-looking
words such as &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate&rdquo;
and &ldquo;continue
&rdquo; or similar words. You should read statements that contain these words carefully because they:



    
discuss our future
    expectations;

    
    

    
contain projections
    of our future results of operations or of our financial condition; and

    
    

    
state other &ldquo;forward-looking&rdquo;
    information.



our expectations. However
 there may be events in the future that we are not able to accurately predict or over which we have
no control. Our actual results and the timing of certain events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements as a result of certain factors
 including those set forth under &ldquo;Risk Factors
&rdquo; &ldquo;Business&rdquo;
and elsewhere in this report.


    
    
    

 the words &ldquo;we
&rdquo;
&ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;our
&rdquo; the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; or &ldquo;Aureus
&rdquo; &ldquo;ARSN&rdquo; in this section collectively
refer to Aureus Incorporated
 a Nevada corporation.




without mining operations. Since our inception
 we have not generated any revenues and at October 31
 2015
 our net losses were
$76
094. In their audit report included in this Annual Report
 our auditors have expressed their doubt as to our ability to continue
as a going concern. To date
 we have funded our operations by issuing equity and debt and our lack of capital has delayed the
implementation of our business plan. There can be no assurances that we will be able to obtain such capital on sufficient terms
if at all.


 2014
 we entered into a Purchase
Agreement and acquired the Gold Creek Property comprising of one claim block of 11 claims or 220 acres
 in Elko County
 Nevada
(the &ldquo;Property&rdquo;). The Property can be accessed via Nevada State Route #225 connecting to county road USFS Road #745)
which provide access to the immediately adjacent Gold Creek Ranger Station.


 2014
 we entered into an agreement
with Gold Exploration Management Services
 Inc. to provide us with a summary report about the mining claims
 describes the mining
claims
 the regional geology
 the mineral potential of the claim and recommendations how we should explore the claim.


Regulations and Regulations &ndash; Greater Sage-Grouse Conservation
&rdquo; commencing in 2010
 there have been federal and state
studies and regulations in connection with the conservation of the greater sage-grouse
 the largest grouse found in North America
currently inhabiting the sage-steppe ecosystems in Montana
 southern Idaho
 northeastern California
 eastern Oregon
 northwestern
Colorado
 and broader sections of Wyoming
 Utah and Nevada.


 Nevada adopted the Nevada Greater
Sage-grouse Conservation Plan of 2014 (&ldquo;2014 State Plan&rdquo;)
 a sage-grouse conservation plan which provides broad goals
objectives
 and management actions to ameliorate the primary threats to sage-grouse in Nevada. Nevada is also in the process of
developing a Nevada Sage-Grouse Strategic Action Plan (&ldquo;SAP&rdquo;) which is expected to into greater detail and identify
areas to focus conservation efforts in order to achieve the broad goals and objectives outlined in the 2014 State Plan.


 on September 23
 2015
 the Assistant


Areas in Idaho
 Montana
 Nevada
 Oregon
 Utah
 and Wyoming from location and entry under the United States mining laws to protect
the greater sage-grouse and its habitat from adverse effects of locatable mineral exploration and mining
 subject to valid existing
rights. Comments on the proposed withdrawal application or scoping comments on issues to be analyzed in the Environmental Impact
Statement must have been received by December 23
 2015.

The
Company&rsquo;s Property is included in the approximately 10 million acres of land currently closed for mining exploration by
the ILLM and being studied by Nevada in connection with SAP. Therefore
 the Company is currently prohibited from conducting any
mining activities on the Property and
 depending on the outcomes of the ILLM&rsquo;s Environmental Impact Statement and Nevada&rsquo;s
SAP
 the Company may be permanently prohibited or restricted from conducting any activities on the Property. The Company intends
however
 to pursue potential acquisitions of other land on which it may conduct mining activities. The Company is not currently
a party to any oral or written agreement to purchase any land at this point in time.


    
    
    

activities on the Property or any additional land we acquire
 our goal is to assess whether our claim or claims possess any commercially
viable mineral deposits by a four phase program.


 we do not anticipate
generating any revenue. If additional funds become required
 the additional funding will come from equity financing from the sale
of our equity of debt securities or sale of part of our interest in our mining claims. If we are successful in completing an equity
or convertible debt financing
 existing shareholders will experience dilution of their interest in our Company. We do not have
any financing arranged and we cannot provide investors with any assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient funding from
the sale of our securities to fund our operations or programs. In the absence of such financing
 our business will fail.


partnership by linking with another resource company to provide the required funding to complete our Phase IV exploration program.
We have not undertaken any efforts to locate a joint venture partner for Phase IV. If we enter into a joint venture arrangement
we will assign a percentage of our interest in our mining claims to the joint venture partner.


 we anticipate
incurring operating losses in the foreseeable future. We base this expectation
 in part
 on the fact that very few mining claims
in the exploration stage ultimately develop into producing
 profitable mines. Our future financial results are also uncertain
due to a number of factors
 some of which are outside of our control. These factors include
 but are not limited to:



    
Our
    ability to raise additional funding;

    
    

    
The
    market price for
 gold and silver;

    
    

    
The
    results of our proposed exploration programs on the mineral property; and

    
    

    
Our
    ability to find joint venture partners for the development of our property interests



inability to generate revenues
 our auditors have stated their opinion that there currently exists substantial doubt about our
ability to continue as a going concern. Even if we complete our current exploration program and it is successful in identifying
a mineral deposit
 we will have to spend substantial funds on further drilling and engineering studies before we will know if
we have a commercially viable mineral reserve.


program.





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


 Drafting and Copying

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


 Drafting and Copying

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


 Drafting and Copying

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


 Drafting and Copying

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    



    
    
    



and uncertainties that are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our revenues
 operations
 liquidity and income over
the short and long term. The primary risk that we face over the long term is that our mining claims may not contain a commercially
viable mineral deposit. If our mining claims do not contain a commercially viable deposit
 this will have a material effect on
our ability to earn revenue and income as we will not be able to sell any minerals.


that may affect our business. The most significant industry-wide risk factor is that mineral exploration is an inherently risky
business. Very few exploration companies go on to discover economically viable mineral deposits or reserves that ultimately result
in an operating mine.


we face a number of challenges which include finding qualified professionals to conduct our exploration program
 obtaining adequate
financing to continue our exploration program
 locating a viable ore body
 partnering with a senior mining company
 obtaining
mining permits
 and ultimately selling minerals in order to generate revenue. Another important industry-wide risk factor is that
the price of commodities can fluctuate based on world demand and other factors. For example
 if the price of a mineral were to
dramatically decline this could make any ore we have on our mining claims uneconomical to mine. We and other companies in our
business are relying on a price of ore that will allow us to develop a mine and ultimately generate revenue by selling minerals.


 we face a risk of not being able
to finance our exploration plans. With each unsuccessful attempt at locating a commercially viable mineral deposit we become more
and more unattractive in the eyes of investors. For the short term this is less of an issue because we have enough funds to complete
the first phase of our exploration program. However
 over the long term this can become a serious issue that can be difficult
to overcome. Without adequate financing we cannot operate and complete our exploration on the Gold Creek Property. However
 this
risk is faced by all exploration companies and it is not unique to us.


31
 2015 and October 31
 2014




year ended October 31
 2015 and October 31
 2014.


    
    
    



 2015
and 2014
 the Company spent $0 on research and development activities.




 2015
total operating expenses were $76
094
 which included general and administrative expenses of $61
094. For the fiscal year ended
October 31
 2014
 total operating expenses were $4
575
 which consisted of general and administrative expenses of $61
094. The
increase of $56
519 in total operating expenses was primarily the result of increased in general and administrative fees of $56
519
incurred as a result of being a reporting company.




31
 2015 was $76
094 compared to net loss of $4
575 for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2014. This increase was primarily due
to the impairment of mineral property and increase in General expenses.




 2015
 the Company had a
cash balance of $924. We do not have sufficient funds to operate for the next twelve months. There can be no assurance that additional
capital will be available to the Company.


 the Company has funded its
operations through the sale of equity securities and loans from our executive officers.


 we have raised $53
155 via two private
offerings
 of 6
0000
000 (90
000
000 post-Forward Split) shares of common stock subscribed for at $0.001 to our former officers
and directors
 for a total cash proceeds of $6
000; 2
430
000 (36
450
000 post-Forward Split) shares of common stock were subscribed
for by 34 non-affiliate shareholders at a price of $0.01 for a total cash proceeds of $24
300. The Company registered the 2
430
000
(36
450
000 post-Forward Split) shares of common stock on a Form S-1 declared effective by the SEC on March 10
 2015.


President in the amount of $24
656. The loans were unsecured
 non-interest bearing and are due upon demand giving 30 days&rsquo;
written notice to the borrower. On September 30
 2015
 Maverick assumed this debt pursuant to a Debt Assumption Agreement.


 2015
 we had no agreements
arrangements or understandings with any person or entity to obtain funds through bank loans
 lines of credit or any other sources.
Since the Company has no such arrangements or plans currently in effect
 its inability to raise funds for the above purposes will
have a severe negative impact on its ability to remain a viable company.


    
    
    



094
for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2015. In addition
 the Company had a working capital deficiency of $50
774 and stockholders&rsquo;
deficiency of 50
774 at October 31
 2015. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue
as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if we are unable to continue
as a going concern.


$250
000 to fund its expenses and execute its business plan over the next twelve months. There can be no assurance that additional
capital will be available to us or available on terms favorable to us. If additional funds are raised by the issuance of our equity
securities
 such as through the issuance and exercise of warrants
 then existing stockholders will experience dilution of their
ownership interest. If additional funds are raised by the issuance of debt or other equity instruments
 we may be subject to certain
limitations in our operations
 and issuance of such securities may have rights senior to those of the then existing holders of
common stock. If adequate funds are not available or not available on acceptable terms
 we may be unable to fund and develop our
business.




and uses of cash for the periods stated. The Company held no cash equivalents for any of the periods presented.



    
    

    October 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    



    
    
    
    
    
    


    





of off-balance sheet financing arrangements (as that term is defined in Item 303(a) (4) (ii) of Regulation S-K) and as of October
31
 2015 we had no such arrangements. There has been no material change in our contractual obligations other than in the ordinary
course of business since the fiscal year ended October 31
 2015.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.


&rdquo;
as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K
 we are not required to provide the information required by this item of Form 10-K.


    
    
    
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.



Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders

Aureus
Incorporated

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Aureus Incorporated as of October 31
 2015 and 2014
 and the related statements
of operations
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; equity and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based
on our audits.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control
over financial reporting. Our audits include consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. Our audits include
examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also include
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In
our opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Aureus
Incorporated as of October 31
 2015 and 2014 and the related statement of operations
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; equity and
cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 3 to the financial statements
 the Company has had no revenues and earnings since inception. These conditions
 among others
raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. Management&rsquo;s plans concerning
these matters are also described in Note 3
 which includes achieving profitable operations and raising additional funds through
financing. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.



/s/
    TAAD
 LLP
    


Walnut
CA

July
1
 2016



    
    







    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


000
000; 8
430
000 shares at $0.001 par issued and outstanding at
    October 31
 2015 and nil at October 31

    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    



are an integral part of these financial statements


    
    
    






    
    
    
    October 31

    
    
    
    October 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

430

    
    
    
    
    



are an integral part of these financial statements


    
    
    

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES
IN SHAREHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

430

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    



    
    

430

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    



are an integral part of these financial statements


    
    
    

STATEMENTS OF CASH
FLOWS



    
    
For
    the Year Ended
October 31
 2015
    
    
For
    the Year Ended
October 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



are an integral part of these financial statements


    
    
    






was incorporated in the State of Nevada on April 19
 2013. The Company was organized to develop and explore mineral properties
in the State of Nevada.


are presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and are expressed in United States
(US) dollars. The Company has not produced any revenue from its principal business and is an exploration stage company.






with a maturity of three months or less from the date of purchase that are readily convertible into cash to be cash equivalents.
As of October 31
 2015 and October 31
 2014
 there were no cash equivalents.




conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.




whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amount may not be recoverable
 which includes comparing
the carrying amount of a long-lived asset to the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual
disposition of the asset. An impairment loss would be measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of a long-lived asset
exceeds its fair value. For the Company&rsquo;s mining claims
 this test includes examining the discounted and undiscounted cash
flows associated with value beyond proven and probable reserves
 in determining whether the mining claim is impaired.




start-up activities as incurred. Accordingly
 start-up costs associated with the Company&rsquo;s formation have been included
in the Company&rsquo;s general and administrative expenses.




in which they occur. The Company capitalizes costs for acquiring and leasing mineral properties and expenses costs to maintain
mineral rights as incurred. Should a property reach the production stage
 these capitalized costs would be amortized using the
units-of-production method on the basis of periodic estimates of ore reserves. Mineral interests are periodically assessed for
impairment of value
 and any subsequent losses are charged to operations at the time of impairment. If a property is abandoned
or sold
 its capitalized costs are charged to operations.


    
    
    




Taxes
&rdquo; which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences
of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities
are determined based on the difference between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts based
on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable
income. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not
that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for
the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.


in income tax prescribes a comprehensive model for the financial statement recognition
 measurement
 presentation
 and disclosure
of uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns. The Company recognizes a tax benefit from an uncertain
tax position in the financial statements only when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination
including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes
 based on the technical merits and a consideration of the
relevant taxing authority&rsquo;s widely understood administrative practices and precedents.


recognized in accordance with ACS accounting standards are classified as income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740-10-50-19.


ASC 740
 Income Taxes (&ldquo;ASC 740&rdquo;)
 which clarifies the accounting and disclosure for uncertain tax positions
 as defined.
ASC 740 seeks to reduce the diversity in practice associated with certain aspects of the recognition and measurement related to
accounting for income taxes. We adopted the provisions of ASC 740 and have analyzed filing positions in United States jurisdictions
where we are required to file income tax returns
 as well as all open tax years in these jurisdictions. We have identified the
United States as our &ldquo;major&rdquo; tax jurisdiction. Generally
 we remain subject to United States examination of our income
tax returns.




ASC (Accounting Standards Codification) 820-10 (SFAS No. 157)
&rdquo; for
financial assets and liabilities. ASC 820-10 provides a framework for measuring fair value and requires expanded disclosures regarding
fair value measurements.


price that would be received for an asset or the exit price that would be paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most
advantageous market in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. FASB ASC 820-10 also establishes
a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs
 where available. The following summarizes
the three levels of inputs required by the standard that the Company uses to measure fair value:



    
    
Level
    1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities

    
    
    

    
    
Level
    2: Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices
 such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in
    markets that are not active
 or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially
    the full term of the related assets or liabilities.

    
    
    

    
    
Level
    3: Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the
    assets or liabilities.





with FASB ASC 260
 
 for the period presented. ASC 260 requires presentation of basic earnings per share
and diluted earnings per share. Basic income (loss) per share (&ldquo;Basic EPS&rdquo;) is computed by dividing net loss available
to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share
(&ldquo;Diluted EPS&rdquo;) is similarly calculated. Dilution is computed by applying the treasury stock method. Under this method
options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance
 if later)
 and as
if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. For the year ended
October 31
 2015 and 2014
 there were no potentially dilutive securities.


    
    
    



but not yet adopted
 accounting standards in order to determine their effects
 if any
 on its results of operation
 financial
position or cash flows. Based on that review
 the Company believes that none of these pronouncements will have a significant effect
on its condensed consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-10
Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements. ASU 2014-10 eliminates the distinction
of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements
 including the elimination of inception-to-date information
on the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders&rsquo; equity. The amendments in ASU 2014-10 will be effective prospectively
for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 however early
adoption is permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2014-10 during the quarter ended June 30
 2014
 thereby no longer presenting or
disclosing any information required by Topic 915.


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
&ldquo;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)
&rdquo; which is the new comprehensive revenue recognition standard that
will supersede all existing revenue recognition guidance under GAAP. The standard&rsquo;s core principle is that a company will
recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration to which
the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This ASU is effective for annual and interim periods
beginning on or after December 15
 2016
 and early adoption is not permitted. Entities will have the option of using either a
full retrospective approach or a modified approach to adopt the guidance in the ASU. The Company currently has no revenues and
doesn&rsquo;t expect any impact of adopting this guidance.


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-12
&ldquo;Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718)
 Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That
a Performance Target Could be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period.&rdquo; This ASU provides more explicit guidance for
treating share-based payment awards that require a specific performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved
after the requisite service period as a performance condition. The new guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting
periods beginning after December 15
 2015. The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact
on the consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
&ldquo;Presentation of Financial Statements &ndash; Going Concern (Topic 205-40)
&rdquo; which requires management to evaluate
whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern for each annual and interim
reporting period. If substantial doubt exists
 additional disclosure is required. This new standard will be effective for the
Company for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The Company adopted this
new standard for the fiscal year ending December 31
 2014.


 the FASB issued ASU 2015-3
&ldquo;Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30)
&rdquo; related to the presentation of debt issuance costs. This standard
will require debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability to be presented on the balance sheet as a direct deduction
from the debt liability rather than as an asset. These costs will continue to be amortized to interest expense using the effective
interest method. This pronouncement is effective for fiscal years
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning
after December 15
 2015
 and retrospective adoption is required. We will adopt this pronouncement for our year beginning January
1
 2016. We do not expect this pronouncement to have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.




since inception. The Company&rsquo;s continuation as a going concern is dependent on its ability to generate sufficient cash flows
from operations to meet its obligations and/or obtaining additional financing from its shareholders or other sources
 as may be
required.


    
    
    

been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern; however
 the above condition raises substantial doubt
about the Company&rsquo;s ability to do so. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future
effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result should
the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.


activities however
 may not be able to do so within the next fiscal year. Management is also seeking to raise additional working
capital through various financing sources
 including the sale of the Company&rsquo;s equity securities
 which may not be available
on commercially reasonable terms
 if at all.


terms
 we may be unable to continue our business as desired and operating results will be adversely affected. In addition
 any
financing arrangement may have potentially adverse effects on us or our stockholders. Debt financing (if available and undertaken)
will increase expenses
 must be repaid regardless of operating results and may involve restrictions limiting our operating flexibility.
If we issue equity securities to raise additional funds
 the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders will be reduced
and the new equity securities may have rights
 preferences or privileges senior to those of the holders of our common stock.




for the year ended October 31
 2015 and 2014
 since the Company had net operating losses.


loss carry-forward of approximately $76
094 and $5
430
 respectively which begins to expire in 2031 unless utilized beforehand.
The Company generated a deferred tax asset through the net operating loss carry-forward. However
 a valuation allowance of 100%
has been established.




 2014 the
Company received $30
300 for common stock subscriptions. 6
000
000 of these shares were subscribed for by the officers and directors
of the Company at $.001 per share. The remaining 2
430
000 shares were subscribed for by third parties at $.01 per share. At October
31
 2015
 the Company has issued all shares related to these common stock subscriptions.




 2013 to October
31
 2015 the Company received advances totaling $24
656 from a related party
 the advance is unsecured
 non-interest bearing and
is due upon demand giving 30 days written notice to the borrower. The balance of loan from related party as of October 31
 2015
and October 31
 2014 are $24
656 and $22
855
 respectively.




 2015
 we sold Backenald Corp.
a promissory note in the principal amount of $20
000
 bearing interest at the rate of 5% per annum and maturing on the first anniversary
of the date of issuance. The Company may prepay any or all of the outstanding principal of the promissory note at any time without
penalty and shall be accompanied by payment of the accrued interest on the amount prepaid. The promissory note automatically becomes
due upon an event of default
 including breach
 default
 bankruptcy and sale. As of October 31
 2015 accrued interest amounted
to $175.


    
    
    



 2014 the Company entered into
a Purchase Agreement with Gold Exploration Management Services
 Inc. to purchase 11 claims in Mineral County Nevada known as the
Gold Creek Property. The Company has paid a total of $15
000 for the purchase of the Gold Creek Property
 and is reflected in
the financial statements as a deposit
 until such time as the ownership has been transferred to the Company. On October 31
 2015
the Company recorded an impairment of $15
000.




 2015
 we sold Craigstone a
promissory note in the principal amount of $20
000
 bearing interest at the rate of 5% per annum and maturing on the first anniversary
of the date of issuance. The Company may prepay any or all of the outstanding principal of the promissory note at any time without
penalty and shall be accompanied by payment of the accrued interest on the amount prepaid. The promissory note automatically becomes
due upon an event of default
 including breach
 default
 bankruptcy and sale.


 2016
 we sold Backenald Corp.
a promissory note in the principal amount of $20
000
 bearing interest at the rate of 5% per annum and maturing on the first anniversary
of the date of issuance. The Company may prepay any or all of the outstanding principal of the promissory note at any time without
penalty and shall be accompanied by payment of the accrued interest on the amount prepaid. The promissory note automatically becomes
due upon an event of default
 including breach
 default
 bankruptcy and sale.


    
    



ITEM 9. CHANGES IN
AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.



ITEM 9A. CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES.




and 15d-15
 our management is required to perform an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of the Company&rsquo;s
management
 including the Company&rsquo;s principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar
functions
 of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures as of the
end of the period.


controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of October 31
 2015
 our Principal
Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective.

Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting


and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule
13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 as a process designed by
 or under the
supervision of
 the Company&rsquo;s principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
and effected by the Company&rsquo;s board of directors
 management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America and includes those policies and procedures that: pertain to the
maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
of the company; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and that receipts and expenditures
of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the company&rsquo;s assets
that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


 internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems
 no matter how well designed
 have inherent limitations.
Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement
preparation and presentation. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control
 there is a risk that material misstatements
may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However
 these inherent limitations
are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore
 it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce
though not eliminate
 this risk.


    
    
    

 2015
 management assessed
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial
reporting established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework of 1992 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;) and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Based on that evaluation under this
framework
 our management concluded that as of October 31
 2015
 our internal control over financial reporting was not effective
because of the following material weaknesses:



    
Due
    to our small number of employees and resources
 we have limited segregation of duties
 as a result of which there is insufficient
    independent review of duties performed.

    
    

    
As
    a result of the limited number of accounting personnel
 we rely on outside consultants for the preparation of our financial
    reports
 including financial statements and management discussion and analysis
 which could lead to overlooking items requiring
    disclosure.

    
    

    
The
    Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors has only one director and does not have an audit committee or an independent audit committee
    financial expert. While not being legally obligated to have an audit committee or independent audit committee financial expert
    it is the management&rsquo;s view that to have an audit committee
 comprised of independent board members
 and an independent
    audit committee financial expert is an important entity-level control over the Company&rsquo;s financial statements.



on Form 10-K nor the two quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the subsequent fiscal quarters ended January 31
 2016 and April 30
2016 within the appropriate filing deadlines and were subsequently delinquent in our filings with the SEC under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. This delinquency is due the Company&rsquo;s limited financial and personnel resources.


Initiatives


weaknesses and other deficiencies and enhance our internal controls
 if and when the Company obtains sufficient capital resources
management intends to hire personnel with sufficient U.S. GAAP knowledge and experience and to segregate appropriate duties among
them. We also intend to appoint one or more independent members to our Board of Directors who shall also be appointed to a standing
audit committee which will undertake the oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures
such as reviewing and approving estimates and assumptions made by management. While we are actively seeking outside members
 including
candidates with accounting experience
 we cannot provide any assurance that we will be successful. Given the size of our Company
lack of revenues and current lack of financing to continue with our business
 it is unlikely that we will be able to hire any
additional personnel or that anyone will agree to join our Board until general economic conditions and our own business prospects
improve significantly.


report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s report
was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that permit us
to provide only management&rsquo;s report in this annual report.


    
    
    



 2015
 the board of directors
(the &ldquo;Board&rdquo;) of the Company increased the size of the Board to three persons and appointed Mr. Tracy Fortner to fill
the created vacancy. Directors serve for a period of one year until the next stockholders&rsquo; meeting and until their respective
successor is elected and qualifies.


 2015
 Dong Gu Kang and Min
Jung Kang resigned from the board of directors and as executive officers of the Company
 effective immediately. Dong Gu Kang had
been serving as the President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Secretary of the Company. Min Jung Kang had been serving as the Treasurer
of the Company. Their respective departures were not related to any issues regarding financial disclosures or accounting or legal
matters.


 2015
 the Board appointed
Tracy Fortner as the President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Secretary and Treasurer of the Company.





PART
III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.




regarding the Company&rsquo;s current executive officers and directors who were appointed effective as of the closing of the Merger:



    
    
    
    
    
    
Director
    Since:

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Tracy
    Fortner
    
    
    
President
                                         Chief Executive Officer
 Chairman

        
        

        Officer)
    
September
    17
 2015



annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are elected and qualified. Directors are elected by a plurality of the
votes cast at the annual meeting of stockholders and hold office until the expiration of the term for which he or she was elected
and until a successor has been elected and qualified.


constitutes a quorum of the Board of Directors for the transaction of business. The directors must be present at the meeting to
constitute a quorum. However
 any action required or permitted to be taken by the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting
if all members of the Board of Directors individually or collectively consent in writing to the action.


    
    
    

 and serve
at the pleasure of
 the Board of Directors of the Company
 subject to any contractual arrangements.




 age 51
 began his career in
gold recovery in the 1980&rsquo;s at which time he worked as an apprentice mining engineer with Overton Engineering. It was in
that capacity that he learned about gold and its properties. During his employment with Overton Engineering
 Mr. Fortner worked
on projects throughout the western United States developing hydro mining and mineral mining and designing and building mine sites.
Also during this time
 Mr. Fortner began developing the basis for his own mineral and mining company. In the late 1980s and early
1990s
 Mr. Fortner began performing placer gold exploration and development both on his own personal projects as well as contract
projects. He has continued this line of work since that time
 and although he has experience in gold dredging
 hard rock and underground
mining
 he has developed extensive knowledge of mineral exploration
 property testing and evaluation
 mine layout and design
development and refining of precious metals and reclamation of mined properties with a concentration in fine gold recovery and
placer properties. Mr. Fortner has been consistently successful in his mining endeavors in a personal capacity as well as a consultant
capacity. He has operated and/or consulted on placer projects in Montana
 Wyoming
 Nevada
 Arizona
 South Dakota and California
as well as Alaska
 Columbia and Mexico. Mr. Fortner is a certified MSHA (Mine Safety &amp; Health Administration) trainer and
is recognized as a professional mine consultant by the Federal Mine Safety &amp; Health Administration. In addition to exploration
development and refining
 Mr. Fortner designs and builds placer mining equipment to meet the specific needs of the project property.
Those equipment designs have been placed on projects in Alaska
 Montana and Africa among others.


 Mr. Fortner has owned American
Exploration &amp; Development
 a Montana corporation located in Helena
 Montana
 where his duties include consulting on placer
and hard rock projects
 mine site evaluation
 permitting
 engineer equipment
 fabrication
 installation and operation of said
equipment. Since 2008
 Tracy has also owned MMD
 LLC (Mine Management &amp; Development)
 a Montana limited liability company
located in Helena
 MT
 which he formed for specific management of mining operations and employees. Since 2008
 he has been serving
as the President of CMI Associates
 Inc.
 a Montana corporation located in Helena
 MT
 and engaged in mining. From 2008 to 2013
Mr. Fortner served as the President of Vigilante Mining Equipment
 LLC
 where his duties included the development of new mining
equipment the oversight of testing new mining techniques. Vigilante Mining Equipment was acquired by American Exploration and
Development in 2013.




of any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system which has requirements that a majority of the Board of Directors
be &ldquo;independent&rdquo; and
 as a result
 we are not at this time required to have our Board of Directors comprised of a
majority of &ldquo;independent directors.&rdquo; Nevertheless
 Tracy Fortner
 our only director
 does not qualify as independent
under the applicable standards of the SEC and the NASDAQ stock market.






    
    
    



has been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years:



    
any
    bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either
    at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time;

    
    

    
any
    conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other
    minor offences);

    
    

    
being
    subject to any order
 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
    permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his or her involvement in any type of business
    securities or banking activities; or

    
    

    
being
    found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission
    to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
 suspended
 or vacated.





Audit Committee due to our limited size and our Board performs the functions that would otherwise be performed by an Audit Committee.




due to our limited size and our Board performs the functions that would otherwise be performed by a Compensation Committee. Our
Board intends to form a Compensation Committee when needed.




standing nominating committee. Further
 we do not have a policy with regard to the consideration of any director candidates recommended
by security holders. To date
 no security holders have made any such recommendations. The entire Board of Directors performs all
functions that would otherwise be performed by committees. Given the present size of our Board
 it is not practical for us to
have committees other than those described above
 or to have more than two directors on such committees. If we are able to grow
our business and increase our operations
 we intend to expand the size of our board and our committees and allocate responsibilities
accordingly.




than our current executive officers and directors named in this Report.


    
    
    



 we have not adopted
a Code of Ethics and Code of Business Conduct that applies to our officers and directors
 and critical employees.

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934


our executive officers and directors and persons who own more than 10% of a registered class of our equity securities to file
with the SEC initial statements of beneficial ownership
 reports of changes in ownership and annual reports concerning their ownership
of our common stock and other equity securities
 on Forms 3
 4 and 5 respectively. Executive officers
 directors and greater than
10% shareholders are required by the SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports that they file.


such forms received by us
 or written representations from certain reporting persons
 we believe that all filing requirements
applicable to our officers
 directors and greater than 10% beneficial owners were complied with under Section 16 of the Exchange
Act during the fiscal year ended October 31
 2015.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION


concerning the total compensation paid or accrued by the Company during the last two fiscal years indicated to (i) all individuals
that served as the Company&rsquo;s principal executive officer or acted in a similar capacity for the Company at any time during
the fiscal year ended October 31
 2015; (ii) the two most highly compensated executive officers who were serving as executive
officers of the Company at the end of the fiscal year ended October 31
 2015 whose total compensation exceeded $100
000; and (iii)
up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided pursuant to clause (ii) above but for the fact that
the individual was not serving as an executive officer of the Company at the end of the fiscal year ended October 31
 2015.





Name
    &amp; Principal Position
    
Fiscal
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
All
    Other
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Tracy Fortner-Chief
    Executive Officer
 President
 Secretary and Treasurer (1)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Former
    President
 Chief Executive Officer (2)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
Tracy
    Fortner was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer
 President
 Secretary and Treasurer of the Company on September 17
 2015.
    

    
    

    
Dong
    Gu Kang served as the President
 Chief Executive Officer and Secretary of the Company from its inception until September 17
    2015. 



    
    
    

any plans that provide for the payment of retirement benefits or benefits that will be paid primarily following retirement including
but not limited to
 tax qualified deferred benefit plans
 supplemental executive retirement plans
 tax-qualified deferred contribution
plans and nonqualified deferred contribution plans.


 agreements
 plans or
arrangements
 whether written or unwritten
 that provide for payments to the named executive officers listed above.

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal
Year-End


of October 31
 2015. The Company does not currently have an equity incentive plan but intends to adopt one in the future.








we provide retirement or similar benefits for our directors or executive officers.

Resignation
 Retirement
 Other Termination
or Change in Control Arrangements


 agreement
 plan or arrangement
whether written or unwritten
 that provides for payments to our directors or executive officers at
 following
 or in connection
with the resignation
 retirement or other termination of our directors or executive officers
 or a change in control of our company
or a change in our directors&rsquo; or executive officers&rsquo; responsibilities following a change in control.




for his or her services as a director during the fiscal year ended October 31
 2015.


directors for their services in their capacity as directors. Our directors are entitled to reimbursement for reasonable travel
and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attendance at meetings of our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors
may award special remuneration to any director undertaking any special services on our behalf other than services ordinarily required
of a director.


    
    
    
ITEM 12. SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.


with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities.
In accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission rules
 shares of our Common Stock which may be acquired upon exercise of
stock options or warrants which are currently exercisable or which become exercisable within 60 days of the date of the applicable
table below are deemed beneficially owned by the holders of such options and warrants and are deemed outstanding for the purpose
of computing the percentage of ownership of such person
 but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage
of ownership of any other person. Subject to community property laws
 where applicable
 the persons or entities named in the tables
below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our Common Stock indicated as beneficially owned by
them.


with respect to the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of the filing date of this Annual Report
 by (i) each stockholder
known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding voting capital stock
 (ii) each of our directors and
executive officers
 and (iii) all of our directors and executive officers as a group. To the best of our knowledge
 except as
otherwise indicated
 each of the persons named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of
our capital stock beneficially owned by such person
 except to the extent such power may be shared with a spouse. To our knowledge
none of the shares listed below are held under a voting trust or similar agreement
 except as noted. To our knowledge
 there is
no arrangement
 including any pledge by any person of securities of the Company or any of its parents
 the operation of which
may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the Company.


table
 the address for each person named in the table is c/o Aureus Incorporated
 3555 &frac12; Tizer Lane
 Helena
 MT 59602.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

-CEO
 Pres.
 Sec

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    

000

    
    
    
    
    



450
000 shares of Common
Stock outstanding as of the filing date of this Annual Report. 2016.


Maverick has voting and dispositive control over these securities. The address for Maverick
 LLC is the Henville Building
 Prince
Charles Street
 Charlestown
 Nevis.


    
    
    
Securities Authorized for Issuance
under Equity Compensation Plans


plans.




 including
any pledge by any person of our securities
 the operation of which may result in a change in control of the Company.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.


 we are required
to describe any transaction
 since the beginning of October 31
 2014
 or any currently proposed transaction
 in which the Company
was or is to be a participant and in which any related person has or will have a direct or indirect material interest involving
the lesser of $120
000 or one percent (1%) of the average of the Company&rsquo;s total assets as of the end of last two completed
fiscal years. A related person is any executive officer
 director
 nominee for director
 or holder of 5% or more of the Company&rsquo;s
Common Stock
 or an immediate family member of any of those persons.




of any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system which has requirements that a majority of the Board of Directors
be &ldquo;independent&rdquo; and
 as a result
 we are not at this time required to have our Board of Directors comprised of a
majority of &ldquo;independent directors.&rdquo; Nevertheless
 Tracy Fortner
 our only director
 does not qualify as independent
under the applicable standards of the SEC and the NASDAQ stock market.

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL
ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES.




the fiscal years ended October 31
 2015 and October 31
 2014 for professional services rendered by TAAD LLP
 our principal accountants
for their audit of our annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in our quarterly reports or services
that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal
years were:





    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    



    
    


    



    
    
    



the fiscal years ended October 31
 2015 and 2014 for assurance and related services by the principal accountant that are reasonably
related to the performance of the audit or review of the registrant&rsquo;s financial statements and are not reported under Item
9(e)(1) of Schedule 14A.





    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    





the fiscal years ended October 31
 2015 and 2014 for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for tax compliance
tax advice
 and tax planning.





    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    





the fiscal years ended October 31
 2013 and 2014 for products and services provided by the principal accountant
 other than the
services reported in Items 9(e)(1) through 9(e)(3) of Schedule 14A.





    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    





system design and implementation. These services
 which include designing or implementing a system that aggregates source data
underlying the financial statements or generates information that is significant to our financial statements
 are provided internally
or by other service providers. We have never engaged TAAD LLP to provide compliance outsourcing services.


provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by the board of directors
either before or after the respective services were rendered. The board of directors has considered the nature and amount of fees
billed TAAD LLP and believes that the provision of services for activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining
our independence.


    
    
    
PART
IV

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.



Exhibit
    No:
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Articles
    of Incorporation (Filed as an exhibit to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 12
 2014 (File No: 333-200114)
    and incorporated by reference herein)

    
    
    

    
    
Bylaws
    (Filed as an exhibit to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 12
 2014 (File No: 333-200114) and incorporated
    by reference herein)

    
    
    

    
    
Property
    Agreement
 dated October 1
 2014
 between Gold Exploration Management Services
 Inc. Aureus Incorporated (Filed as an exhibit
    to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 12
 2014 (File No: 333-200114) and incorporated by reference herein)

    
    
    

    
    
Stock
    Purchase Agreement
 dated as of September 30
 2015
 by and among Dong Gu Kang
 Min Jung Kang
 Maverick LLC (Filed as an exhibit
    to a Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 2
 2015and incorporated by reference herein)

    
    
    

    
    
Debt
    Assumption Agreement
 dated as of September 30
 2015
 by and among Aureus Incorporated
 Maverick LLC
 Dong Gu Kang and Min
    Jung Kang (Filed as an exhibit to a Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 2
 2015 and incorporated by reference herein)

    
    
    

    
    
Rule
    13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification

    
    
    

    
    
Section
    1350 Certification

    
    
    

101.INS
    **
    
XBRL
    Instance Document

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document




    
Filed
    herewith. 

    
Pursuant
    to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T
 these interactive data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus
    for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933
 deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
    Exchange Act of 1934 and otherwise are not subject to liability under those sections.



    
    
    



or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
AUREUS
    INCORPORATED 

    
    
    

    
    
/s/
    TRACY FORTNER

    
    
Tracy
    Fortner

    
    
President
    Chief Executive Officer
 Secretary and Treasurer

    
    
(Principal
    Executive Officer)

    
    
(Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer)

    
    
    

    
Date:
    July 1
 2016



Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    TRACY FORTNER
    
President
    Chief Executive Officer
 Secretary

    
July
    1
 2016

Tracy
    Fortner
    
Treasurer
    and Chairman of the Board of Directors
    
    

    
    
(Principal
    Executive Officer)
    
    

    
    
(Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer)
    
    



    
    
    











     





CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SS 1350
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002


 Tracy Fortner
 certify that:



    
I have
    reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2015 (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;) of Aureus Incorporated
    a Nevada corporation (the &ldquo;Registrant&rdquo;);

    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this Report;

    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this Report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this Report;

    
    

    
The
    Registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a- 15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:

    
    

    
    
Designed such disclosure
    controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure
    that material information relating to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others
    within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
Designed such internal
    control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
    to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
    for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness
    of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness
    of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed in this
    Report any change in the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting;
    and

    
    
    

    
The
    Registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting
 to the Registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

    
    

    
    
All significant
    deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
    likely to adversely affect the Registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
    and

    
    
    

    
    
Any fraud
 whether
    or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant&rsquo;s internal
    control over financial reporting.




Date:
    July 1
 2016
/s/
    TRACY FORTNER

    
    

    
President
 Chief
    Executive Officer
 Secretary and Treasurer

    
(Principal Executive
    Officer)

    
(Principal Financial
    and Accounting Officer)



    
    
    











     





CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


 Tracy Fortner
 hereby certify
 pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:



    
the Annual Report
    on Form 10-K of Aureus Incorporated
 a Nevada corporation (the &ldquo;Registrant&rdquo;)
 for the fiscal year ended October
    31
 2015 (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
    Act of 1934; and

    
    

    
the information
    contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the
    Registrant.




Date:
    July 1
 2016
/s/
    TRACY FORTNER

    
    

    
President
 Chief
    Executive Officer
 Secretary and Treasurer

    
(Principal Executive
    Officer)

    
(Principal Financial
    and Accounting Officer)



    
    











begin 644 image_001.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 && 1L# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#WBX$Y*^3(
Y/\ZEI\






M_P#7JX#D9I:7

M?Z+1S
##GNO$ U1+6)H=G+
YAX*\=\\=3^57(9M3


MN86EC/ER&-_[X4$@?C7/Z7]HNX9$=I/.MI=T

!ZFK']JQQ2)'<PRP
Q
MVY94SV^8


M1PW





#S?\\X_F;\A4ANXA:FYW@Q!2Q84K
?
C-U*9-U


M?-$UQ
9&(' 4


D54HM$QDFR6YMTN+:2)_NL
5R\.GW.GW$L=S

7E3Q


MXM/N(78+)*A [$%3UJS/+=JX



M'Y3M.T'N


MP*!



 '&1T^M9EOX\TV79$8
M[CSC%*Y B(!
AK/N?&NF75UOFANX#;PL&BDB(;<Z@\]L8QS[TXZ/
M4)OW3IM$_V)C=2I+/O(=T<
I/M@#'T/-6[^21+4I$&

!+V5
MH+.:5

9;!Y
MXY&

SS7-U;V[
M3R$?P[MH X&3^)_&M$HQ
FY2T1FFXU
64DEG$




M?

M;CBH;1)8=.(
) SFL:\U SV,X@L[B:.2)@KJF0V1@8'4CWI16HI/0;H5E
MFBV\MQ#$)YE

M (4L;)-&C:*UC3YB!\HR
' '?%:\&F65N\CPVL2-(VYL*.3C&?RJV%QZ?A3J
MAN[;-(JRL-50B@   =A3J**0PHHHH J8_P)RI_Z=S_Z$*OCI5#_ )C2_P#7
MN?\ T(5?[5HMB1C]15[TR*\DWR
PX P.G^?\*T'ZBFU$MQHS!H=L2&?)[Y
MJW:VJ6D7EH6*Y)^8^M6**0[$%LFT2'^\Y-2GBF6Y!1L?WF_G3STI*_VZV^U

H8Y(C!8
M988Z8QC\:MP:3;107
7V\E9CR2^2!G)'7K[]JUY%N1S



MYR!=Q&&##Z@YK
UL/(YH/-
(E(XD4'_=_P#KU#-)+ %=Y%*[L'Y





<G'UJG_PBMKM*^=/@YY#<UOBE


M-

MBC($LP\N




M
BHEN



M3QQ1L[. J@L3GH*S-&[$IK+LU%UJ-Q=/DF-C%$&/W!WX[$GOZ4RPUZVOK!KS
M:\

TUS


XP

M.PFN$12K*GSMST/;^M6#TH H:F6
=NL9Q-YZ%!^//Z9K06J%N@?4[J5CEDVQ

MU273_$^V:8W#!\-LC\SU_'MSW[CI6J43'FE;4OKKFI-*V;)@H8X!0_


=YX Z59%LN/];-_WV:FQ5RS25!]G'_/67_O
MNC[




V0?8K;



4,\]Q@!E4E8QG
MA3CIGU[UNKR.E<QYNGPW$4,\LR2R3^6(U^Z[*WRY&/Y5U]*N9$'<6BBBH+*


M
+VH=6


.







5:[57
MO/\ 4K_OK_.I*9/2T@.:6@$%(:6HYI/+C+8)] ._.*0$%KQ-=8''FY&/]T5:






MSS\O3K77+TKGKB*^U*81RJ)MJ%_

M4&I5'_(87_KW/_H0J]5(#_B;J?\ I@?_ $(5=K1;$LCE.
5'O X)%9VL
Z:G

]H]Q.601HS&-!DX_QI26PE+=$L%Q#!:EI'7EF



2.HC)7





Q]3B$VM::I&0J2L1VQA1_
BJMZJ274L4




M]

^ !^)^M6[647=E




9+Q3*I8QDG;Z@]:EBD61 R'(- B'[-(ZLLT[.&ZJ !Q2_98B


M%!1110(J*V=7(Q]V#.?JW_UJOCI5$#&JY Y
)_\ 0A5X=*T6Q)DZUILFH*GE

MH)[G
:-IT^@-+'=74EQ#(W[N1C\L8'0$8X.

#)(. B
M]QGU(K8D0

M3Q1
;:
JO*C'\_6GWUH+F#G;*AW1L.S4^Q=6LXV1MRD?*?:I90C














6D:4[GE9UQN8XSVK3JM;7(E8QR+Y
MD9]YJD=E)LDC8C .1[G%(=9MAO!68;/O?)TJ^8U;D@$^XH\I#U4'\* U$BD$


M -;^=6=@S0A%&:XD@NHG+AK67Y ^XQZ?@:OLK4U


M2BB@ HHHH&%%%% !1FCM56^N'MK*::-0S(N0#TH$RK
A767DXP]H4'U#$G^=
M7;7_ (]8?]P57A@V*\TLGFS.F^, #K@#L*LVO\ QZQ?[@IR(BM;DU%%%(T
MF...H/%/I
\4A&3I#8F2

T)W'UP16A


VSCC]R?_ !P_X5:S2
 RX(R#3%84'WI:


M1FN7TT2(P9K
CY')R8O8^WO6C:G-I#_N#^54[^[MK-42YN9 )3MP%!XZ9.!P



M2G_B:C_KB?\ T(5=K1;$A1113 **** BBB@ HHHH CDB6165PI'((ZUESQ


M7

E0J1_W%]_4FM3H


C'%3=J!E-.


M_
47LQ@M)I0
E$)'U[4'_C_3_KF?YBFZA&9K&:-?O%#M^O:@E[$L#.T$;28#





#8K'((*\D$'G.#FM4_=
Y+WC9487


JFJ\5R\<HM[G D_A;M(/;W]JS:'<E/\




M%%%%


M#N3]J6J^;G^Y%_WT?\*






USRO4Q^X]O:KB2+(@92
7B'4'N5_PJ7$:+HHJ.&5)8Q(C!E/0BI,U PJK
M?C-A,!W6K1Z56O?^/*7_ ':0F6!UI:3O2TQA12'I5)]3MXE+2%E09PQ'!Q0#
M+IK&\037$5B/L\&\EAN?&=@'?'KC-:5O=172,T1)L5)/K4VW(HB[.XFKHXC
MRWU(17L4WDF.0DQRC=


M0Q5XLBN7U/5+B50[P6R
?.1UQL^7@'^\


MU
CU2.^TJ2'SL2*ZQE^FX%@



M!B1)'G8JC/)P

*/L$;([N6;!P




5;JAN']J@
MC(@.1GG[PJ\.E);&HM%%%
 HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** #M11VHH *

M/45K$9&*IWUC'=Q!6)5ARKKU4_Y[4F@+ I:I6]V=_P!GN0$N 
X'W7'JM7!6

D7^
ML#I[X)[Y^G%:DV@7ES;XFUFZ
ZGY'CQ&H^JCK^=+/!%:^)K:Z
6!-$\0=1QO

P/1?H!BMD=*:B[1@=*=4O<UBK*P4444AA1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 ':BCM10 4444 %(1FEHH JW

RY*A@6 R1GI6=AW
OQ*








U0AO0\32$':JELBHTU6.:

D
W/3*?YXH ?-J-C
MYDD

Y^[3;NUTRZF+SB]B:

D;'0HJJ@50  , #
MM3Z04M0;!1110 AHHHH #R*:5%%% [11MYHHH  M!49Z444 &!FG444 )FE



C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TCQSXLUCP
MQ=6WV2TDMIU/S3(Q(8=1D

+9U[_GTTW_ +]O_P#%UZ'XQ\.MXDT0


MM7FL'PHU;[1'Y]U:^5N&_:QSMSSCBO5IY8=-TZ24X2&WB)^@4?\ UJ\[%NA9
M1HI7\CV


M275]L[Y3S+$P]&[C\ZYWXEZK]@\
-;(V);MA&

^D


'3]D^2-F?/83
*WMH^TE=
M








8
C#
MZ=J]





Z^
-.NM8TA=.MYXX%GD










H(0J
MJ2



M@N2QU'[&T$DDR2
+;*LH
C;FS(3SCG'3MD]ZDT'0KYE!O?-B\BY
R2S &6



 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 1 -ORGANIZATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Aureus Incorporated (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;)&#13;was incorporated in the State of Nevada on April 19, 2013. The Company was organized to develop and explore mineral properties&#13;in the State of Nevada.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 2 -SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company considers all liquid investments&#13;with a maturity of three months or less from the date of purchase that are readily convertible into cash to be cash equivalents.&#13;As of October 31, 2015 and October 31, 2014, there were no cash equivalents.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The preparation of financial statements&#13;in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the&#13;reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements&#13;and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Impairment of Long Lived Assets&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company tests its assets for recoverability&#13;whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amount may not be recoverable, which includes comparing&#13;the carrying amount of a long-lived asset to the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual&#13;disposition of the asset. An impairment loss would be measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of a long-lived asset&#13;exceeds its fair value. For the Company&amp;#146;s mining claims, this test includes examining the discounted and undiscounted cash&#13;flows associated with value beyond proven and probable reserves, in determining whether the mining claim is impaired.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Start-up Expenses&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company expenses costs associated&#13;with start-up activities as incurred. Accordingly, start-up costs associated with the Company&amp;#146;s formation have been included&#13;in the Company&amp;#146;s general and administrative expenses.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Mining Interests and Exploration Expenditures&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Exploration costs are expensed in the&#13;period in which they occur. The Company capitalizes costs for acquiring and leasing mineral properties and expenses costs to maintain&#13;mineral rights as incurred. Should a property reach the production stage, these capitalized costs would be amortized using the&#13;units-of-production method on the basis of periodic estimates of ore reserves. Mineral interests are periodically assessed for&#13;impairment of value, and any subsequent losses are charged to operations at the time of impairment. If a property is abandoned&#13;or sold, its capitalized costs are charged to operations.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company utilizes FASB ACS 740, &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Income&#13;Taxes&lt;/i&gt;,&amp;#148; which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences&#13;of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities&#13;are determined based on the difference between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts based&#13;on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income.&#13;Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some&#13;portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects&#13;of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The accounting guidance for uncertainties&#13;in income tax prescribes a comprehensive model for the financial statement recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure&#13;of uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns. The Company recognizes a tax benefit from an uncertain&#13;tax position in the financial statements only when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination,&#13;including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits and a consideration of the relevant&#13;taxing authority&amp;#146;s widely understood administrative practices and precedents.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Interest and penalties on tax deficiencies&#13;recognized in accordance with ACS accounting standards are classified as income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740-10-50-19.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We have implemented certain provisions&#13;of ASC 740, Income Taxes (&amp;#147;ASC 740&amp;#148;), which clarifies the accounting and disclosure for uncertain tax positions, as&#13;defined. ASC 740 seeks to reduce the diversity in practice associated with certain aspects of the recognition and measurement related&#13;to accounting for income taxes. We adopted the provisions of ASC 740 and have analyzed filing positions in United States jurisdictions&#13;where we are required to file income tax returns, as well as all open tax years in these jurisdictions. We have identified the&#13;United States as our &amp;#147;major&amp;#148; tax jurisdiction. Generally, we remain subject to United States examination of our income&#13;tax returns.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Financial Accounting Standards Board&#13;issued ASC (Accounting Standards Codification) 820-10 (SFAS No. 157), &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#148;&#13;for financial assets and liabilities. ASC 820-10 provides a framework for measuring fair value and requires expanded disclosures&#13;regarding fair value measurements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;FASB ASC 820-10 defines fair value as&#13;the price that would be received for an asset or the exit price that would be paid to transfer a liability in the principal or&#13;most advantageous market in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. FASB ASC 820-10 also establishes&#13;a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs, where available. The following summarizes&#13;the three levels of inputs required by the standard that the Company uses to measure fair value:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 29px; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Level 1: Quoted&#13;    prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Level 2: Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the related assets or liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Level 3: Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basic and Diluted Loss Per Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Net loss per share is calculated in&#13;accordance with FASB ASC 260, &lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/i&gt;, for the period presented. ASC 260 requires presentation of basic earnings&#13;per share and diluted earnings per share. Basic income (loss) per share (&amp;#147;Basic EPS&amp;#148;) is computed by dividing net loss&#13;available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings&#13;per share (&amp;#147;Diluted EPS&amp;#148;) is similarly calculated. Dilution is computed by applying the treasury stock method. Under&#13;this method, options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance, if later),&#13;and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. For the year&#13;ended October 31, 2015 and 2014, there were no potentially dilutive securities.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has reviewed all recently&#13;issued, but not yet adopted, accounting standards in order to determine their effects, if any, on its results of operation, financial&#13;position or cash flows. Based on that review, the Company believes that none of these pronouncements will have a significant effect&#13;on its condensed consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-10,&#13;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements. ASU 2014-10 eliminates the distinction&#13;of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements, including the elimination of inception-to-date information&#13;on the statements of operations, cash flows and stockholders&amp;#146; equity. The amendments in ASU 2014-10 will be effective prospectively&#13;for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2014, and interim periods within those annual periods, however early&#13;adoption is permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2014-10 during the quarter ended June 30, 2014, thereby no longer presenting or&#13;disclosing any information required by Topic 915.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,&#13;&amp;#147;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),&amp;#148; which is the new comprehensive revenue recognition standard that&#13;will supersede all existing revenue recognition guidance under GAAP. The standard&amp;#146;s core principle is that a company will&#13;recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration to which&#13;the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This ASU is effective for annual and interim periods&#13;beginning on or after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is not permitted. Entities will have the option of using either a full&#13;retrospective approach or a modified approach to adopt the guidance in the ASU. The Company currently has no revenues and doesn&amp;#146;t&#13;expect any impact of adopting this guidance.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-12,&#13;&amp;#147;Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718), Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That&#13;a Performance Target Could be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period.&amp;#148; This ASU provides more explicit guidance for&#13;treating share-based payment awards that require a specific performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved&#13;after the requisite service period as a performance condition. The new guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting periods&#13;beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on the consolidated&#13;financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU&#13;2014-15, &amp;#147;Presentation of Financial Statements &amp;#150; Going Concern (Topic 205-40),&amp;#148; which requires management to&#13;evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&amp;#146;s ability to continue as a going concern for each annual and&#13;interim reporting period. If substantial doubt exists, additional disclosure is required. This new standard will be effective for&#13;the Company for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The Company adopted&#13;this new standard for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2014.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 3 &amp;#150; GOING CONCERN&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has sustained operating&#13;losses since inception. The Company&amp;#146;s continuation as a going concern is dependent on its ability to generate sufficient&#13;cash flows from operations to meet its obligations and/or obtaining additional financing from its shareholders or other sources,&#13;as may be required.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The accompanying financial statements&#13;have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern; however, the above condition raises substantial&#13;doubt about the Company&amp;#146;s ability to do so. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible&#13;future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result&#13;should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Management is endeavouring to begin&#13;exploration activities however, may not be able to do so within the next fiscal year. Management is also seeking to raise additional&#13;working capital through various financing sources, including the sale of the Company&amp;#146;s equity securities, which may not be&#13;available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 4 &amp;#150; INCOME TAXES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;No provision was made for federal income&#13;tax for the year ended October 31, 2015 and 2014, since the Company had net operating losses.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 5&amp;#150; STOCK SUBSCRIPTIONS RECEIVED&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 6 &amp;#150; LOAN FROM RELATED PARTY&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 7 &amp;#150; NOTES PAYABLE&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 8&amp;#150; DEPOSIT ON MINERAL PROPERTY ACQUISITION&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 9&amp;#150; SUBSEQUENT EVENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On November 16, 2015, we sold Craigstone&#13;a promissory note in the principal amount of $20,000, bearing interest at the rate of 5% per annum and maturing on the first anniversary&#13;of the date of issuance. The Company may prepay any or all of the outstanding principal of the promissory note at any time without&#13;penalty and shall be accompanied by payment of the accrued interest on the amount prepaid. The promissory note automatically becomes&#13;due upon an event of default, including breach, default, bankruptcy and sale.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Impairment of Long Lived Assets&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Start-up Expenses&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Mining Interests and Exploration Expenditures&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company utilizes FASB ACS 740, &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Income&#13;Taxes&lt;/i&gt;,&amp;#148; which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences&#13;of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities&#13;are determined based on the difference between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts based&#13;on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income.&#13;Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some&#13;portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects&#13;of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The accounting guidance for uncertainties&#13;in income tax prescribes a comprehensive model for the financial statement recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure&#13;of uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns. The Company recognizes a tax benefit from an uncertain&#13;tax position in the financial statements only when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination,&#13;including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits and a consideration of the relevant&#13;taxing authority&amp;#146;s widely understood administrative practices and precedents.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Interest and penalties on tax deficiencies&#13;recognized in accordance with ACS accounting standards are classified as income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740-10-50-19.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Financial Accounting Standards Board&#13;issued ASC (Accounting Standards Codification) 820-10 (SFAS No. 157), &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#148;&#13;for financial assets and liabilities. ASC 820-10 provides a framework for measuring fair value and requires expanded disclosures&#13;regarding fair value measurements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;FASB ASC 820-10 defines fair value as&#13;the price that would be received for an asset or the exit price that would be paid to transfer a liability in the principal or&#13;most advantageous market in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. FASB ASC 820-10 also establishes&#13;a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs, where available. The following summarizes&#13;the three levels of inputs required by the standard that the Company uses to measure fair value:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 29px; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Level 1: Quoted&#13;    prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Level 2: Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the related assets or liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basic and Diluted Loss Per Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has reviewed all recently&#13;issued, but not yet adopted, accounting standards in order to determine their effects, if any, on its results of operation, financial&#13;position or cash flows. Based on that review, the Company believes that none of these pronouncements will have a significant effect&#13;on its condensed consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-10,&#13;Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements. ASU 2014-10 eliminates the distinction&#13;of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements, including the elimination of inception-to-date information&#13;on the statements of operations, cash flows and stockholders&amp;#146; equity. The amendments in ASU 2014-10 will be effective prospectively&#13;for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2014, and interim periods within those annual periods, however early&#13;adoption is permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2014-10 during the quarter ended June 30, 2014, thereby no longer presenting or&#13;disclosing any information required by Topic 915.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,&#13;&amp;#147;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),&amp;#148; which is the new comprehensive revenue recognition standard that&#13;will supersede all existing revenue recognition guidance under GAAP. The standard&amp;#146;s core principle is that a company will&#13;recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration to which&#13;the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This ASU is effective for annual and interim periods&#13;beginning on or after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is not permitted. Entities will have the option of using either a full&#13;retrospective approach or a modified approach to adopt the guidance in the ASU. The Company currently has no revenues and doesn&amp;#146;t&#13;expect any impact of adopting this guidance.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-12,&#13;&amp;#147;Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718), Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That&#13;a Performance Target Could be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period.&amp;#148; This ASU provides more explicit guidance for&#13;treating share-based payment awards that require a specific performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved&#13;after the requisite service period as a performance condition. The new guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting periods&#13;beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on the consolidated&#13;financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU&#13;2014-15, &amp;#147;Presentation of Financial Statements &amp;#150; Going Concern (Topic 205-40),&amp;#148; which requires management to&#13;evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&amp;#146;s ability to continue as a going concern for each annual and&#13;interim reporting period. If substantial doubt exists, additional disclosure is required. This new standard will be effective for&#13;the Company for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The Company adopted&#13;this new standard for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2014.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

 'defref_ARSN_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepositsAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesSubscriptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedOtherDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ARSN_SharesSubscribedAtPriceOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ARSN_SharesSubscribedAtPriceTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromContributionsFromParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ARSN_ReceiptOfPaymentForSubscriptionReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ARSN_ReceiptOfPaymentForSubscriptionReceivableShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ARSN_SharesSubscribedAtPriceOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ARSN_SharesSubscribedAtPriceTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromContributionsFromParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ARSN_ReceiptOfPaymentForSubscriptionReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ARSN_ReceiptOfPaymentForSubscriptionReceivableShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=ARSN_PriceOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ARSN_SharesSubscriptionsPricePerShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=ARSN_PriceTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ARSN_SharesSubscriptionsPricePerShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromContributionsFromParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireOtherPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ARSN_StockSubscriptionsReceived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessDescriptionAndBasisOfPresentationTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubstantialDoubtAboutGoingConcernTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ARSN_NotesToFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ARSN_StockSubscriptionsReceivedTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtractiveIndustriesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MineralIndustriesDisclosuresTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StartUpActivitiesCostPolicy'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ARSN_MiningInterestsAndExplorationExpendituresPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ARSN_IncomeTaxExpirationYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesSubscriptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ARSN_ThirdPartiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ARSN_SharesSubscriptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ARSN_SharesSubscriptionsPricePerShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=ARSN_OfficersAndDirectorsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ARSN_SharesSubscriptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ARSN_SharesSubscriptionsPricePerShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDescriptionOfTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentIncreaseAccruedInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireOtherPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=ARSN_GoldExplorationManagementServicesIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ARSN_NumberOfClaimsPurchaseInMineral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireOtherPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ARSN_CraigstoneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ARSN_BackenaldCorpMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateDescription'

M+GAM;
U8RT[#

L0K X*L5B

M#JFL#C2B]AQ2U\=43'X

$%     @ !(+A2+:A'7%. 0  Q0\  !H   !X


T&!);&_X9/YFQ\FC]AKT-GC6^[T2?O

M?FT@9#Q(Q8

MVNK
L;

^T]4A)X:(@ZC5O?;$ Q4RLZ4HW%D

MH#]^%UQ/I&5L3#2^3M\CE[C S9G7Z7^W5_4M5F$@^A[


B+G3

M$-*R*S!^:JMGM/X'Z13C+;QO4[[
_VYQ;U=D^.EUBG1S[:S3]EY\L@7C[K]W
M\@=02P


M+GAM;
V334_#



_4#

Z=7V:W

M$DA!E$%[U
621A'^_1S80RY8-[9)-NIL\!SI^\Y%1^?H.'GS[BYBZ(:(E/)X8-DO

!FGK_# J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#W(*+$MX%
O67.!;

M@(+)?90%NDGVH]

WJ=?3K.:Y1_::L!
MI^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z'&=?
_V]I&E)3+/

MVH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU+







VPLCO='U!=*Y \FIS_I
C0'HYI9







 U[F$RQ#
MI'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\U*M:I60K$3]+!WP?
MD@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F 6/

H68XWX=%FAHSU8NL.8T*;T'50.4_


U66VO;
!3^*T(9HX41
MVREUV6H;1B$PV

M4:WV%#]L
5:@9937


M[1R_L N7$#B.3WD



MTT9.4DXHH:RC^@,39MA2A_,F_*M..!N^!\S!G[$!@5O:D+T9GC-;!%]:9L
MCGM*Z[^*%[3%D$!'HZJB^X^4E)QA)]9!:]'-GJ






MM!O:491[7PX['9?F4$CWU92@Z=W2V$)Z&MI5QRR7F

$7A&)PQTL@NZ-B'NPE#-


:L6+K58UDZ(.TB!CG+&.=S3
MN$74'T9JL;2FH&BZ$3I*I_X0BN:-SBZ(WQ)
)4OLAP1ED@-S-N47

I7'H
M!17Q)VI26U']Z**E^:D:CQS%W8S;Y*2-@








MIZ9W

M




ML


;(T*
9/8'I


M)[6_E2J$IDY#SU(W

BYX;6R-5DV/FS 0


0@2
C9VDA4BH2G+




PU7K8(Z2J%CA5
M.S% ;V8:(3G5IBO/2 T2:.U,G*$8XPQQVO5AD;NQ)UGDXJ)9U\.3#-2%<RI_
M'X&)\1!&X6W@N3NWV@Z@(D=W7]UQZ%4G^D!<PB_1/LRLPHG^-G!J&;MP+*?

MM6X-+ Z#&AIZ8?I9C-]@*B&U@95@ROT'U45IP6^6
.#TS3^[WCU'/Y
DDVW;
M$$^&^&Z(_FT@DX$L#

F5&


M?$?N;6^$T&#B\

$%

(B\VJ


D.:CN8?(S@^L_$#S





KUHKXDMVTP N2#'Z=N74PC2KA$WYO3M2O\B
MI-_:W%GU5E\HY=I'D9?U5K]P?GTVC/IPH45:/[$K+9LG)U85*6\NJ[-17RN:





!$R]@DGE&5(T;#8(X#7E-1!BH
Y/3$VU._.:_Z'9K^@K/KYX;3N.NU
M^P]02P,$%     @ !(+A2!421ZB^ 0  5@0  !@   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S





$+V 2(#)-VD

MKU





DJ27-+WD(8E9

M@+DN2HCPB+[29F:6CW NPZX&ZZ'+!F=,-,C BU^P_A;8PP-8#S#4QPX&
MJ3N#:T+%^?QRTTX&V(* N5X&V
PX!81E$9]?+MK2 )L1


MR3EA%^E

M^K/]3BDM#2)[-.9Z

&UL?5/!;MP@$/T5Q <$&V_2=N6UE$T4)8=*40[MF;7'-@IX',#K].\+V.LX
MK=L+,,.\-V^&(1_1O-H6P)%WK3I[H*US_9XQ6[:@A;W'CI_4Z/1PGG3-
SV


M

M
XW49#CL+Q]D^:7%;U!+ P04      $@N%(@8,QOY\!  Q P  &    'AL



!%MYX*#E05;<+50H*U 30PT1WJ;'DYYB(@!/P2,=G4F
M0?L9\348C_61)D$2*A<8.!^N\ =2!F(?.*WF?
C90NSU?VAUBM5W_F%NY0
M_A2UZ[S8A)(:&CY(]X+C=YA+V ?"J6-*ZD&ZU!=(90H_C[M0L=]G&YVV0S;
M!F0S(%L WY(H?$H49=YSQ\OX$C



$%     @ !(+A




MDFIP'O450HD6;]
]EGM\5[!*)YIC3%
/7
4L$^Q+KZ5XL3_@?-M^&Y3



MCVT48%S Z_3O]CK6*G5%V&.6?.#$
YH7UQ/8 GKUH9=Z*]]\.1
5?WH(6[
MPP%


NN]]'!JI*MN$9J
$ZB(1;:$WW(C^=#C$@!/R5
;G
F4?L%\24:






MOU.8[Q



NY(6^^[ V.N;$$+=X
=F'!3


M*

88OHR9



U J$H7$[Q/G5\H(7)XO
M[#]2M4']23BX1_5+5KX-8C-**JA%K_P+#H\PE7 =4M4+JVD[)U'?8%0HL7'


MPC;2.')'UXV];]&]!D9%?7E+3A_\R&@MK'XTTXVW&D1L-C=_D@\R\M/@%0
M2P



E08G8N;6#CR\8'K(?/JX(QUQSLOU'KOI4KSM&270+3$G.:8;!NS1C#/
9_%-WL.K<N =?..F$]J2,SK_LK'_+:(#+R6YN:6D]_]G-22T
M+AP_^;.91VHV' [7#[+^TNHW4$L#!!0    (  2X4C
*MCTH $  +$#   9
#$
QHGUQ'8 GKUH9
M=Z*=]_V1
5=UH(6[PQY
Z:%-+0LDN_)E@4.
M7DD#3Y:X06MA?Y]!X7BB.WIS/,NV\]'!RH(MN%IJ,$ZB(1::$WW8'<]YC$@!
M/R2,;G4F4?L%\24:W^H3S:($4%#YR#=H5'4H2A<2_9LZWE!&X/M_8OZ1J


V0;Y)


M+GAM;'65VVZC

6L[H?OV:YN$
M4C*YB0_\\W]C1S/..Z4_3 5@HT\I&K.)*VO;-2&FK$!R\Z1::-R7H]*26[?4
M)V):#?P0@J0@+$GF1/*ZB8L\[+WI(E=G*^H&WG1DSE)R_6\'0G6;F
:WC??Z
 [!K A8)F$
MQ'M02/


M;*P9%



6UU&P5M8=*40[MF;7':Q3P.,NT[\O8*_K

SPWN/-8(H![8MK 3QY

?$L1$$#<$-CI+
M?7V77I:%Q8'8\2YZ&:\\WXDPN2H6TZ#27NC



O(;;C[S0F'OOKXYA?

H.P@-\-#'(Q]XSW(^?O






M&']R)*G32_KH)0U77D9

MG_1YU[I)S@L*)V6FF9Z+L6^



^#)



$3

D(




J0!IQ7V0?T C9_)RP' 6:IO(





M--4J]SLL8




8Z\:

M#]-EIBC#9/:;8362D,C$T$-BLC R8UF&:PZJG?RLIWJ(69R&HFLICYL3)C
MP6S65AYC%D9BJY'8(NOOK\-$]B3)-8DB44@75)[@YU?A&')&AVJRGPBVD/


MIP6!L]335




M =?[*_LWG:V

M
2+UY
)T91AEOX


M*F2SZ99H*!4@@_0?9+4[.0.7 X9&J&TF]\R
!7
0=+P.N672%G\!4$L#!!0


MA3(3*$M1S]N7C%2RY)4CR&'E/OO+%]\S$(OX4Y)&#OJ.7['^;L9_-JO7,_$
M0C)E9' NCF3#:'4*&GGCT[TR]



MH[!K.G=2SYXS/UFDZ&R$.LRZQ01#3(] 6KVW"+=7!%#\8&FVN$'\_'FV

6$UM



;Y('&6]OSR/4*)@%
M&

P6S_
M4#P'MA1]P;.TQD?R&XMC64EGQY4N:+;L'#A71

$%     @ !(+A2
9:EFDJ'0  6H$  !0   !X


M*?QAB^3NS/3T]
[J!K[0NQ-TJS?3O/UL6Q?K5LV<Z6LI5J(=J+3-X<J7R
M55C K_GU






MBJ?+DS[#FP?%H
!K1

M.YZU!(GH%_-RH:

Q0D)(
U'F= (



M8:]N



MV0%[OI?)]1*5*;P!JJZER




MJ
6*K0C\NY#\HZR('09C#@6[D@W-+



MT%$%I:

7'A+N&(PA@BK7-*)EY:3TX(\!F%=
IJW!+YP2;6P$N 1E#
MVG@(4PX0AW?ZX&T%\HZ!%Y[6%2PF;C!!-!1O3)[#.L6_:'14.%V4ALE*H]*#

+Z% @[OA74G B #:Y43 (T9MD0 $_+O T
MA;')0 )(2BP!CYA%0:;0$M'B/K'H



FYF\WB@
@0?C-1LXJ @X









&
L6.F0=^AX55H (*BN0%61Y

*4+)?BT^8[
M*9EAC!&X\^H




H#! -G@ \IS$0()+Y4%I.

9M8&
:*0@[C20S71
4UFIP8#5%'
MNL'SO@+#AMC;*;\+E&TL_2-@=0UVGAXC-*9HRD1O%

MOE
\B45*]



M$QA$M/PX7\@(9R&+6X2EYD7



MFQ A\%X&.)J)







MN82 TDJQ1PPGXXVI1BFVB

F&-E]+_Q3Z?F09ULDK2_#S?W?OHY2#X]-<+_W+H!
M@

)08



MDTJVYBV\)4QB5(2L%GIW. #T[BA-CN::?8N#+5PI306T8NAVQV%%0[RMV.
MC)K8.@L

3


[JOC0)Z1^3A730Q]O8B$N!5N0)6*BRJ&)6








M''I7^(:WN3(E^O$FSZQ








A/1P='8RD-2;
M&BA,&,!2$K!VC%1:E%&3'EW$$ZJ#( &&5J5(W]9%K;KN^B:'X-VOK0\&!


M7;T_@2


D,[.=4?R/7Q;8/9:@]%)=5,<*6((+EXP7:GG?GXZEX<W'^
M'L3BW?@2I&(VOKC\09RVNYN0E'HW#V[,\5P]J937*B
@O/N6 H)
S\Y?#YX



M!9Y-E=LB!M
1ZQAA]F=X9AIQAZ;EIT%62B\(N0YX5$OZ\#)^68/;UQG_YP


M+O3-,DC4_^\.$
'F*;(ZB W;)55=]N2=HUY94QDSBS36/CZUQR?$ 7JV]1




R^[_D_1^-VP/GZ7ZUQ.VA\
M+D
?.;]8XW90-6YO_TB=5A_W(U_?M7WOVK[_.=J^.S[8JMX%?N\+_\)MXLV]

]J+6&


HWYPWTRO2D_==[Z:3AI73OR?HINN=I?'HQ1]JFZ&KH.C91A=
M'T<OP3WJ4+WV3.OBZ_\#4$L! A0#%     @ !(+A2/O&E 62 0  ,1$  !,
M             ( !     %M#;VYT96YT7U1Y<&5S72YX;6Q02P$% 
4
M  $@N%(2'4%[L4    K @  P              @ '# 0  7W)E;'
O+G)E







BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      $@N%(

M:&5E=#


M971S+W-H965T-2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      $@N%(%1)'J+X!  !6!   &



4      $@N%(@8,QOY\!  Q P  &               @ &V*0


M+W-H965T

4
M      $@N%(!FPPGJ$!  Q P  &0              @ 'C



SP  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E
M=',O<VAE970Q.2YX;6Q02P$% 



ME04  !D              ( !
$


BYX
M;6Q02P$% ,4      $@N%(1^] A_8!  !U!0  &0              @ %8
&UL4$L%!@     A $ V0@
' #YG      $!
end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  










begin 644 0001493152-16-011237-xbrl.zip


MHAX]K+Y 9/;SR

MF_]2_@44@?0-*PEE$KF^#0(UV-&L:7Y''GC*(.O))]06QU=$?$ML+(K^L7






M(/
X]%S;C1E7X;CP)%OJ:D)':%Q*?/_T7PG@C99VX


M\U2M^PM:]XWZ@R6LRX[CN#$0T?(N+=?I^L?6T(TM[TWQPTP:5%;GHE9GQ5(O


MP!%/:=U6'/$:..*YH[97

W-=L=1Q:[BW\]MH#$M.5S_@,GS?TA+1_KKVF6NM*!?2Y$,UNO=6J3)!G
M4P1J!39Z@$P#H#]7IG;EB?2@2$_&SJJ <=PM_%ZB:0FL#XB);[+%/IV?3)!
MEH&THB24OZJ264?PC!Y
?Y4'@:--&?_ZS@IE-!6$DCQZ:&D8@-_E%#@4:BS0
MQ?CN.1;0PE)WD^IG 1J
XU@TJ@'T1/K!P/7G@9U/EW&X10/K[W-4*$'02P S








!DDQ.$GLH\AG66G6__0;+?VL@G/




#









MEX#GU^!+


=YG




MWG(L$?BB

M*08N72870W9PP




&Q7L1S[6&D
1=T





B4XSG8&X1V3PP' (-YHUKV]/B S
]3) I-&S:#[JQ[Y'=@



TYU^Z_4UE&\BC O:A]#:A8T+?Y\


 VPP0*& ![6'HBUQMHIMK&SX&



P*IAW

MVZ)P%N-K!%A8#@H9;Q3

3X('.FEJU.@#4Q55=-.




M.*&KY-!*CVPL


M$0KY[[WXT

M^M:B&+KYJJ$E?V9F\Y?'!7)

]3W/R@8ZZL3





MD+D\:90

2-V&

M]H+KIW*5)O]B@(UEKH9O

O[*9'SW2'SS)XS'3*:B
M9*CR=D%V@
UC%BX_T-*C4HU&ZOA-OY;=E=$'9H:9:R80KB1$.V2_Y3YZ]4Y6

GN/%E&JX76R

MX2O2

M[S^,9;1!


 3X0


.32@

(: P/C&A2).G
M
ABQQ
MA*[/QB
./ULPCL-CP01


BIE

71*@7H@) Q+GK-C

V50J8_AA7 )&@P5

M(BJL@F 0FV]NTKQ)T\'

MW.#EF!C J_/VCGV'MJRC9 #')$
';&


B'2&83I#I4RT*X_I8SEP:)6[G-!UH_: 3/1*:)T)JV9










EIE &(=X



Z=D+5

B.J3XS103-::I


MZO:8:0UGT#D
.9#&SA=
M/^(+853&.#L?-:9/MV@M/*B[#SPZ!XKB4%TJ%7@FRX=[7L'V?N@[Q]=UM\4
M&'F0[.5.2DJ1S'+&4$WG]F!.!1XC!P]@&T5W[E#?&TT/EW*GM^E)5^K0J(K

MSVLI[7]

M0:=C) [







A5+W



MIV!)B






MS]CBF=

[[PR%5CUDZ[Z

M7GQXW?JKZE==]:NN^E57_:JK?M6O04%5_:JK?M55O^H7)YI5O^J7OD)5O^I%

MGL2P:FQ=-;V=
\);$(JL775V+J2\1];QG^LQM;%EN7TJ$06/D5%!F/I.A.

M.1J%ZSKQL:J@PUG)9O2^$UWTC8B]P.OY]
6WZY

&O&,=_LC8Z9<]VC2L[A+XXL_76ANG)U?.=$]^/Z
M2HK<F6#F9CG?H/^TXVL)G%9
ZXWV


4O=^JHJ\Y[ *
9:+@7:1EQ
MK"N!./7K_.*W4\K[IWOS

MQGIK'N35

J90=
M;CZ1AL56W\YGX=H\F
&BA0B9)#L);%:(%.%!)^L

M
C Q-3$P



M6)__@.[QB-31#6%$8
7%#^@#]@/=PJ^I3P1J\-'8)XI 1S12'1V7G6.
+&L%




MS-!+#7C*I
+






M(G%#XN[- G%?;WXND-E(P\GFTRN[@*?M5[((E]'
NB2/C@4MG! @P;$D5!

9
?^;P.: G!@#$O



RI=






'J#)9\L.?]LRY/XFU\OM7L\EIN\Y[*HXA@3YUK2I?7R*Q7
MR[=TS4S;*C\XZM]+?I-3F\2A:DO[['0CR.?R0IQRHF8XY6K3I?&*QX 34?8



Z[XUXX(0S?'DCMP!R3AHH%LVDZ43P@4

/X]?PKQ' SG0B&6.\]H.FX:'92]Y6Y(
M91#1OZQ$SM)-EE.UCISR1'HS3==18N:&]91(Y#90PGCH=8$6A3+ZPIH)KSJ^
.BOEYT


MT;=07['!BVF


NMY&%7




LB0*?9G

$%     @ !(+A2/S1$RY   DEL  !4

34Q
#



M^J*-.'WY[_ZX]UY^V)_M]X/^CX/^Y?\

M(4= T$/X8

MFUGRD&7WK7/[;
/=3NS\T(.



UC/K

9'Q'VM.B3H0R?]XK!4$JW/V


MS4$4DZ
5Q.[U9H4(1Z. R8EG





M ?;4-Q^GANL*6:F6SD#W8['(*:UC
O\%C@?$
'73E5PQL]6T-!UL][$YNPI8




M^_Q#NPVN


NKV\/7L?D$OHBS;B]NG?
M#B^['^2/WD/OP]GAQ[/#T_\:/M'_H*O'MA][8;_EN*?/4R^G\D?3Y C(.@A
M_.R5X_-6S

MC9JF6KX^
2]ZQE$G@K/2+.ZZ_DH@WOBDL[P9;XIS5


M:=:1=SNS,4,$;]/WOB8_]-
LMF 5IA0:!NRM#XO 49)^VH(\EG_F@BZ[_-


MY4L\(7@L2!)!T7'H0D1%

M9C/T %_UWLEH6MH H



M*/HM5%84JPOW=4/Y/+B0.1'BK
9Q (H
0I3(D*F#DP#75*A@SN()M5TL)O
\

N%#XJ[9*4%$[\CFG;-IU,!=7C7CVL[=(9Q 5!IZ5K0!P\J3U#LR?$L)-

82!0/6X/7[1:%%,K7V232&\_?N%-&XDG



M#NRPW3KD]R[49Q'X
'P:OJ.6
?O






MHF W:J!*VI%45MUF1*-#FPDC/JT;$=

M



M1GF;6






M76M/]-FS0_



 T/]2\1AD++1:YD?Q$5+%^8SFBZT/U\V
M4*H!?8FG=7E%2[*?5!!OP2C)1*0RJ.;[$VM5S);Q S)@S^2''R^V?M[@4,

PC'CDBN

MFSK3&H#1F0W+KL[6-H@;L7D9*LUVYMHPS9*#:@(I9
2GE%^$_[Q93;. 1DM.


MQH8%0K-1$IY&E 3
3CZ:&]'.^MQ

M'I.KV3@)H_LH7.%8




MVW!([*
O%V2.X[



5!N!CH*J'?-

M38

9QKM@#
1Z64V%)-98


SUZNMW+PS4R:NG1PKOM=2K
K
M@!8(E!)DS)22*
 LA C%#C






MN6&N2^T2M4:.QQJ+G1&'(T%(%9T%0MIS8VJ^^CPA@UK'VNNQ63N6*IYYQ]
M)@ME-%C7ZV]*NMTUN!X0A))


[5\H.SL6XFIU'4ZB#T!:9D((T\\&&;JY90
B\I(#\O0


MASV=$P(D-C\E2QZ992TOK*BV NM20%JZ30%)@6 $I&/7F]T56
1BYR5-EX3F

MT;Q+XY#0K#@LT1 OVYN[5
S02C4U96L+QND


M3XV&*+]AD[V&(9 9WR@(TA6;+4SP$Y[&AK!;!78Z
FH)MT9**1*







M&6#8Q/\%3/4'3^Z;!M\@(DR 3+8:V7?:-VD]F*?+=]3OQSH8

MW \(K_*[E$;_8L/1\5^.]H^.Q+\_H+_MOWTC_HJR(MT1Y^@_CUX='1VS@(BB

M]D%1?;

D9U@*KT%[%U::L%58!A2NJ%C\K01460
6DWG=L9^)55HH]QS9X
MN (S[S=VN=%X)U*;8'I%Q5ZQ4*PY3@@5K
U-HK;T)#Q3513Z4YE!E*&!JUZ-

MO]9'(EB-DG 4
H;B#H \NB?E4Z1H%J.52]E95J$I/8


QK-$LI8@,B6HISQV!HHWH#7JT^?,!9%(@+T.-5
M3D)#+&YM[5)/ ZO45)JE*9@!;AA?I39((O



P[/OQ=G_!@1-R3Q*$C9+K:95)[3




MU




.*


MZA5]%ECR


D#-'


M@DTMM1%@1.EU54' _&,H!H&0Q3K8\:O*(L46?R'XZO919K,+_B[G%HN:73

BD@#%87 4+C8ZOMYN3Y2X3-\J)^


O9B_MMJUN_S=^T(.^2W 7[KEB+XE!=G@@'
(5SQ;A]YLA5DAQC2L
MM)-[:P*U$@U&5D:+LB-?U=56FFVFW6/AKZCTJEFE^(YAVZJ&'
M.ENV,YM5^44..]RLG6.A@/H7?ME?BT1
S@.%CSF8S4N;_E=6ZQCEAX1SK
MRBB.BG





)]-]





D-Y#02KP5C7RO77 %NY

R8\TTGQ+Z2;NH2'S5VY-1+F

&V37@-JP?4!&UR
M'KVT^]5LQH(=RA__TX@-K7E*

MKRV_ZU=TH'K$CJSUJSHOX\3'-&[&AY]P@N=B2_\-H??

?:FL+IM
M


M
9Z:5JSBW#'GQ6)B?AA'KCBHLXOZ\A9
(H++V#K ]




G?SW-0V\):80(_G34/3X]\B#V28#P]-/1U[M.[ZX_'!YY





M*)Q\.@(TPIU\=/#O_+L.;?R\8&83(3[JC[R3NFQ^!B'7Z=T
PCA2\579N U&


AOILQ











MB3I3 !9\

*I6'W];


M:ZK5QF+6OH;:MV4JZ)DQ/8&LA^ ZDU/(6LI73&(0IBVM(G2-P 
*F9
#(S8+
MIY'Q5B6[VF/0[\%:RGE_#\]436Z87X%K;0=01F
M/5T7!2&(3CN)JU+6O )0



M=+HXM1CZUL=)H@DW4.L%03HAL*D!H&(^V!XLVY^PJ'7$2@BU-K$:XQ3@K9

.VGM


:^$G
M)K9=GM


]NU
MH:;P54IYZ-#ENQ%YE


M-(4WR?P!TM$D%:B0F]









R835+?
MA7^0'6\0SU=:Q+8K$K1G


M.[-?/;-'B

M1@YY!97=-!1G:$S)$C%

ULU


MUPT5=^BW@ @D'N(EC!H*R:5].5/=L'=
KJ$R-V:'50%3=$]Z_A\)HC#U:YDX
M;)3'S^




0#'!0PZY#NRI7:

_
M

MK6%C$B)?*_
JH[%H/Y\YB#*!G=A:O&[IX-A\^


_WQDJ25UOGQUWK+/3A;3KQUKV\F643CJ0
* U3U*4_-/
S

%D


8PX NK514UI
M]1+S:N:

X()$*![A+RA]USHOKD\+[B
D3.EW


M*8





1
T9 ,G:9TQ2..#LBY4-.H96^E\0+'T3'+

VO)5V[
MX*:(2WRUO):STIDK655Y8U[


M^NZ_&I]N.'UBXZ%?'XN_D;Q#K)!'VX8F-Y#R09B%4:D(VJIL:JMFZ 8SXD


(;4Y]J=2CP8DSYLQXXUX=-1C(N ?@%Q



.;





34Q
#

end



